what happened ? ? ? all we got was , `` have you seen my cat ? '' `` you are not my cat . '' `` have you seen my cat ? '' `` you are not my cat . '' what 's the point of this ? ? ? seems like eric carle just wrote anything to make a buck . stupid dumb book ! ! ! waste my money ! !
vote this one off the island : <NUM> overproduced prog-tropical instrumentals consisting entirely of primitive thumping , chanting and grunting - sort of a new age tribal orgy with pygmy porn music composed by phil collins . it 's all supposed to convey the drama , intrigue and relevance of a tv show ( survivor yell , mud bath , chase race , tally the vote , i can see it , buzzed ) with no drama , intrigue and relevance . a desperate last ditch dig for one of the most unimportant moments in television
john wayne was no draft dodger as one of the previous reviewer ( moron ) stated : as wikipedia states : wayne was <NUM> when the u.s. entered the war and was raising four children , and when he requested deferment he was granted a 3-a deferment for family reasons . later in the war his deferment was changed to a 2-a deferment with the explanation that having him serve was not in the national interest . despite not serving , wayne did support the military through participation in uso shows for u.s. servicemen . i guess it would have been better if we had let the government take care of his children if he would have perished in wwii ? my grandfather also did n't server in wwii because he had three children to raise including my father .
conventional karaoke titles use cd-g formats . this should have been labelled a disney sing along album . printed lyrics do not make a karaoke cd which is entirely misleading the general consumer . fortunately the variety of songs and quality of the recordings still give a strong entertainment value for your child . if you want the variety of disney music , here it is . if you want a sing along album , especially if you do not have a karaoke player , you have your wish . if you want a karaoke format , look elsewhere .
i am totally discusted with this cd . i bought it for one song & quot ; the birth of the beat & quot ; - a wonderful <NUM> minute performance . when i played it , i found out it was a cut down version ( <NUM> minutes ) . needless to say , i am extremely disappointed
i have good news for the guys in rooney and hot hot heat : you 'll have plenty of free time on your hands these next few months , as seattle 's the lashes have taken the liberty of recording your new albums for you . be sure to send them a thank-you card from the beach . i 'm only half-joking . get it , the lashes ' full-length debut , sounds exactly like the aforementioned bands . ( maybe instead of thank-you notes , those bands should be sending cease-and-desist letters . ) and while plenty of bands sound like plenty of other bands -- hell , a good chunk of cd reviewing is merely pointing that out -- what 's most distressing is that , as a result , the lashes have no personality of their own . one minor aside : a buddy of mine teased me earlier this summer during a trip to the beach when i popped in rooney 's self-titled debut for a little driving music . `` what is this ? inoffensive pop rock mix # <NUM> ? '' he cracked . my friend has a point , and it extends to the lashes : the music cranked out by these acts is sunny , hooky and instantly disposable pop that works best when used as , well , driving music en route to the beach . granted , this is not a crime , but it 's hard to get too eager about such ephemeral music . every track on get it -- with the exception of the mid-tempo , string-section aided `` dear hollywood '' -- is upbeat and interchangeable-with-every-other-track-on-the-disc power pop , from the jangly single `` sometimes the sun '' , the new wavy flourishes of `` the world needs more love letters '' , and the bouncy keyboards of `` nate 's song '' . trying to differentiate between these songs is like trying to pinpoint the differences between brands of toothbrushes -- they all do about the same thing , with very little variation . i mentioned that there are no actual crimes against music on get it , but the lashes are guilty of playing it too safe .
this is one of those books where you actually feel embarrassment for the author . the book is poorly researched , poorly written and , well , words just fail me . while i am not a great herriot fan , i do have to give him his due - the man could write well and could tell a good story ( is n't that what authors are suppose to do ? ) but this guy graham lord , i suspect , has problems feeding paper into his typewriter ! the intire book is such an obvious ploy to make some money on the shirttail of a & quot ; dead & quot ; and popular author , it is rather nauseating . shame on the publisher for accepting such shoddy work ! i did finish the book though ( thank god i did not purchase the thing ) because each page became worse and worse and i could not stop , thinking with each turn of the page & quot ; well it just can not be any worse than that last page/chapter. & quot ; how wrong i was ! if you must read the thing , borrow it or check it out of a library . i would hate to see a person waste their money , and i certainly would not want the author and his publisher to be rewarded for a work such as this . herriot 's life , warts and all , could be such a fastinating subject . i do hope someone will turn out a good study of him eventually . we certainly did not get it here
you want to learn about evel knievel but you do n't with this film . awful .
just a note to those who were uncomfortable watching this film with their children ; movies have ratings for a reason . this movie is rated pg-13 , which tells you up front that it has content that is considered inappropriate for children . in this case , it is crude humor . what i do n't understand is why they made a movie with a story line aimed at a young audience , and then inclduded content that earned it a rating that recommends that a young audience should n't see it
shevonne the imperial hoodrat or whatever you claim to be ..... you would n't know about being a hustler if ice-t slapped you with your tampon . its painfully obvious that you do n't have any music knowledge due to the fact you enjoy ignorant , inbred , klown music . i am sure you do relate to the lyrics because you definitely have the iq of a tree frog . and no i will never reach that level ....... or should i say sink to that level because i never move backwards with my intellect only forward . dem wack boyz are one of th worst groups out there to date . support real emcees like mos def , krs-one , and immortal technique
his previous album `` you 've come along way baby '' was so good and original but now it seems like he 's spending more time on his music videos then on the music , many songs on this cd are also based on samples from older songs like `` star <NUM> '' and `` weapon of choice '' and `` sunset '' some say he 's matured as a artist but when something worked pretty good why do n't continue in that way instead of making the oddest songs he could think of . norman cook is a dance artist and there 's no way he should try to do something he is n't used to . bootsy collins `` weapons of choise '' and macy gray `` love life '' is cd , so does the voice of jim morrison on `` sunset '' but they can not save this album from fiasco , to me it feels like the guest attists take too much place , it 's no longer so much of the original fat boy slim sound here . `` yo mama '' got a cool sound though , but he could have tried to do something more with that song . `` song for shelter '' is dark and slow aswell , think he even released it on single . let 's just wait for a better time , this album was really a flop
do n't think dale can play a song the same way twice . did n't like the selection of songs nor the way they produced .
terrible . i love alternative music , but this trash is hardly worth listening to . i understand this is `` experimental '' and `` innovational '' but it is a loose can of worms . none of the music is melodic . some of the riffs are pretty neat with interesting rhythems and intruiging sounds but when thurston moore or kim gordon ( who was <NUM> when this was recorded . waaaay past her prime if you ask me ) tries to sing , it all falls apart . the guitarists are very , very talented and deserve recognition . but , honestly , i ca n't see how they ca n't be like the pixies and be talented but produce good and listenable music at the same time . i gave it <NUM> stars because `` drunken butterfly '' is an awesome song and actually worth listening to all the way through
este cd intenta ser una introduccion en la variada musica de brasil.los interpretes varian de famosos a ignotos . los temas distan de ser los mejores de cada uno . podemos acceder a diferentes ritmos , y nuevas voces que son dificiles de encontrar : nazare pereira , sylvia torres o conocer a otros chico cesar , zeca baleiro , etc . es muy desparejo en la calidad musical , y no permite apreciar la riqueza de los diferentes ritmos e interpretes . las ausencias son notorias , pero es inevitable , en la amplia musica de brasil . no es un gran cd , solo nos aproxima , no transmite la riqueza musical enorme de ese pais y ` para el que no conoce puede darle una imagen deslucida y erronea
two lesbians sing the same old tunes of music for the entire album ..... your ear get so tired after all . typical japanese pop sound has always been like this . there is no kick to the tune , ..... the only , and the best j-pop artist really impressed me was utada hikaru . she is better than most western singers . i bought this cd , listned it only once , and got rid of it . john lennon wan na bee not so original/creative `` artist '' .
i 've always been a huge fan of nicholas sparks , and i could n't wait to read dear john . well , there was no reason to rush . it starts out okay , but then just gets more and more depressing . the main girl character is annoying and you hope that john will find someone who deserves him , instead of just pouting over her for most the book . i can not wait for another nicholas sparks book , but only because i want to know that he has n't lost his touch , and that this novel was just a fluck
this disc is bad ! ! ! right at the <NUM> '' mark the sound of the `` rock water '' is join by what sounds like a slow draining bathtub . this sound is more or less present throughout the entire hour . other discs of this type that i 've heard do n't do this
this presentation of mr. boone 's deserves a <NUM> for effort , a <NUM> for the best bad thing i 've ever heard . he made of mess of little richard 's `` tutti fruitti '' way back when . so , in keeping with such destruction , he went after our precious metal hits . funny stuff , though . i keep thinking of the those sad off the strip casino bands trying to entertain folks who just want a $ 1.99 breakfast and a win at the nickel machines .
can this be the same d-12 that packed in witty rhymes in a non-serious demeaner ? well , i guess this really does prove they are only a side-show . eminem has different production , so the group will have different production . eminem went more serious , now the group is more serious . besides that , shady himself ( or what is left of what he use to be ) is basically a no-show . in any track eminem 's in , it 's usually the strongest , and that is the case here ; however , that does n't mean he was great . that means the cd itself is misconfusion , contradiction , and a side-show for eminem 's next cd ( `` encore '' , which was better then this , but not that great overall , as well ) . d-12 is the commercials to the eminem show , everyone 's just waiting to get in between them . that 's the case here
i ran out and bought this cd the very day it came out . then sat listening anxiously for something to stir inside of me . alas , nothing . a few weeks later , still nothing . a month later , i tried again . i yawned ... then i got up and cleaned the kitchen finding that more interesting . when i first started listening to zero <NUM> , i was drawn , pulled , attached to their music . i got it , it got me -- we connected . my friend mel asked me the other day how this cd was and i let her listen to it ; she yawned and said , `` i guess they 've lost it '' . should they release another cd , i 'd borrow it from the library first and then buy it only if i really love it . but this cd was deeply disappointing ..
when hollywood decided that the classic christmas cartoon how the grinch stole christmas needed updating , i experienced a quaver of fear . how , i wondered , could anyone bring the classic dr. seuss tale and its gnarly green villain to life as vividly as the <NUM> animation ? i can give a mixed report . jim carrey , in the title role , does a marvelous job recreating the nasty antithesis of yuletide joy . his actions and facial contortions are near-perfect ( although his voice , i must admit , pales in comparison to the cartoon version 's boris karloff ) . he dominates the entire film with energy and antics only slightly overshadowed by his prodigious makeup and costume . anthony hopkins also did good work as the narrator . but director ron howard did n't do the seuss story complete justice . instead of reimagining the original through a new lens , he gave us a completely different story . the whos of who-ville are the primary victims here -- where once they were beatific inhabitants of a remote and pastoral village , they 've become greedy , materialistic , hard-partying gluttons in a town based solely on marketing and capitalism . cindy lou who , the innocent tot who discovers the grinch at his nefarious thievery , is now an older child ( taylor momsen ) bent on redeeming the famous hermit , who boldly braves his mountain fastness to spread her version of holiday cheer . even the grinch 's pseudo-santa sleigh has been reinvented , now boasting rocket boosters . and the new back-story , which attempts to explain the grinch 's christmas loathing , does n't make a lot of sense . while the cartoon gave us a villain who was evil , rotten to his core and filled with inexplicable rage at the world , this grinch is simply misunderstood and overly mischievous . also , should the grinch 's big redemption scene really involve so much heart-thumping pain ? i feel sorry for the children who will grow up associating this movie with dr. seuss ' marvelous story , rather than the animated feature which still holds up so well after <NUM> years . a favorite christmas tradition has been replaced with typical hollywood glitz and glitter , and the season is poorer for it . please , if you have children ( or a childlike fascination for christmas ) , stick with the original . by tom knapp , rambles edito
i bought this cd for a few bucks a while ago at a christian music store . the next day i brought it back . i expected it to be different , but i did n't expect it to be horrible . this is early '90s rap . we 're talking really bad here . like , vanilla ice/ninja rap-bad . they had to start somewhere , but if you want my advice , skip this and go to the good stuff - supernatural , jesus freak , etc
i rented this on a whim and it brought back a lot of memories from my 1970s days in elementary school . this video made its rounds in the public schools . the songs are catchy and the film quality is good . but make no mistake , this is propaganda aimed at children . i will not be showing it to my kids . despite the freewheeling title , the message is that girls will find happiness only if they mimic boys . case in point : atalanta , a princess , finds happiness when she competes with men in a footrace and when she rejects marriage so she can travel the world ( on her father 's horse ) . she also designs and fabricates rocketships in her spare time . juxtapose that story with another cartoon where a femine girl in a pink dress and curls is devoured by tigers when she follows the custom of `` ladies first . '' the tigers abide her request and throw her into a boiling cauldron . the narrator advises us that the boiling girl makes a very tasty meal . our `` hosts '' , infant puppets voiced by mel brooks and marlo thomas , are revolting . there should be a law against using mel brooks ' voice for a baby . apparently , i repressed memories of these creatures , but seeing them again brought back the horror . needless to say , i fast forwarded through the disturbing puppetry . overall , this dvd is fun for thirtysomethings but should be kept away from children
i put one star because it 's the minimum , if not , i would 've gave it zero stars . this cd can be reviewed in so few words ... here are some : no ! ! ! don't bad stay away from it i told you , no ! ! ! in short , no music from the movie is here , and the music that is here ... well , it might as well not be here , and it would it be better that way . summary : no ! ! ! do n't get this cd , use the money in something else , get a hamburger or somethin
i bought this book a number of years ago for apologetics purposes -- while i would agree with other reviewers that it holds a high view of scripture , and the book definitely represents a lot of research , i think that the approach to symbology used here can be problematic . the entire book is a study of constellations , and how they display the gospel in the stars . while this is an interesting study i think there a oouple of underlying problems with this approach . <NUM> . constellations and star names are simply assignments that man has assigned to stars . usually pagan cultures in association with their pagan mythology . although this does not completely undermine such a study it does call it into question . <NUM> . a second more serious problem is the same problem which underlies numerology and other allegorical approaches -- they can often be made to say anything the author even while at the same time appearing scholarly . those looking for apologetics in the cosmos should consider investigating the `` anthropic principle '' which tracks evidence of god 's design of the universe . one such book would be `` show me god '' by fred hereen . in terms of our faith , in my opinion , god 's word itself furnishes a lifetime of study without engaging in speculation of symbols which we really ca n't prove one way or the other .
this book is such a drag- not for the math bit , but the non-mathematical sections . the stories and ramblings are absolutely unnecessary , and detract from the substance . the problem is that the stories are inextricably intertwined with the math , and quite impossible to skip if you do n't want to miss the math bit . to the extent i was able to drag on , the calculus portions seemed great , but it became too tiresome going through the flab . the great book on calculus has to be `` how to enjoy calculus '' by eli s. pine- a book i regret not having known in my school days
i like readable prose . this is more like poetry with meaning that must be disciphered or intuited . i am disappointed and am sending the book back . i bought it on the basis of the first reviewer but it did n't impress me as much . i think it would be better to write rather than read more esoteric writing about writing . i would pass on this one
if you 've seen one you 've seen them all . uptight guy by chance meets quirky girl , she brings him out of his shell . well , i bought this for like two dollars , and maybe it was worth it . i watch it like once a year . no special features on dvd worth mentioning . ben affleck is getting married , he has to fly down to the south from ny for the wedding . but things keep getting in his way . forces of nature . also , he keeps running into , and ca n't seem to get away from , some weird chick ( bullock ) . are these signs ? should he stop being so uptight , and go with this free-spirited chick ? or should he be an adult and get married and accept his vanilla lifestyle ? the acting in this movie is `` meh '' , meaning sandra has the same personality that she has in every movie ; and affleck sucks , as usual . the other small parts are well done , for the most part . the script is formulaic , and the cinematography at times is interesting . it 's just another rom-com where the whacky girl brings the uptight guy out of his shell . the movie opens with a stripper scene , no nudity . there is also a pot-smoking scene in this movie . there is also a scene where affleck strips at a gay bar . just thought i 'd throw that in , in case you 're considering buying this for your teen daughter or something , and that kind of thing bothers you . you only need to buy this is you are a rom-com fanatic , or a big fan of either affleck or bullock . otherwise this is completely forgettable .
i purchased dick cavett 's john lennon and yoko ono interview and it was great . it was about an hour and a half of interview and performance material . i gained new insight about john and yoko . so i bought cavett 's interview of jimi hendrix expecting something similar . the <NUM> minutes of glib questions by cavett produced nothing new about hendrix . included in the dvd are a few minutes of jimi playing at woodstock . the rest of the dvd is mediocre at best .
if you read this book -- you can thank the author for making you dumber . if you spent money on this book -- you can thank the author for wasting your hard-earned cash . if you enjoyed this book in any respect -- then you can thank the author for her talent in writing fiction . not only was this book chock full of crap , it did n't at all confer with the people involved to get the facts straight . this is all hearsay and press coverage that anyone could dig up googling the subject matter . now , if you believe what the press tells you -- then you 're a real sucker
i grew up listening to her `` in concert '' album , and bought the pearl album based on reviews saying this was a more mature style for her music . i like her old style better , this sounds like she was trying to make a more pop sound for her music ( although the singing was n't much different ) . it not only did n't sound like what you expect from janice joplin , it sounded like a muzak imitation of her
lie to me and wander this world are so much different and much much better , if you are a blues fan . i bought it for `` give me up again '' , which is in a very good version on the clapton dvd `` crossroads festival '' . the rest is more like a prince style , pitty , hardly any guitar , jonny is slipping away from the blues
i bought this album determined not to pay attention to any negative reviews from this site or any other . i have never been proven so wrong in my life . this album is inexcusably bad . ths following review sums it up exactly . <NUM> of <NUM> people found the following review helpful : deplorable ...... ! , september <NUM> , <NUM> reviewer : brendan `` bren '' ( new york ) - see all my reviews whoever is the creative genius behind this miss matched mess of a tribute should be fired immediately from whatever label or organization commissioned this album . nostalgia aside , never have i heard such an amazing , talented group of performers ( some of them amongst my favourites - aretha franklin , beyonce , stevie wonder , alicia keys , john legend , patti labelle , angie stone ) sound so unprepared , vocally dull , poorly produced and karaoke-like ! talk about the right singers singing the wrong songs and then the wrong singers singing the right songs - who had the gall to give 'never too much ' to mary j . blige ? ? ? and 'superstar ' to usher ? ? ? ? usher ? ? ? ? ? of all the incredible r & b singers in existence , including the completely acceptable version by ruben studdard , you will give a classic like 'superstar ' to usher ? ? ? unreal . this whole project just sounds like/ reeks music biz politics to me .... my baby fantasia , im sorry , this is the worst thing i have ever heard her sing and i think fantasia is incredible . and what da * ! @ # ! ! is that bunch of musical messes in between - celine dion ( mediocre ) / donna summer ( a remix nightmare ) wyclef jean ( unspeakable ) beyonce & stevie ( boring , and i love those two ) aretha franklin ( a la divas live solo - all over the place ) / babyface ( boring ) patti labelle ( predictable ) - oh my goodness . too much . barely saving the album by sheer musicality and good singing - john legend - truly an original sound - angie stone and jamie foxx ( would you believe ? ) . still - not the right songs to really make them shine . what a headache ... and perhaps the most absymal act of wanton disregard - where was luther 's friend , background singer , performer extraordinaire and confidante on this project - lisa fischer ? ? ? ? ? abysmal i say again . suggestion - next luther vandross tribute - and im sure there will be in a year or two - keep some of luther 's friends ... but please take some time to match the right song with the right singer .... and some new , interesting voices please ... do some research - there are people out there who are amazing , unrecognised or yet unknown talents that would complement any tribute .... ledisi , rachelle ferrell , raul midon , melonie daniels , will downing , leela james , lizz wright and a couple of undiscovered underground r & b/ jazz gems right here in new york , abby dobson , cole williams , r'kardo , gordon chambers , lynn lockamie , ryan shaw , sasha allen and the list goes on and on .... singers who work tirelessly at their craft and consistently give great work ... i am appalled . may luther rest in peace , and not turn in his grave at this slapdash atrocity that does not give any valid credence to the magnificent body of work this artiste of standard has left to the world - as his legacy .
terrible movie ... i really like denzel washington as an actor but in this movie it was very dissapointing ... he is much better when he plays to be a good person that fights for justice and what is right
i really expected more . rhino , the author of the stiff records and 'left of the dial ' box sets and the 'just ca n't get enough ' series assembled this tired set of eighties new wave ? wow . a third of this cd has been anthologized to death . toni basil ? men without hats ? a-ha ? modern english ? thomas dolby ? dexy 's midnight runners ? again ? ? ? where 's nena and `` <NUM> luftballoons '' ? i could name six more interesting choices in my sleep : pete shelley . freur . lene lovich . heaven <NUM> . fun boy three . blancmange . gary numan , haircut <NUM> and frank & moon zappa lend a breath of fresh air , and rhino does their usual stellar job of remastering , but it 's not enough . this is for the person who : a. is an extremely casual music fan ( i.e . buys a cd about every other year ) , or b. is too young to have been around when these songs were all over the airwaves . otherwise , you likely have the better stuff on this cd elsewhere , and who needs to hear `` mickey '' ever again ? ( and i mean ever again . ) if you fit one of the two profiles listed above , you 'll be completely content . if you do n't -- save your money .
this book mostly skims over our history with not much information other than dates , instead referring you to all kinds of internet websites for the meat . unfortunately , many of the websites no longer exist ( although i bought the book almost as soon as it was released ) , or they just can not be accessed with the addresses given , so the book is essentially useless . given the life-expectancy of a lot of websites , it hardly seems like a wise concept by barrons for an entire series of books .
generally harmless , except for one very offensive song about siblings that hate each other and hate their parents . the song is probably funny to ultra-sophisticated , cynical adults . but the song is totally inappropriate for a four year old . i would n't bring this cd into your house
we discovered that this dvd of mission impossible - the complete first season will not provide subtitles and no closed captions . <NUM> 's tv mission impossible was my favorite tv show of all time . we are hearing impaired ( both deaf and hard of hearing ) and we want to see what they said from this legendary tv classic show . we survived and endured through hearing impaired discriminations , prejudice and bigotry such as audism . please do n't buy this dvd without subtitles and no closed captions because they deliberately copied from tv screen show to video without mastering of high-digital video techniques such as coloring , subtitles , etc . paramount home video company often made cheap and flawed dvd video in order to boost their profit while lower the video quality . you will be deeply disappointed when you see this dvd of `` mission impossible - the complete first season '' .
read this book ! the story of a half-chinese , half jewish halfwise autograph man , a drunkard and drug addict who does n't get along with life , love and religion , sadly is n't even half-interesting or - behave - intelligent . in fact it is really annoying : the initial situation offers some some basic aproaches but zadie smith does n't manage to develope them thrillingly . anytime i felt just a little bit of excitement and turned the page to read on , it just started to get really boring again .
three facts about economists teaching laypeople : <NUM> : economists love to be counter-intuitive . <NUM> : economists love to be controversial . <NUM> : economists love to go on about their personal opinions as though they were fact because , after the above two points , no one feels he or she can defend any contradicting opinion this book suffers from the worst of these points . yes , economics is sometimes quite the opposite of what one might think and is very often `` politically inviable '' because of its conclusions , but mr. landsburg goes far too much into the rhelm of `` i 'm the author , you have to do what i say . '' i , too , agree that , for example , enviromental policies are often extremely ineffecient . however , if these policies are important to others , if they bring happiness or , in other words , `` utility '' to a degree greater than the opportunity costs incured , that 's their business . the book is scattered with his belittlement of the poor idiots who do n't understand economics and if they did they would think like him . this is the sort of reason why people do n't like econmists . this is why people think we 're heartless prigs . if the people through whom this book must have gone before it was published knew enough about economics to defend their positions instead of just accepting the author as their better , they would have perhaps reminded him to tone down some of his particulars that he forms into generalities . to summize : mr. landsburg is an insufferable know-it-all , who does , in all fairness , know-it-some
it 's too bad that clive cussler changed collaborators on his `` oregon files '' series . this was terrible ! i could n't even finish it . i read a lot in all different genres so i feel that i 'm a little qualified to comment on a book i have read . it dragged , some of the characters were changed and even though i know you have suspend disbelief , i could n't keep my eyes open . golden buddha and sacred stone were much better
i run hot and cold with clint eastwood . hot with movies like `` outlaw josey wales '' , and `` dirty harry '' . `` unforgiven '' ranks right up there with `` bridges of madison county '' as two of the most boring movies i 've ever seen . sorry fans
i thought this album might be decent based on 'fly , ' but it is amazingly garbage . the only song besides 'fly ' that i thought was good was speedhome california , maybe because it talks about california and i live here . but sadly this album is not worth the $ 2.99 i paid for i
i bought this cd and was dissapointed that the song i heard on the radio which had an uptempo steppers beat was not on the album . instead i got a cd full of elevator music that quite frankly is sub-par at best . if you like that sort of thing then this is for you
this album begins with the great and classic song `` radar love '' and ends with the great and classic song `` twilight zone . '' between those two songs is one hour of forgettable , mediocre music . if you did not know better you would think that it was two different bands .
do you remember the guy in high school or college who tried to be the class clown but failed miserably ? well , eugene mirman is less entertaining than that guy . i 'm not being sarcastic about the pity laughter ... that 's the most laughter here , and yes , this was recorded live . how the record company heard this and still felt comfortable releasing it is beyond me . perhaps it 's a tax write-off
if you have children that are five years & younger , this would be a good album to put in your child 's boom box or get it in cassette for their tape player . but if your children are six and up . your better off finding the real songs and burning them if you can find these songs . this album should be saved strictly for the poor folks who wnat music for their kids but can not afford it . this ablum would be number <NUM> if it were sold in rwanda , sudan or other third world nations since it could be sold for like dirt cheap . parents , if you buy this album , after your children turn <NUM> years old . pack this cd and other ki8dz bop cd 's and send them to africa . this is pop music for impoverished folks
trinity collection is a bootleg . picture is extremly poor . <NUM> movies for $ <NUM> . too bad , i like trinity , she 's cute . ooops , wrong trinity ..
johnny depp ( secret window , ed wood ) goes up into space with his friend , actor nick cassevettes ( son of director john cassevettes , starred in face/off ) and both of them come back , in tact although cassevettes soon after at a party dies and then his wife kills herself . theron becomes more and more suspicious of her husband as she finds out evidence that depp might not be her husband , but get this , an alien and that the twins she 's carrying in her stomach are aliens as well . then , she 's all alone when her sister and other 's wind up missing . bland boring thriller offers too many things that really dont add up to anything and the finale is hilariously dumb . depp tries his best to rise above material that seemed to of been remade from other good movies and theron cant show her talents as she lets all the stuff crumble on top of her .... she 's done way better people and so has depp . also starring joe morton ( speed , terminator <NUM> ) , clea duvall ( ghosts of mars , <NUM> conversations about one thing ) , tom noonan ( armageddon , knockaround guys ) , donna murphy and gary grubbs ( tv 's angel ) . a failed thriller
i am not a neurologist but have a strong personal interest in epilepsy . i read this book with great care . there are many chapters of significant merit including chapters 10-20 . these chapters include the seizure taming effects of relaxation and certain types of music , doing things to prevent seizure progression when an aura is felt , lots of general information on epilepsy that is organized on a gender or age basis , the challenges of finding employment , and advice on a whole host of life issues that people with epilepsy often face . these are even more thoroughly covered in a number of other references which i have also read that come from the medical community . so here is the real issue ; what is in chapters 1-9 ? these chapters are loaded with information on diet , food supplements , vitamins , minerals , oriental medicine and other alternative and complementary approaches to treating epilepsy . as i read the forward by russell blaylock md and chapters 1-9 i had a growing sense that the author 's thesis or belief is that traditional american medical treatment of epilepsy on the whole may do more harm than good and should be avoided if possible and that the natural approach is without risk and should be used preferentially . the real problem with this philosophy is that there are many people out there that will believe such nonsense . any natural approach has risks as well as possible ( if unproven ) benefits . i certainly do not want to deny that there are problems associated with traditional medical treatment of epilepsy . side effects are a real issue and can not be ignored . the book has many unsubstantiated assertions that would make people think that the medical profession as a whole is uninformed . that is most unfortunate . here is one example from the forward ; ( `` doctors in general have difficulty with biochemistry in medical school ...... if your doctors do not understand these molecular events how can they efficiently treat your disorder ? in addition to this lack of knowledge ...... '' p. iv chapter <NUM> is a testimonial by the author on how she dealt with her epilepsy by eliminating junk food from her diet , switching to wholesome foods , adding herbs to the mix ( skullcap and goldenseal ) , exercising and losing weight . she also decreased the amount of phenobarbital she was taking . at that point she endorses a definition of drugs as being `` poison ( s ) . '' the reader is also introduced to robert fried ph.d. ( a neuropsychologist ? ) dr. fried allegedly has come to the conclusion that `` seizures are metabolical , ( sic ) not neurological . '' dr. fried also allegedly feels that seizures are more like a regulatory body-process , like vomiting , rather than a disease process . the seizures are , allegedly according to the author , in a way readjusting the individual 's metabolism to attempt to achieve homeostasis . my understanding is that there are some seizures that have a metabolic origin but they are in the minority . certainly eating better and taking care of one 's body should make a difference in overall health . whether that will cure epilepsy is far from proven . chapter <NUM> starts by stating that if you have seizures it is imperative that you see a physician . that is good advice . an implication is made that hypoglycemia may be a major cause of seizures . such an assertion ( `` major cause '' ) is a little bit irresponsible in my opinion . it is correctly pointed out that anticonvulsants can have long-term adverse effects on calcium metabolism and bone health . it is then pointed out that phenytoin ( an increasingly infrequently used old line anticonvulsant ) contains `` drano '' and `` antifreeze . '' puleeeze give us a break . most readers should know better than to believe that . the real problem with this book as i see it is that there are people out there that will actually believe these assertions that are thrown in for effect , and may avoid the medical profession and thus deny themselves of the benefits that modern medical science has to offer . i in fact know of one mother that read this book four years ago and then took her daughter off of her medication feeling that it was too toxic to tolerate . the daughter 's seizures that had been completely controlled for <NUM> months returned after <NUM> weeks and have never been under good control since then , in spite of restarting and then trying other medications . a reference should have been included , to the important studies that show that people that achieve complete control on medication for at least <NUM> or <NUM> years , have a high likelihood ( better than 50/50 ) of not needing medications after that point , but that those that go off medication early and relapse are often difficult to control . on the whole this book is not balanced and this is one example where the other side of the picture should have been presented . chapter <NUM> on nutrition is interesting and useful . it is smart to eat right . a lot of chapter <NUM> , `` foods that harm '' makes sense . chapter <NUM> `` foods that heal '' has some interesting ideas . there is information on food supplements as well . i think a more scientific approach to the use of food supplements could have been taken . the issue of the blood brain barrier is not dealt with . there are many unsubstantiated assertions in this chapter . the section on gaba is a good example of both of these problems . gaba does not cross the blood brain barrier and so orally ingested gaba will not end up in the central nervous system . the section ends by stating that `` daily supplementation of <NUM> to 1,000 mg of gaba has been shown to help prevent seizures . '' this is an irresponsible statement , that if taken and followed , could cost the individual several hundred dollars a year , and all for naught . chapter <NUM> is about the ketogenic diet . although it can help in those with seizures that are particularly difficult to control , i think that most neurologists would not routinely recommend it . the chapter fails to point out the downside of the ketogenic diet and fails to point out that it will not work unless the patient is truly ketotic . adding fats to a regular diet to try and achieve some of the benefits of the ketogenic diet will only result in weight gain , elevated serum cholesterol and triglycerides , and possibly exacerbation of seizures . studies have shown that simply losing weight correlates with better seizure control . chapter <NUM> on herbs is interesting but readers should look to other sources before investing a small fortune on those options . a recent book by orrin devinsky , md takes a critical look at herbs ( and other alternative and complementary methods of approaching epilepsy ) and cites relevant scientific literature ( if it exists ) that confirms the value of various herbs . on the whole i do not feel that this is a balanced book . nor do i feel that the author intended for it to be a balanced book . the sources cited as experts are too dominated by acquaintances of the author and not enough is cited from peer review scientific literature . there are far too many unsubstantiated assertions . actually following some of the advice in the book could lead to lost opportunities to get epilepsy under control and could lead to much expense in search of the often elusive goal of effectively treating epilepsy without medication . i can not recommend this book . i can recommend dr. devinsky 's book `` complementary and alternative therapies for epilepsy . '' it is a bit pricy so i recommend borrowing it from your local library unless you are a physician or a hopeless book collector that likes to buy medical texts . i give this book <NUM> stars because it does have some useful information . the other stuff unfortunately brings it down to a `` <NUM> . ''
this is strictly a demostration dvd with no verbal instructions . it might be good for others , but i did not benefit from it
my mistake . i had only heard `` should 've been the one '' which i thought sounded very good . that , however , was the only song produced in the studio and unfortunately the only song i liked enough to justify the purchase . the rest of the songs are live , apparently recorded at a small venue , if you can judge by the applause . like i said ... my fault . not saying any of the songs are bad . maybe more of them will grow on me . just not what i expected . moral : it pays to listen to most of a cd before you buy it . ( duh ) you never know what you 're gon na get
in my opinion , this is one of the worst things reba has ever done . most of the songs are the typical pop flavored stuff that country music has become these days . its too bad and its an irony too because back in the 1980s she revitalized the traditionalist movement along with george strait and ricky skaggs . why did she change ? ? to record stuff like this ? ? ? awful
this is one of the stupidest books i have ever read . the main character , `` fred '' the mermaid , is a mass of neuroses . she 's bitchy , snide and her responses to the most simple of events is weirdly inappropriate . in the very first scene , this <NUM> year old ph.d stumbles across her parents having sex and completely freaks out , so much so that she violently ( but oh , so amusingly ... ) attacks them both . time for little fred to grow up , i think . the mystery is too easily solved and the men in her life , both instantly , and for no apparent reason , falling in love with her , are simple stereotypes of the gorgeous but smitten male . the first in a series , it seems likely that she 'll soon be having a lot of sex with both of them ; and simple , brainless pornography is about the best i can hope for from this ridiculous book
waited <NUM> days only to find the tape was the wrong format.30 days after i returned it was told not in stock.waited another <NUM> day for a credit
this <NUM> film is considered the first feature-lenth comedy ever made and , as such , is worth viewing just for that . the film on its merits , however , is less interesting . sure , this is slapstick , but i personally found the tillie character to be quite ridiculous ; ridiulous , moreover , without being particularly amusing . she 's made up to look like -- -and seemingly acts like -- -a guy in drag pledging a fraternity . marie dressler , then <NUM> years-old , playing such a supposedly youthful character as `` tillie '' , to boot , is less comical than it is distracting . if you are going to take the time to see this film , in other words , you ought be doing so simply to see a historically significant film . so , no , it 's not a film you 'll most likely want to own and watch again and again , unless you 're simply enamored by anything and everything chaplin has done . if you have n't seen anything by chaplin do n't start here ! and if you are a discerning chaplin fan you 'd be better served ( if you care to be amused ) by sampling some of his much greater efforts . for the curious , i offer a brief synopsis of tillie 's punctured romance : `` what 's this he 's got -- -one of ringling 's elephants ? '' so remarks mabel normand 's character ( so to speak , in this silent film ) as she spies chaplin 's 'city guy ' arm in arm with `` built like a battleship '' tillie . tillie has `` got a bankroll as thick as herself '' , chaplin 's character later explains to normand , his old partner in crime . then once successful in lifting said cash from tillie , chaplin flees with normand . upon hearing of tillie 's apparent inheritance of <NUM> million dollars soon after , however , he returns to her and begs tillie to marry him asap . they later whoop it up with many quests ( with normand working as hired help ) at a celebratory party at tillies 's `` new '' home , until her uncle -- -thought dead -- -returns to claim it back , throwing them out into the street as he does so . a keystone-cops-like chase ensues all through town and seaside along a boardwalk and then ends with normand and ( a soaking wet ) tillie agreeing that chaplin 's favor is hardly worth pursuing anyway . curtain . cheers !
stick with blitzkid because they can sing ten times better than this guy . he is also in blitzkid actually and he plays drums ... where he belongs . the songs on this cd are very well written and played , its just a shame that the singing is so forced and cheesy . i mean i know this is supposed to be <NUM> 's style doo-wop rock , but please . better things in the genre .... like blitzkid
most people writing reviews for this dvd are focusing on the music and performances which i agree are great but unfortunately the dvd which i am reviewing was lousy . the editing was extremely ridiculous . you would be hard-pressed to find an instance of an image that lasted more than a second . it was more like <NUM> per second ( ok that may be a slight -- very slight -- exaggeration ) . this a trend in concert video editing that is evident here in the nth degree . terrible ! the images come at you like a machine gun . please support this band by buying their cds but unless you have the attention span of a 3-year old on speed skip this dvd
i have always been a huge fan of kris parker . i like what krs has done . i like what he is doing . i like the fact that he has never looked to what the masses are putting out and has instead tried from day one to promote positivity . therefore , i find that this effort is laudable in its attempt to bring krs 's spirituality to an audience that has been listening to him for decades . unfortunately , it falls flat on its face . the songs on this album do not manage to live up to the message in the lyrics . krs is best known for bringing a message to all people by writing about things that could be understood by all people . that aspect of his work is forgotten on this album , and his work comes across as his preaching instead of his teaching . it 's almost like he 's forgotten the experiences that brought about his spirituality , and instead focuses on the goal without paying attention to the trials and tribulations that got him there . musically , the beats are mostly just plain terrible , and feel devoid of warmth or personality . the lyrics feel forced and while his delivery is excellent , the writing is not up to his usual high standard . most rappers these days are known for the beats they put together , or the hooks of their songs . few are known for true lyrical ability . krs has never before fallen victim to this trap . the reason criminal minded , boom bap and necessary did so well was the mix of good writing , excellent delivery and beats that worked with the material presented . everyone who listens to hip hop can quote lyrics from those albums ( and many , if not most , of krs 's other offerings ) - the same ca n't be said with this album , as he did n't find the right mix to present the material . pick up this album if you want a complete krs one collection - otherwise , leave it on the shelf
unless your almost dead this dvd is just too easy and is not really yoga . i have an old rodney yee vhs <NUM> minute tape that was great for a quickie and thought this was the same in dvd . it is not
this cd i feel is too long . i ca n't stand foreigner anymore , they used to be great . awful edits like urgent , jukebox hero , & waiting for a girl like you have to be changed . and that boring ballad , what is it ? ? ? ? ? ? i want to know what love is .... irritating for <NUM> minutes . and that singer , he kind of raises his voice too much . not one of the best bands i have ever heard . other irritating songs are headknocker , blue morning , & head games and they kinda suck . they just give me on my nerves . this is noise ..... buy any album from dire straits insted . dire straits are the best .....................................
i got nothing but mad love and respect for the outlaws but they have def lost a step since pac 's death . i think tupac must have wrote there rhymes cause they def do not have any skills . the cd also lacks production ! the beats are terrible . the outlawz worldwide cd was also a huge waste !
somebody get this guy an editor ! by the time i got to the end of this book if i read `` you would n't be wrong ... '' or about someone lighting up a cigarette one more time , i was ready to throw the damn book out . turtledove used to be great but if this book is any indication you would n't be wrong if you lit this book on fire with the match you used to light your cigarette and never picked up another turtledove book .
i vividly remember when this album came out , it was among a handful that ushered in the hippie era . of course one always associates the grateful dead with lsd , the hell 's angels , and poor personal hygiene . but their contribution goes far beyond that . music was the life's-blood of flower power , and what this album loudly proclaimed was that anyone , anyone , no matter how talentless and drug-addled , could start a band , provided that access to a garage was no problem . this came as welcome news to the legions of talentless , drug-addled kids who consequently folded the dead into their collective bosom . the complete absence of musicianship is precisely what made the grateful dead so appealing . their songs , both unoriginal and poorly executed , were never more complex than the average highlights crossword puzzle . chord changes seemed more like questions than statements and guitar solos wandered in a stupefied haze lacking both point and direction . most egregious of all was the singing which hovered somewhere between horrifying and unforgivable . but listen again , and remember that this album was recorded <NUM> years ago . then consider that the dead have toured more consistently than the stones , shlepping their zonked-out noodles from one end of the globe to the other , jamming interminably until the cows came home - presumably in an attempt to silence them . then play something recent by the dead and let the penny slowly drop . the music is still horrible and they still ca n't sing . all that work , wasted . it 's a shame . had they invested that much energy into something for which they were suited , like repairing automatic transmissions , just think how high they might have soared
the publishers should be sued . maybe we should get a class-action together . imagine taking an instruction manual for the very first apple computer and putting a new title on it `` how to use your new home computer '' and selling it in bookstores today . this book is doing exactly that ! also , it is highly doubtful that the tactic ever worked in the first place . the author 's website vanished years ago . in a thinly traded nyse stock if you try to repeatedly front the specialist with <NUM> share orders he will simply move the price <NUM> cents against you immediately following your next purchase . game over . [ ...
unfortunately , perhaps , i am a performing musician ( voice , keyboards , flute , guitar , and a smathering of other instruments ) as well as a composer , and also a fan of fresh , innovative treatments of familiar tunes . i search out and buy two or three new christmas cd 's each year and listen to them non-stop for the month of december . i had great hopes that this liebert cd would be inspiring and was disappointed that it was the opposite . each tune follows the formula of the rhythm section playing a straight-ahead version of whatever song with liebert playing a totally traditional , single-note melody on top , often co-mingled with a couple of motifs from another christmas song . the rhythm section plays the same traditional chord progressions again while liebert & quot ; jams , & quot ; using the same trite , tired riffs . boring
this may be a good soundtrack , but what the hell .. i 've seen this film a hundred times , and i never frogot that song when he was riding in the helecoptor on the way to vietnam.i couldnt remember the name of the song and forgot who the artist was.so i searched on the crappy internet .... for over an hour my poor tush hurts , and i found nothing , and it 's a classic song ! ! ! ! ! so i thought to myself my brother might know , so i said to him , remember forrest gump when he was in the helecoptor and the song went `` there must be some way outta here '' and immediately he said jimi hendrix , all along the watchtower .... shame shame whoever put together this soundtrack needs to be smacked upside the head .. who would forget jimi , and that beautiful classic song . now i know , no wonder i couldnt find it . it aint even on here ! after all those clips i listened to . waste of time , plus what a disappointment to jimi fans .
this is a very readable mystery with several cute twists . if you live in or near the central coast of california you will love the way she works in many points of interest . the story is filled with love of man-woman , mankind and dog . you 'll love it
buy a weezer album instead . i do n't really get the comparison to the beach boys , but the lead singer of this band does a pretty decent rivers cuomo imitation .
i checked out this book from the library for a history project , but i found the information and analysis in this book too biased for use on a research paper . this book is an attack on the clinton administration and communism , not a history book . the book fails to incorporate the current domestic and global conditions in china , and rely too heavily on common beliefs of the `` evils '' of the communist theory . of course , history has proven that communism is bad , but he fails to understand , there is a reason why the government in china is still in place today . the author fails to understand the thinking , history , and cultures of the chinese . in his suggestions of how the united states should act against china , the author makes a clear statement that the ends justify the means , and indirectly states that it 's okay for the united states to be immoral to eliminate any competition . in a world where people constantly criticizes our arrogance and ignorance , his suggestions confirms the criticisms about how we believe we are the best , and everyone should follow our example without a true understanding of the situation . ironically , we are the country that emphasizes diversity , but we are also the country who forces others to be just like us even though our model might not fit for their country
there was such promise , a woman who had `` escaped '' her ho-hum marriage , gone back to her roots was finding herself , starting her art work back up , caring for her mysteriously crazy mother , and then she `` had '' to fall for a monk , and turned this story into a romance novel . when she `` married '' herself with knots into the sea , and lovingly talked about mermaids , it had some hope of independence , then it failed , going back to her husband after the `` affair '' ( she got dumped for god . ) she did n't go back stronger , she went back wimpier and needy . sure , she had art in a gallery , but whee .... where was her growth ? ? there was n't any . sorry . this novel leaves the reader disappointed and sad . ugh !
this is a book that accepts the final outcome being that divorce is ok if you have tried certain steps . too many stories that support divorce are enclosed . i would not recommend this book to anyone who wants a marriage to work . this book should be called `` reasons why i should go '' ..
though i 'm coming to a review of the search a year too late , i can explain why . i bought the book on its release , very excited to read some good journalism about the hottest business topic of the day . i was sure that battelle , who had been chronically his progress on the book on his own blog , would deliver . halfway through the book ( in a matter of three days - a possible sign pointing to its lack of depth ) i 'm realizing that this is not the case . thus far , i have two major gripes with the book . the first is the writing itself . the book is written in informal magazine style , in keeping with his roots as a `` cutting edge '' technology writer ( having worked for wired and business 2.0 , magazines that try desperately to be `` too cool for the room '' ) . this would be fine enough , except that battelle has a habit of jumping around from year to year , talking about decisions made by players in google 's history before he actually introduces them . he never fully explains why it was important for sergey brin and larry page - google 's founders - to resign their chairman and ceo posts , nor does he tell the reader what their new titles are . battelle also has a habit of reintroducing people several times , a practice which at times seems a cheap way to up his page count . his writing style thoroughly muddles however much thoughtfulness there was to his project . i considered keeping a tally of how many times he used `` well '' as an interjection , but lost interested after i ran out of fingers . on page <NUM> he discusses a lack of managerial prowess on the part of brin , page and new ceo eric schmidt . according to battelle , one of google 's investors , john doerr , insisted that intuit founder bill campbell come on as a leadership coach . battelle uses an anecdote from journalist john heilemann 's gq article on google , which quotes doerr as saying , `` i do n't know where the company would be without him . '' however , battelle does n't include any of his own reporting on what campbell actually did . neglecting to explain right away what this ` miraculous ' shift was is , in my own journalistic view , irresponsible . not to mention that he does n't include the actual title of heilemann 's article in either the main book or the citations . later in the book on page <NUM> , he tries to play the role of not only a technology writer , and search historian , but also media theorist and critic , waxing about how google ought to be considered a media company - not just a technology company . in the book 's final chapter , battelle introduces the idea of having several different kinds of information contribute to `` perfect search , '' including every tech writer and journalist 's favorite idea , the blog . he bulldozes through a description of the blog and later posits that we have reached the critical mass point , `` but we do n't know it yet . '' i suspect that battelle means that he 's savvier than users and other writers and he knows something we do n't , but he does n't explain why he thinks we 've reached the tipping point , nor what that means in the overall discussion of what the blog can do . though battelle tries to play his book as a `` history of search , '' it is nowhere near as comprehensive as such a book must be . it is a book that sings the praises of google , nothing more . however , that the book is a history of google is fine . the company certainly is interesting and large enough to warrant an historical account and battelle ought to be forthcoming with his intent . the short discussions he does include of the company 's search engine precursors such as lycos and alta-vista need considerable expansion and deserve to be considered as more than also-rans , if he really wants to be considered the historian of search and not just google 's unofficial corporate historian .
as much as i like morgan freeman and ashley judd , i really wanted to like this film . i enjoyed them in kiss the girls , and i expected another interesting film . their performances were the only bright spot , but they could n't rescue this movie . this film was so unbelievable and disjointed it made me want to scream . there was absolutely nothing in this film that was plausible . as many other reviewers noted ( i only wish i had read the reviews before i wasted <NUM> hours with this celluloid pile of feces ) , it was so very predictable . i rented <NUM> films yesterday , and i had trouble watching both of them , for very different reasons . the other film was `` monster '' , starring charlize theron and christina ricci . i almost could n't watch that film because it was so realistic and it just sucked me into the story and i forgot that it was a movie . it absolutely is a gripping story , and ms. theron richly deserved the best actress oscar that she received for it . conversely , i almost could n't watch high crimes because it was so ridiculous . do yourself a favor and skip this one .
& quot ; hellhounds on my trail & quot ; is a disappointment . the legendary robert johnson , perhaps the greatest blues musician in the history of this country , is unseen and effectively unheard in this collage of generally mediocre performances by admirers and wannabes . in fact , the two weakest performances in the film are the opening and closing sequences . the only insight which comes through clearly here is the vast gulf in talent between robert johnson and his imitators
the author clearly has done his research and & quot ; digging & quot ; when it comes to the facts . then how come he is so bitter ? jennings spends too much time not only disputing almost every other book about the french and indian war , but also & quot ; wrestling to the ground & quot ; any thesis in opposition to his own ! he comes off sounding bitter , cranky and unattractive . his glosses over the military aspects of the war as if these details are beneath the serious historian -- why ? it was a war after all ! it is not a bad reference book but as far as read-do n't bother
i was hoping this was a rare concert of the brothers johnson in their hay day . this is a concert of middle aged men who physically let themselves go . the energy , synergy is just not there . this is a pass , the picture on the cover is totally misleading ..
i have this little ( very little ) section in my dvd bookcase that houses bad dvd buys . currently `` the yards '' and `` ghost world '' are the only two dvds that are housed on that shelf . i do n't know what to say , except the preview at best buy drove me to buy it on the spot and i was extremely disappointed that night when i watched it . slow story , not enough character development . all i can say is do n't let it be a dust collector in your dvd collection , like mine is
this was required reading for my son going into fifth grade . he is not a strong reader , and neither he nor i enjoyed it . the combination of a large amount of flowery language and very little action made it a struggle to get through . what little humor there was , was too sophisticated . it was hard for us to identify with this foppish married mouse who ate caviar and champagne . while i can appreciate that many ( i guess most ! ) find it literary and delicious , my son found it boring , and looking at it through his eyes , i have to agree
this book was neither bad nor good and therefore leaves me with little inspiration to write a review . what must be said is that this book had great potential , which was never fully developed . the idea was good . even some characters were good . well , actually just patrick . and come to think of it , i ended up liking muffin ( the cat ) more than i did any of the other mulvaneys . though even as a cat lover , i got sick of hearing about muffin and the other animals which were way too many in the first place . the book did go on and on , too much description about the ordinary ( and , oh so cliche at times ! ) .i did n't like the way it jumped between 3rd person and 1st person narrative . i did n't find it confusing , i just found it awkward . it did n't give the chance to really get inside judd 's head ( i mean , it was `` his '' story after all ) . i could n't love or hate anyone in the book . it was hard to tell what their motives were and `` who '' the real person was inside them . they seemed so in-and-out of character . maybe that was the author 's way of exposing them as phonies ? i 'm not sure . but without love or hate , there 's really nothing left to feel as a reader . left to chose between a ditzy mother , a jerk-of-a-father ( but not a jerk enough to hate him or care about what happens to him ) , an eldest son who is like a prop in this book , a brainiac son who gets revenge only to disappear and become someone completely different without warning or reason , a victimized daughter , that you ca n't really feel all that sorry for , the youngest son ( also a prop ) , i 'm not sure who to root for ( if anyone ) . the worst part was , just when i started warming up to the book ( forgiving its flaws , hoping for a great ending ) , i was hugely let down . it took me about a week to finish the last <NUM> chapters because the end of the book just dragged and i found myself too tired to pick it up . we are told in a quick ( but ironically again , long and tedious ) after-the-fact fashion about what has become of marianne and then in the epilogue everything is `` wrapped up '' quickly and neatly with no realism whatsoever . i feel if you 're going to resolve things in the end , then resolve them -- -tell us what it is and how it came to be without just glossing over everything . the book was long enough ; some pages should have been assigned to the ending instead of all the fluff in between . this is a book that should make you cry , but i felt nothing ( and i am one of the biggest crybabies ever ) . if you want a good book about family and family secrets , read ann-marie macdonald 's `` fall on your knees '' or `` the way the crow flies '' instead . both excellent books .
among stephen king 's famous quotes is the one about why he does n't direct his own films . his answer , not surprisingly , is , `` have you ever seen 'maximum overdrive ' '' ? that just about says it all . the film has terrific material to work with , but it is static and very poorly executed . when i watch this film i always think , `` why did n't he do this or that ? '' and `` why are all the actors just standing around '' ? fortunately , king is a better writer than director . impressions of a younger king fan : my teenage daughter has read most of king 's novels and agrees with king 's assessment of this film . her favorite film is `` creepshow '' which i introduced to her when she was too young and scared her with the famous line , `` where 's my cake ? '' that line still works . better stephen king films to watch : to see better cinematic examples of stephen king 's storywriting , check out `` the shining '' , `` misery '' , `` creepshow '' or `` carrie '' . none of these films was directed by king , but each film better represents king 's work on the big screen . in `` creepshow '' he even stars in one of the sequences `` the death of jordy verrill '' , and he does a respectable job of interpreting his own work . out of fairness : there are worse films out there , but stephen king did not write the novels or screenplays for them . this film , though not a good representation of king 's work , is watchable for some and is not terrible . unlike many of king 's other films , this can not be classified as good , however
and definitely not worth buying . this movie dishes out nastiness that makes friday the 13th seem quaint and lovable by comparison . jay and silent bob are rotten people , and you will feel rotten after watching this fitlth . you might laugh a time or two , but you wo n't feel good about doing it .
liza picard 's book on mid-eighteenth century london is essentially for those who like to dip into a topic and have a short attention span . though long , there is less to it than first meets the eye . this is history-lite and as such would probably have found limited favour with dr johnson himself . ms picard has used some interesting material from medical sources of the day but her reliance on the gentleman 's magazine as a source shows in the notes at the end of the book . there is little attempt to relate all this detail to the actual events of the times , so the reader is left with a far from balanced picture of what mid-eighteenth century london was really like
i found the book very difficult to use and almost never had what i was looking for . the small dictionary in the back of my eyewitness travel guide was much more useful
ok , first of all , read that ttle again . do n't you love how idiotic grown ups sounds when they try to , like , borrow the vernacular twists of their offspring for ironic employment in a , like , polemical setting ? reminds me of cusack 's dad in 'better off dead , ' the way he keeps trying to talk to his son on his son 's level . there 's so much bad faith and pretension permeating this book- it 's all there in the title ... as for the ' author 's `` polemic , '' it basically consits of numerous , misinformed , tendentious tracts soldered together into a rusty heap . you 've heard this spiel before , most likely from your grandparents or parents who just do n't get it- that they had their time . this is our era . our use of language reflects and underlines our differences from those who came before . i particularly did n't like his seeming dismissal/blanket statement on hip hop . he really ai n't down with the brothas , which is not surprising , given that he 's a black intellectual , and there 's nothing established black academics like more than a long-winded , whingeing harangue about the endemic evils of hip hop kulture . ugh . he does n't even seem to possess much of a knowledge of hip hop artists or their work ... nada ... there is much that i find execrable in said culture and in it 's major 'artists ' but still how can one overlook its myriad unifying and artistic elements ... even i manage not to fall prey to an all-too-easy reductionist formula , which seems to be the the main point here- the author views the degredation of the english language through the lens of pop culture at large ( as a bad thing , mind you ) , it begins in the evil counterculture <NUM> 's and ... you know ... digressive , ranting out-of-context mixed with counter-intuitive psuedo-linguistic gibberish . for example , the author holds up both dylan and tom waits as examples of artists who are reverred not for their songwriting abilities , but more for their authenticity , thir 'genuineness ' . this is plain false . laughably false . i 've never met a fan of either artist who was n't struck by their strange and completely idiosyncratic use of language . moreover , the author seems to feel that pop culture music is driven by whites emulating blacks . true , up to a point . i love this stance , and from chuck berry to james brown to miles davis to funkadelic to fishbone to bad brains , to the innumerable black influences on the clash , i will never tire of pointing out that , basically , it 's all black music . one would think that , at least on some level , this is a good thing ... but no , it leads back to the counter-kulture ( with a k ) ideals that have subverted language ... ? ? ? ? huh ? the saddest thing is that , as a reactionary elitist , i 'm inclined to agree with many of the author 's basic points . but both his presentation and his defense of his points were so hare-brained and wrong , i just felt sullied . with friends like these ...
i purchased this book for my 2nd grade classroom . with a few exceptions , the kids did n't want to take the time necessary to color in all the designs . they did n't mind doing the math , it was only the coloring that they rushed through . i was disappointed because it seemed like a way to work some fun into the math lesson , but alas , it did n't work out that way
in <NUM> bill bryson set out to `` do europe '' . he says that his motivation was to relive his experiences from tours in europe in <NUM> and <NUM> when he was a young student wandering around europe with a backpack . in reality it seems as if the primary reason for bill bryson to do this trip was so that he could then write a funny book about the trip . `` neither here nor there '' is , in fact , a very funny book , at least in the beginning . bill bryson can describe situations in a very humorous way , and he 's willing to make fun of himself , as well as everything around him . unfortunately , after a while the humor wears thin . then it wears very thin . then you begin to dissect the humor , and realize that you 've been had . bill bryson 's method of traveling is to emulate the kind of tourism we all like to ridicule . he typically arrives by train in a new city in the evening . he has no hotel reservation so he has to spend time finding a hotel that is not really what he wanted . he sees `` the sights '' that one is supposed to see in that city . he makes no effort to get in touch with the local people , to learn about their lives , or to understand their country and society . he spends typically 2-3 days in each city and then goes to work on figuring out how to get to the next city or country on his list , which often leads to further complications . this is obviously not the way to travel if you 're writing a travel book . nobody in their right mind would want to read about this kind of traveling . but bill bryson is not writing a travel book , he 's writing a funny book , and he has a sure-fire recipe : <NUM> . do things in problematic ways , and then make fun of all the trials and tribulations that result . <NUM> . mix in lots of flashbacks to the trips of your youth , with much juvenile humor related to the drives that young men are so driven by . <NUM> . feign incomprehension about everything foreign and satirize everything that is unfamiliar . <NUM> . make funny remarks intended to reinforce national prejudices . this last type of humor can be especially tiring . here are a few examples to illustrate what i mean : `` let 's face it , the french army could n't beat a girls ' hockey team . '' ( pg <NUM> ) `` the ( german ) women still do n't shave their armpits . ... they all look so beautiful and stylish , and then they lift up their arms and there 's a brillo pad hanging there . '' ( pg <NUM> ) `` in norway , three people and a bottle of beer is a party ; in sweden the national sport is suicide . '' ( pg <NUM> ) `` but the most preposterous law of all , a law so pointless as to scamper along the outer reaches of the surreal , is the swedish one that requires motorists to drive with their headlights on during the daytime . '' ( pg <NUM> ) `` i love the way the italians park . you turn any street corner in rome and it looks as if you 've just missed a parking competition for blind people . '' ( pg <NUM> ) in conclusion , if you 're someone who `` did europe '' in your youth and you want to relive fond memories in a humorous way , then you may well like this book . most other readers will probably start out laughing , then smiling , then wondering why the jokes seem to have lost their appeal , and finally ending up wishing they 'd picked a real travel book or a real humorous book . rennie petersen ps . just for the record , here is a list of the places covered : norway ( hammerfest , oslo ) , france ( paris ) , belgium ( brussels , bruges , spa , durbuy ) , germany ( aachen , cologne , hamburg ) , holland ( amsterdam ) , denmark ( copenhagen ) , sweden ( gothenburg , stockholm ) , italy ( rome , naples , sorrento , capri , florence , milan , como ) , switzerland ( brig , geneva , bern ) , liechtenstein , austria ( innsbruck , salzburg , vienna ) , yugoslavia ( split , sarajevo , belgrade ) , bulgaria ( sofia ) , turkey ( istanbul )
my 4-year old daughter fell in love with mlp after watching the `` princess promenade '' dvd , so when we saw this , we scooped it up . after watching princess promenade though , watching this was torture . the animation and audio are so poorly done . every story has a scary character that terrified my 4-year old . the cover resembles the princess promenade disk as far as imagery , but does n't match the video at all . it seems deceptive . only after my dissapointment did i note the <NUM> production date . if i can return this , i will , because my daughter is too scared to watch it
there is no doubt in my mind that josh harris is a good person , who sincerely wants to help people , particularly young christian women , who are especially affected by the vicissitudes of the modern dating scene . however , he does n't seem to offer much honesty about why this book has been so popular . either he 's guilelessly uninformed or deliberately avoidant : inexcusable in either case , considering how influential this book has become . is it because it offers the best possible advice on how to navigate the most clear and direct path from singleness to marriage ? no . for the vast majority of singles , the approach described in this book will be too rigid and contrived to be workable . few couples have actually gotten together this way . the real reason why this book , with its overwhelmingly female readership , has sold so well comes down to one main reason : there is a severe shortage of single christian men , as documented in campuslifecollegeguide.com male/female ratios , and the barna research group website which estimates the shortfall to be in the millions . christianity today recently identified the gender imbalance as being the issue that `` rises to the top '' for christian singles . because christians are encouraged to look at circumstances as springing from `` god 's plan '' for their lives , many of the surplus women faithfully avoid doing the math , but certainly feel the lack of male attention . unfortunately , this often gets boiled down to some kind of `` passive christian guy thing '' , but it probably has more to do with the complacency that accompanies the abundance of women : which is the defining masculine climate wherever there is a man shortage , whether it 's new york city , post-war russia or your local mega-church . it 's not so much a lack of male leadership , but a lack of males . and so the idea of courtship appeals to the romantic longings of single christian women frustrated by what they perceive to be a lack of initiative taken by single christian men , who they greatly outnumber . since reading christian books about relationships can be as titilating as any romance novel , many of these women will pour over every detail looking for the one piece of advice , the one thing they can change about themselves that will make a difference . which means they stay on the spiritual self-improvement treadmill , fuelling a christian singleness industry with its own slogan `` the gift of singleness '' that refuses to tell them the truth about the christian man shortage that is the greatest cause of their prolonged singleness ! of course , their lack of contentment ( an innate response that tells you that things do n't add up ) is something they are told to repent , ironically by pundits who themselves will not repent of how they profit from this symbiotic relationship . but as long as these women can be convinced that their discontent is caused not by unnaturally protracted singleness that 's the result of the christian man shortage but their by own spiritual failings , there 'll always be a market for christian self-help books like this one . pure genius ! what 's more , there are `` unintended consequences '' that can go along with harris ' model for `` courtship '' that he does n't really address : <NUM> ) because all masculine initiative taking must be based on a guy 's intention to marry the woman , it makes asking a woman to do anything a big deal to him . this can have several sub-consequences : ( a ) it creates a lot of anxiety for guys in terms of their decision-making and rejection-risk ( getting turned down for a date is bad enough , but imagine having your `` potential marriage proposal '' crash and burn ! ) ( b ) it fosters prolonged crushes , as stakes get so high with the guy investing all kinds of time and energy in figuring out that this is `` the one '' , he might not ever do it ( c ) ironically , it can boost up the guy 's expectations in terms of a woman 's looks . because the guy has to have everything worked out in their heads ( that yes , this is the kind of woman i want to marry ) lot of guys end up not bothering to spend time with girls who do n't look like whatever their `` wife prototype '' might be . guys who date and do n't make a big deal of `` a date '' are more likely to ask out women they never thought of marrying and possibly end up getting married anyways ( in `` how to get a date worth keeping '' , henry cloud explains how couples will admit that their spouses were n't really `` their type '' when they first met ) . <NUM> ) it keeps people from the humbling reality check that dating provides . serial dating ( as practiced in latin american countries , where a guy will ask out tons of women , get turned down by most of them until he has a `` short-list '' ) teaches you where you stand with the opposite sex . you ask your way down your `` ladder of options '' until you find your equal ( likewise for women , in terms of dealing with the facts about who 's asking and who 's not ) . with courtship , a man or woman can nurse an untested prototype of what they want in their heads for years . the idea that it 's better not to have any previous flames to compare them to is false . you 're better off being compared to their last girlfriend/boyfriend ( a real human being with chunky thighs and all ) than with the evangelical angelica jolie/brad pitt that has filled their imaginations since adolescence ! <NUM> ) it reduces interactive opportunities that promote the acquisition of social skills needed in a romantic context with the opposite sex . it reinforces the pattern of psycho-social-sexual immaturity you commonly see in christian singles circles . <NUM> ) it 's unfair to the woman to have some guy spring a potential marriage proposal ( which is essentially what courtship is ) on her without any prior notice that the guy ( who 's had a head start on working out his feelings ) is romantically interested . most christian women seem to need some time to progressively get used to the idea of having a date with most of the guys who would realistically ask them , let alone entertain the thought of marriage . <NUM> ) it also heightens the significance of anything the men do when interacting with the women in their circle , who inevitably end up reading too much into their behavior and expecting too much whenever any nuance of interest gets expressed by a someone they like . kind of like , `` he 's a nice , sincere , christian guy and he would n't be spending this kind of time with me if he did n't think of me as marriage material , right ? `` ... not always so . if we are to stand back and take a look at it , the whole courtship redux really has n't gotten off the ground : it works for too few people at this time . maybe the world has changed too much , or perhaps there are other issues today 's christian singles face in the mating game that need to be dealt with first : such as the confusion about `` the gift of singleness '' and the shortage of men . i would recommend debbie maken 's getting serious about getting married : rethinking the gift of singleness for an alternative view of courtship that embraces the ordinariness and universality of marriage , instead of this moldy oldy .
`` with <NUM> tracks sprawling over <NUM> arse-numbing minutes , cripple crow is hopelessly self-indulgent . it 's a pity , because on the few occasions when banhart applies the quality control - as on the short but pretty 'dragonflies ' - he shows flashes of mccartney-esque melodic craft . generally , though , banhart is happiest when he 's wasting an hour and a quarter of your valuable time with his witless meandering and irritating stoner-drawl. `` `` already this year we have heard the awesome amadou & mariam record on which producer manu chao brilliantly fuses western pop sensibilities with ethnic sounds to create fresh and invigorating music . in comparison , banhart 's feeble grasp of world/folk music comes across as a shoddy , flashy sweatshop counterfeit . '' it 's probably this month 's top-seller in tower records of goa , however
it 's sad when a commercial is superior to the movie , but the boogeyman is an example of that particular reality . even renting this film is a waste of time . had they attempted to explain the entire thing with tim being a schizophrenic who flipped out and killed everyone , but hallucinated the boogeyman doing it , then that would 've probably saved the film , but it did n't end that way . tim is the typical screwed up , scared of the closet kid , only about twenty years too old , being traumatized by having seen his father get mangled in the closet by the boogeyman . after posing for the first twenty minutes as having rewritten this event into just a way of dealing with his father 's leaving ( not very convincing , by the way ) , he goes home after his mother 's death and decides to face his old fears by spending a night in the house he grew up in . then follows a group of messily edited , badly written , and confusing events that make no sense and are not even remotely explained . for no apparent reason , he drags along for about an hour an old childhood friend named kate , who conveniently keeps showing up with only flimsy contrived excuses . she rides over to his house on a horse which for no reason throws her off ; he has no food so she rides her bike late at night over to bring him some . none of this would be that bad if it was n't for the fact that the last fifteen minutes were a series of absurd events . his excessively touchy-feely girlfriend shows up , drives him to a motel , and vanishes . he goes into a closet and comes out in his old house 's closet and jumps at kate ( there to give the gift of food ) . he goes and chats with a girl , who was following him around asking about the boogeyman who then was dead but still showing up , being a kind of spiritual advisor on destroying childhood demons . he goes into closets and appears in different buildings , sometimes under beds , gets pulled under beds and comes out closets , and something about nailing a chair in front of a closet and facing the boogeyman turns into him smashing and destroying everything in his old room as a means of destroying the boogeyman . it would have been all okay had it been the delusions of a madman , with his sudden appearances elsewhere being blackouts and flashes of memory . but no , it was supposed to be a real , non-cgi boogeyman . the result was a cheesy , boring , <NUM> minute film that should 've ended way sooner , because even at a hour and a half , it went too long . it could 've been good if it had just not tried to make the whole boogeyman thing a literal thing , but of course , they did n't . and what was that with his girlfriend ? he walks through a closet and finds himself in the motel bathroom where she vanished , sees gray water pouring out of the faucet , then she pops out of the water a few times to be apparently drowned or at least repeatedly covered with splashing dirty water by some watery manifestation of , yes , the boogeyman . then he goes to his room , with the ever present kate , smashed a few toys , and everything was peachy . i 've watched horror movies since about the age of six , a good eleven years , from nightmare on elm st. , to the hammer films , to dracula ( about forty of them ) , to evil dead , and this one just sucks . there are so many better horror movies to choose from .
this recording is just ok . i did n't see why she needed to do a cover cd patti is so much better than this and it 's not that she is singing the songs just ok it 's just that she does n't add anything different to them to make me say yeah thats it . make the next recording will be the one i can enjoy until then i guess i will put `` flame ' my favorite patti cd
when hollywood decided that the classic christmas cartoon how the grinch stole christmas needed updating , i experienced a quaver of fear . how , i wondered , could anyone bring the classic dr. seuss tale and its gnarly green villain to life as vividly as the <NUM> animation ? i can give a mixed report . jim carrey , in the title role , does a marvelous job recreating the nasty antithesis of yuletide joy . his actions and facial contortions are near-perfect ( although his voice , i must admit , pales in comparison to the cartoon version 's boris karloff ) . he dominates the entire film with energy and antics only slightly overshadowed by his prodigious makeup and costume . anthony hopkins also did good work as the narrator . but director ron howard did n't do the seuss story complete justice . instead of reimagining the original through a new lens , he gave us a completely different story . the whos of who-ville are the primary victims here -- where once they were beatific inhabitants of a remote and pastoral village , they 've become greedy , materialistic , hard-partying gluttons in a town based solely on marketing and capitalism . cindy lou who , the innocent tot who discovers the grinch at his nefarious thievery , is now an older child ( taylor momsen ) bent on redeeming the famous hermit , who boldly braves his mountain fastness to spread her version of holiday cheer . even the grinch 's pseudo-santa sleigh has been reinvented , now boasting rocket boosters . and the new back-story , which attempts to explain the grinch 's christmas loathing , does n't make a lot of sense . while the cartoon gave us a villain who was evil , rotten to his core and filled with inexplicable rage at the world , this grinch is simply misunderstood and overly mischievous . also , should the grinch 's big redemption scene really involve so much heart-thumping pain ? i feel sorry for the children who will grow up associating this movie with dr. seuss ' marvelous story , rather than the animated feature which still holds up so well after <NUM> years . a favorite christmas tradition has been replaced with typical hollywood glitz and glitter , and the season is poorer for it . please , if you have children ( or a childlike fascination for christmas ) , stick with the original . by tom knapp , rambles edito
mr. griffin has a formula . one formula , with one character and nothing changes . this book , the entire series , and in reality all of mr griffin 's work is nothing more than the literary equivalent of marshmallow creme only with less flavor and nutritive value . i recommend it for use as a soporific or in a pinch toilet tissue
okay , some of this is awesome : the ballads ai n't gone 'n ' give up on love and life without you are the best ; change it is a great blues-rocker , and his guitar livens up even weaker material like say what ! and come on , pt . <NUM> . still , this is a thin album overall . lookin ' out the window ; look at little sister ; you 'll be mine and empty arms are among stevie 's worst . stick to the first two records instead , plus maybe in step .
i did n't like this album that much . only songs i liked are the mc , step into a world , a friend , ca n't stop wo n't stop . just to prove a point song was horrible and i do n't know why he tried to do a rock song . putting puff daddy on the step into a world remix was a terrible decision by krs . the songs were too short on this album also .
... you can waste your time and save your money by checking this out of your local library . if you want to get an `` inside view '' of the inner workings of wall street during the excessive gyrations of the '80s , then read den of theives - that book is well written and well worth the money ! what turned me off about this book was the structure and the writing style . the first half of the book was essentially the author relating fortuitous circumstances that were the product of serendipity . he was simply in the right place at the right time , had virutally no idea how he got there , felt out of place the whole time ( even when he was raking in the big bucks in ny and london ) , and so now he thought he 'd wwrite a book about it . i also got the sense that he was trying to assuage some guilt from his association at salomon brothers . he was there , he made a lot of money , good for him - get over it ! i was also pretty disappointed because the subject matter has a lot more potential . i might have actually enjoyed it - had i not read den of theives <NUM> years earlier , and already had some idea of how things took place . but , if you can get it for $ <NUM> or less ( including shipping ) , and you have little to no knowledge of what an investment banker 's life is like ( and you have n't also seen the movie wall street ( which covers the same highlights in this book ) ) , then it 's probably worth it . i did like the wrap up he did towards the end of the book , relating where he had heard everyone from the firm ended up ... althought that seemed a little rushed ..
i would refer anyone who would take this author seriously to james randi 's comments on his behavior . he represents the modern version of the crystal ball reader and his claims should be eyed with an appropriate degree of skepticism . this would be a benign phenomenon but that his success depends on the suspension of reasoned thought on the part of those who grieve for their lost loved ones
this dvd is a good way to see what houdini looked like . that 's it for the positive side of this review . the story is ridiculous , houdini does no magic and only one escape . that escape is so poorly photographed , however , that it appears as he is doing nothing more than rolling about on the ground to escape the `` wet sheet '' tie that was used in insane asylums at the time . this film flopped at the theatres , and it seems obvious why - this is a vanity piece , ignoring the magic and escapes that made houdini famous
i was a teen in the <NUM> 's and i watched `` mystery science theatre <NUM> '' and loved it because the films where so bad , they where good ( funny ) ... this peace of $ # ! t would have been right at home there ! only watch if your : high drunk looking for something stupid to watch or all of the above . thank you
i bought these movies based on reviews and was puzzled when i noticed my <NUM> year old son was afraid of the green choo choo train . i could n't imagine why until i replayed the movie and saw the scene where the green train was headed toward a woman stranded , yes , stranded ! , in her vehicle on the train tracks . as she waved her arms in panic and stares at the oncoming train , she screams stop ! i can not imagine how this fosters a safe feeling for children unless you are into the scare tactic approach to teaching . i was really upset and offended that this was put into a kid friendly show . sadly , i do not recommend this dvd . the idea of it is great , but the delivery was more than poor . i will return the others i purchased
this is pt worst album made . every track on this album is bad ! lame lyrics , awful beats and there in no decent guests on this album . murda man was a awful diss track to lil jon , pt has lost his game thats all . also i wan na why pt has the beef with lil jon anyway . if you want so good albums get trill by bun b , ghetto bill gates by master p .
it 's summer , and parker county , texas , is gearing up for the annual peach festival . that includes retired teacher phyllis and her friend and boarder carolyn . both women always enter the cooking contest . carolyn usually wins , and phyllis is determined to beat her this year . while the two women are out picking peaches , the farm 's owner dies . his death could be ruled an accident , but it might also be murder . phyllis 's son , an officer with the sheriff 's department , investigates . unfortunately , he ca n't find any conclusive evidence one way or the other . the day of the peach festival brings another death . head judge donnie boatwright keels over just after trying phyllis 's spicy peach cobbler . this is a clear case of murder , however . the man was poisoned . when phyllis is quickly cleared of suspicion , the police turn their attention to carolyn . phyllis knows her friend could n't have done it . but can she prove it ? the book showed promise at the beginning . the first death took place in the first chapter . but then it quickly went downhill . once donnie dies , the book focuses all the attention there . still , very little seems to happen . the characters , carolyn especially , are n't really that likeable . and the writing style is fairly poor , with dangling modifiers and awkward sentences throughout the book . even the three recipes in the back of the book could have used a bit more detail . the book sounded promising , so i 'm very sorry i ca n't recommend it . i wo n't be visiting phyllis again
i read this book in <NUM> way before the iraq invasion seemed probable . after reading it ( and believing that i was reading thorough reporting ) i supported going after the wmd in iraq . however , now that we 've seen how judy can manipulate facts and her proven track record with no wmd found in iraq i strongly suggest you read this book with a skepticism to truthfulness . some of the non-iraq wmd reporting was very interesting and i learned a bit from that , but how do i separate fact from fiction ? as a result of being <NUM> % wrong in her reporting and judy 's recent comments , `` the analysts , the experts and the journalists who covered them -- we were all wrong , '' which is not true ( read john macarthur , ian williams and joby warrick ) , i think this book loses its credibility . you may want to read it just to attempt to discern fact v. fiction
wow . where do i even begin ? it is sad to think that so many americans are as misinformed about iraq and the war on terror as this darryl worley is . first off , i do n't know anyone who is saying `` you should n't worry about bin laden . '' if anything people against the war in iraq wanted our government to spend more time and efforts tracking down al-qaeda 's leader . the fact that bush jr. will not make the hunt for bin laden his # <NUM> priority is one of the many reasons why millions of americans voted for kerry . they want a leader who will stand up and protect us from the mastermind who attacked us and not send us on a wild goose chase like what bush jr. has unfortunatly done . think for once darryl ! next , if you are going to write a song about invading iraq at least make references to it . also , now that the war in iraq and our president 's approval ratings are so low . i doubt darryl worley would ever make a sequel song about staying the course in iraq . he and his managers are probably thinking about the next tragedy to cash in on . hmmmm maybe he will $ ing about hurricane katrina next ... we have spent so-far <NUM> billon dollars and more than that worth in human life lost in iraq , all that in a war that `` ended '' according to our president on may <NUM> , <NUM> . perhaps , outsourcing jobs to other countries should be extended to crappy songwriters too .
... but it has to be said : while 'martinis and misteloe ' is a swinging concept , it does n't translate to a quality christmas party-spirited cd -- in this case . from the first notes , and then the vocals , sadly it just never improves . however , negative reviews really should be accompanied by an alternative suggestion ; here 's mine : 'ultra-lounge : christmas cocktails , part one '
i did n't think that manning books could get lower than wrox , but i was very wrong . unless you are doing very , very simple hibernate <NUM> or want to how to use xdoclet and ant , this book is a waste of money . if i were the authors , i would return the money to the publisher . you can forget in depth examples . this book has the most trivial of examples , but it does have pages and pages of exposition on why hibernate is so cool . the real meat could be put into a <NUM> page booklet . with a publish date of <NUM> , this book needs to be more up to date . to make matters worse , some diagrams are incorrect , many pages are smudged and smeared and the book reads as an insult . i remember the days when computer books were actually helpful and useful , this book brings modern tomes to yet another new low . i thought the on-line docs for hibernate were bad , but this book is worse . wow . worse than wrox and worse than the on-line docs . makes me want to read an old vax manual just for the fun of it . this is the first and very last manning book i will ever buy . the few i have read before i was able to get the gist by spending <NUM> minutes in the bookstore reading . peak and heudecker should stick to creative writing as that is what thy do best in this book
i only bought this one for the song by jerry orbach . the first <NUM> dvds were better
i hate ac/dc , them and metallica are extremely overrated in the metal department . as musicians , these guys are very average at best , most of the time , they 're below average . it does n't matter if it 's bon scott or brian johnson singing for them , ac/dc has always sucked . unlike other metal bands like slayer and sepultura , ac/dc 's songs are very cheesy and boring , the only thing this is good for is the whiff of nostalgia . want real <NUM> 's metal ( not glam ) ? go for slayer , sepultura , kreator , exodus , iron maiden , judas priest , mercyful fate , hellhammer and many others
this is a fairly helpful book for those born before the '70s -- a time when `` a yarn '' was n't an archaic term . does it give some helpful hints ? sure , there 's the obvious ones like show do n't tell and all characters have free will . but fiction has changed a lot since henry james ( thankfully ) , and this book might be better left unread . plus , i do n't buy the `` only people who are n't well-read do n't like it '' argument . i 've read nearly all the books mentioned and i still wish i never bought this book
like almost all rock bands to have formed within the past <NUM> years , <NUM> doors down is disposable , all their songs sound dull and boring ( their all the same too ) , they belong in the same category as creed and nickelback in the `` lullaby rock '' subgenre . it 's this kind of stuff , along with emo , limp bizkit , and icp , that is killing rock
so ... i now learn that the infertility problems i had for many years , which i always thought were due to polycystic ovaries and failure to ovulate were actually due to the fact that i hate my husband , did n't want to have children with him or was simply ambivilent about motherhood . and my rather lengthy ( but normal ) labor was also due soley to my ambivilence about motherhood . and , presumably , any peronality quirks my daughter might have are due to some oddity about my labor and her birth , as dr. northrup 's daughter 's problems are mostly attributable to a 'too fast ' second stage because she had pitocin . there is some good stuff here , and it 's certainly good for a woman to educate herself about her body , so she can avoid avoidable problems and understand what is normal , and find medical caregivers that fit her needs ... but so much of the book is based on the idea that almost anything that goes wrong is due to 'wrong thinking ' ( and conversely , if you just think ( and behave ... mostly through an all natural , mostly vegetarian , dairy-free , caffeine-free , alcohol-free , and sugarfree diet ) properly , nothing will ever go wrong .
to be blunt , laura lee smith 's christy is petulant and immature . i like diane ladd as an actress , but her portrayal of alice henderson is bland . thumbs up to the men -- stewart finaly-mclennan and james waterson . also , dale dickey did a great job with the role of opal mchone and i thought emily perkins and olivia kelly were outstanding as zady spencer and ruby mae ( respectively . the script could have provided a much better transitions in several place . most notably , we see the good-by to one beau . it would have been more emotionally satisfying to see her say `` yes ! '' to the other . while some performances were excellent , the movie must stand on the overall performance of the cast , director and screenwriters . with christy and alice being so central to the story , it simply does n't make it . we all knew who she would end up with , anyway , did n't we ? ? ? much better to go back and watch the cbs series or better yet , read the book !
i came upon this film while browsing my university library . my curiosity was picqued , since my home state is rarely discussed beyond such topics as drinking ( mardi gras ) and eating ( cajun food ) . this film reminds me of a line from an explanatory plaque in jean lafitte national park . looking out over a marsh ( through which runs a large gas pipeline ) , the panel details all the restoration efforts sponsored by exxonmobil , shell-texaco , et al. , all of whom have refineries in or around the wetlands . if they 're cleaning anything , it 's their own mess . and what methods are they using ? `` bio-restorative detonations , '' i believe , was the term used . are those `` life-giving bombs '' ? back to the film , funded as propaganda by standard oil co. when local sentiment was turning against the company . i 'll pass over how many times the innocently befuddled cajuns smile broadly at the blessed oil rig plopped in their marsh , and the way the young boy is given the disney-nature-film treatment , as amusingly naive as lobo the wolf or henry the mountain burro . no , just watch this film and catch a glimpse of the prosperity once promised to our humble state . and then visit the beautiful scenery of norco , la , in the middle of the famed cancer alley
i want my <NUM> minutes back ! spare yourself - do n't buy this cruddy film , and do n't waste your time watching it . think of all the wonderful things you could do in <NUM> minutes . call me old fashioned , but i have this little hang up about a movie having a plot and having structure . this is a desperate attempt to be artsy , which simply comes off as a bunch of film students fooling around trying to do something weird . endless repeated scenes with small variations , a `` mystery '' that really is n't much of one . courtney cox wearing awful clothes and ugly glasses and endless closeups of her looking gaunt and haggard to the point where i wanted to offer her a sandwich or something . dreary acting , dreary music . creakingly obvious attempts to be artistic by shooting portions of the film in bilious green or dreary blue . the same material recycled endlessly to the point where i hated all the characters , and did n't give a damn what happened to any of them . making a film without a single likeable character is a big boo-boo . if the audience does n't care , they might not hang around until the end , and if they do , they 'll feel as if they 've wasted their time . as hannibal lecter would say , tedious , very tedious
i hate leaving bad reviews of things because i know someone is trying to make money and i do n't want to hinder that . truth is that the concept of this book was exactly what i was looking for , but it did n't have anything special in it . i might use a total of two tricks . most of the things just come off as stupid or little clever games ( i.e . with matches ) ... but very little magic or tricks
i wasted my money to watch cdeb <NUM> . ) try but fail to carry a full concert with only himself <NUM> . ) see the camera repeatedly zero in on a touched fan in the audience ... who happens to be part of cdeb 's marketing organization <NUM> . ) try to convince everyone that he irons his own shirts and is not a rich snob . chris deburgh , i 'm a fan of your music and lyrics , please stop cheating your fans out of their money for sub-standard products as this one ... now i know why it was so affordable ... but you dont even get what you pay for on this one ..
kate sings `` pan of biscuts '' almost as well as hedy west cept of corse her guitars no match for hedy '' s great banjo playing . the rest of kates album is even more disapointing . joe
ok , the original is a classic and is what ... <NUM> ... <NUM> minutes long ? jackson stretches it out to <NUM> hours and adds very little to the story . the native were scary . the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions , they actually made him into a character ... something that ca n't be said for any of the human characters . the insect scenes are ridiculous ! ! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic . anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie . now jackson is adding <NUM> munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ? ! ? peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next <NUM> <NUM> hour long epics
this is a very simplistic book and reading it provided me with no knowledge that i did n't already have . the author could get across every point in the entire book in a five page summary . he starts by telling us about the broken window theory put forth in <NUM> and illustrated a few examples of how it lead to lower crime . he references both the original atlantic monthly article , as well as `` the tipping point '' ( which i highly recommend ) , and some other texts and speeches that are written much better than his book and that actually contain original and interesting information . the author explains in very simple language how this theory can be applied to business . essentially the entire book says that `` broken windows '' in business are the little things that go wrong , and how a business ca n't afford to let this happen . he spends almost half of the book talking about how `` people can be the ultimate broken window '' and how customer service is one of the most important aspects of your business . these concepts are so simple , that they are basically just reiterations of common business sense . this book does not probe deeply , nor does it even come close to actually delivering any insight or analysis beyond the most superficial . while his case studies are potentially interesting , he does n't spend more than two pages on any given one . this book is only worth reading if you want some simple concepts and rules that you already know listed in a convenient format . personally , i found that buying and reading this book was a waste of time . there are plenty of other books about business that contain information and insights that you do n't already know
ugh . this is an example of how academia has invaded and pillaged modern music writing . this woeful treatise on dai griffiths 's random thoughts on pop music and the question of `` classic status '' uses radiohead 's ok computer as an unfortunate jumping off point . most of the book is devoted to the study of pop music , the lexicon of recording conventions , and a labored breakdown of songs , not by sensible musical breaks , but awkwardly by minutes and seconds . reading this book is about as much fun as parsing a calculus equation . indeed it reminded me of why i am so glad to be out of school . it 's intellectual masturbation ( or wanking , i suppose ) of the worst kind . a choice quote : `` ... ok computer might in time be a focal point for historians of life at the close of the twentieth century . 'this is what was really going on . ' you want to know what <NUM> felt like ? ok computer : tracks six - eight . pushed for time ? - track seven . '' track seven of course is `` fitter happier . '' yep . that song sums up the end of the 20th century , according to griffiths , and naturally , this record . point of fact , more time is spent discussing `` fitter happier '' in this book than for any other song on the album , a very strong indication of worthless dissection by a rhetorical bore . another great quote : `` thom yorke is less a songwriter to my mind than a peculiar thing , an 'idea-led word-producer , ' the words important as things in themselves rather than necessarily for their place in the song . '' that from the section in the book , `` words . '' and from the section , `` those pesky sound-effect openings and endings '' : `` i 'm not sure about those bits , though they certainly pad out the time . '' in other words , the sound design of each song 's opening , ending , and/or transitions exist merely to support the author 's argument that cd albums are typically longer than albums recorded for vinyl release . yes , those sonic orchestrations : time killers . ok computer is a remarkable album because of its ground breaking and remarkable music and lyrics . this is a solid basis for a book of this kind . instead , this book is built upon the argument : ok computer is an album made up of sound effects , music with key and tempo changes , words about animals , death , moods , and electronics , and is remarkable only in that it was recorded for a cd , not a vinyl lp . in fact , in time it will probably be remembered for being not very remarkable at all . a note to the editors of <NUM> 1/3 : next time hire a writer who actually enjoys the album he/she is writing about
some of the other alex rider books may have been a little predictable , but ark angel is by far the worst book in the series . as if someone with a cheesy tattoo of the world covering their head is n't bad enough , this book really `` jumps the shark '' , not only does anthony horowitz yet again use the `` corrupt rich guy '' plot ( this may have something to do with his childhood . . . ) , but at the end of the book alex gets launched into space . save your $ <NUM> and buy maximum ride by james patterson or a scott westerfeld book instead
i would have saved more time if i had read the reviews first , thanks for the help finding that one song i wanted ! verve remix
i miss the old ub40 stuff you could skank to . the beats on this album 's tracks are too & quot ; club & quot ; for me . labour of love and labour of love ii are some of the best reggae albums ever made , this one though is has almost that & quot ; industial & quot ; sound to it that 's so popular in europe . if it were n't for & quot ; come back darling & quot ; and & quot ; mr fix it & quot ; this cd might be a total loss . so it gets <NUM> star for each of those songs from me
i am a great fan of saylor 's historical novels , but was very disappointed by this one . his skill has always been in creating completely believable environments , down to the smallest details , and placing his stories within those frameworks . but the vast scope of this novel ( ? ) makes that kind of meticulous detail impossible . everything , including the prose , in this book seems somehow pale and uninspired -- a writer biting off more than he can chew , or , to vary the image , spreading himself way too thin . the book reminds me of james michener 's old pot-boiler , `` the source . '' saylor at his best is one-hundred times the writer michener was , but i enjoyed michener 's book more than saylor 's , which i simply could not finish . nothing about it engaged me
the authors cover many of the events that occurred during the timeframe so i believe you can get some decent background info from the book . however , it is very political and seems to blame the country for not adopting a social welfare state much sooner . in many areas , it is too superficial and quickly concludes & quot ; where was a government program to cure these ills of history & quot ; and does n't really explore the causes of problems . case in point , american farmers fed the world during ww-1 as european agriculture was in shambles . that allowed american farmers to enjoy strong prices and high incomes in the war years . but in the 1920s , the european farmers were back and the market suffered from classic oversupply and farm incomes declined . the authors do n't report that or even classify the war years as an anomoly for farmers . instead , they focus on the unfairness that the farmers did n't participate to the same degree in the prosperity of the 1920s . the tone gets very upset with thoughts that the federal government should have prevented this like our wonderful never-ending farm programs of today that have us subsidizing the growth of tobacco and mohair wool . in other areas , the book is wrong . for example , it traces the formation of the federal reserve system to jp morgan 's inability to stem the bank failures and outflow of gold in the panic of <NUM> . actually , morgan was very successful in rescuing the powerless federal government and raising gold in europe to prop up our banks . the federal reserve system arose as the government was worried about having one private man being able to wield so much financial power . all in all , the historical background is there and is a good primer , but be prepared to listen to a lecture of what is fair and right and what is not
most of the tracks were chopped down to 3-4 minutes so some of the best parts of the compositions are missing . i do n't know what i was thinking trying to buy <NUM> classical songs on two cd 's . if you really want to enjoy the music you would do better to purchase a cd with fewer , but better quality tracks
i 've only watched the first six episodes so far , waiting for some in depth story to unfold with diverse characters ... blah blah blah . nothing but a simple story line with everything spelled out . there 's no complexity to it , no unfolding of the characters , no mystery of peeling through the layers of their lives . all the episodes seem so long and dragged out but nothing different ever really happens . boy tries to save girl , boy gets beat up , boy does what he feels is right without thinking it through , no strategy , no thought to his actions . it almost seems like a saturday morning cartoon with violence and unnecessary rape suggested scenes . another thing that really bugs me is the fact that the evil king hamdo is such a whiny coward , but yet somehow manages to recieve complete obedience from all his subjects . somebody would have dethroned him by now , in fact there was an assassination attempt where the two assassins were skilled enough to sneak all the way into his chambers with out being noticed , kill his guards , have him in there sights , and not only miss him , but stand out in the open only to be shot by his scared shaky hand from under his desk . the actions and reactions of this world are just to unrealistic . i want my wasted hours back . good thing this only cost me twenty dollars
there is no other explanation . the following quote is all you really need to know to prove that andrea is unstable and most likely hates who she is . `` i want to see a man beaten to a bloody pulp with a high-heel shoved in his mouth , like an apple in the mouth of a pig . '' - andrea dworkin . if a man were to say something like this , i 'm sure she 'd call for his arrest .
michael flatley 's feet fly like a racehorse , but he is really a one trick pony . now , if you like that one trick , you will like this ( and every other ) cd , and stageshow of his . if you are looking for something new , a progression of creativity , and expression , look elsewhere . when riverdance first appeared , i was a fan of the inovative blending of broadway , traditional irish step dancing , and new age mysticism . and the talent of all involved is undeniable . but after other troops appear imitating the idea , and doing so almost as well . you must wonder why this artist deserves the loyalty of consumers buying the same , repackaged material over and over again . darwin would say that those things that do n't evolve and adapt will become extinct . unfortunately , it appears to be a slow lumbering death , for the thundering feet of this dinosaur
the `` original '' versions are 4x3 letterboxed ... for anyone with an hdtv or widescreen regular tv , these dvds are a major disappointment . the original versions are matted from their original 2.35:1 aspect ration for 4x3 tvs , so they look like crud on an hdtv or other widescreen tv . they appear to be made from the same transfers used for the laserdiscs . the other versions , from <NUM> , appear to be identical to the dvds previously released
the film is well crafted , but i do take issue with the racial tones of the storyline . stop making 'race ' an excuse . people get out of life what they put into it . this should have been a story of human triumph instead of some run of the mill sociopolitical statement . there is waay too much of this happening today . my appologies to the production crew , but <NUM> out of <NUM> stars is all this movie deserves .
i 'm a big fan of joe dante and i love martin short , but 'innerspace ' is just too high on concept and low on just about everything else . you know the tendency for even many great comedies to somehow `` require '' a villian sub-plot ? well 'innerspace ' not only falls victim to that , but the `` on the chase from the bad guy '' scenario propels the film . i guess you could call it `` adventure '' , but there 's nothing interesting or exciting about it . short does what he can here and there , but most of it feels like made-for-tv filler material ... honestly . i do n't know ... dante is a creative genius , but this is his most lacking imo . sure , this is one flick that has brilliant special effects and does n't ever overplay them , but you almost wish they 'd had , because at least something interesting would be happening . 'gremlins ' and 'the 'burbs ' had awesomely unique concepts but , by and large , maintained a degree of freshness around them for their running time ; 'innerspace ' ca n't survive for any real length of time . the concept of the film is great , no doubt , and the actual execution of the fundamental mental/physical relationship between short and quaid is pulled off with valor ... which is strange , because it 's the superficial aspects of the film that fall on their face . i guess that makes sense ; dante is an imaginative nut , and in the face of a drab script and story , he does n't know what to do
i 'll state the obvious . rich boy 's southern twang is so thick that its hard to understand what he is saying sometimes . this album has more bad tracks than good tracks so let me focus on the good then the bad . standout tracks : throw some ds is a catchy first single that i didnt like at first and the remix with andre <NUM> ( he had the best verse on here ) , nelly , murphy lee , the game is a lot better than the original . boy looka here is an alright second single plus i like how the beat breaks down . and i love you had potential to be a great track till pastor troy delivers a crappy verse on it but big boi held it down on here . lost girls and ghetto rich ( featuring john legend ) are two tracks that are worth hearing plus any song of substance i 'll give credit for . filler : rich boy pulls a rick ross and has way too many chick songs on here like what it do , good things , touch that a * * ( the worst out of all of them ) and on the regular . role models is weak and so is the fillerific hustla balla gangsta mack and gangsta . get to poppin has to be the worst plus i 've heard pitbull spit over that same horrible beat ( and that track sucked too ) . bottom line : <NUM> good songs are a good enough reason to skip this album . yeah it might have some catchy cuts but the album is packed to the rim with skip material .
i liked early winger , mainly their hit singles but the entire `` in the heart of the young '' album was pretty good , if straying a little too close to def leppard . i have to say that those works have n't stayed with me , and are only worth a listen when i 'm in exactly the right mood . `` pull '' saw a darker , blusier side and was all the better for it . in the end , however , only `` down incognito '' and the fantasticly rockin ' leppard-esque `` junkyard dog '' remain with me to this day . i skipped winger altogether until i read the reviews posted for iv . i thought i 'd give them a try , hoping this time a modernized winger would create a catchy yet serious side that held out through the whole album . sadly , iv falls into the same category as an english journalist once said of british cooking : `` fine preparation , but desperately in need of spice . '' the musicmanship is top notch as are kip 's vocals , the latter of which remain strong and with the same great range he 's always had . but where did the great riffs go ? iv is a softly bubbling pot of an album . there are no songs that really make your ears perk and demand a 2nd or 3rd listen before moving on . conspicuous by their absense are any lasting , ear-grabbing riffs to pull you in and demand you jam along . sorry to say , it 's an album of well-crafted filler
the first song is okay ... the rest are incredible boring . this album is completely unoriginal . i regret buying it .
the first x-men movie was fantastic . the second movie sent chills down my spine and was even better . this third movie was absolute trash and i will never buy it
if you enjoy a good , tightly plotted thriller -- read something else . this flabby , clunky and completely unbelievable story labors to its silly ending wheezing and gasping like an overweight commuter trying to catch the 8:45 . all of the characters are two dimensional and if you do n't figure out the ending hundreds of pages before it arrives you are unconscious .
it 's very nice to go back to those exciting years with this dvd , but they could have done a better job with the image digitalization . there is much better image quality bootleg dvd 's out there with virtually the same content . i think fans deserve the best for the money they spend and unfortunately , this is not the case .
when the gore looks like fruit roll-ups and that liquid candy . then it really sucks . no this movie is beyond sucks . fake-butt explosions and everything . come on now give me a break
i love destiny 's child ... but this cd ... big disappointment . the best songs on the entire cd were probably lose my breath , cater <NUM> u and girl ... big disappointment ... i just wasnt feeling the cd when i bought it ..
i found this book a truly disapointment ! ! when i started the book , the story of abby and lucian was so intense , so passionate that i thought i was going to love it . then the book advances to this days with the story of declan and lena , and it was ugelly disapointing ! ! they do n't have anything in commun with abby and lucian ! ! lena and declan , they do n't work as a couple in love ; to me they was no chemestry or anything between them . i only read the book till the end because i wanted to know how it was going to end with abby and lucian , but that too was a little beyond what i thought it was going to be , they deserv a better ending , i do n't now how but that was not what i expected !
i was bored - really bored , which is why i picked this book to read from the free book trade shelves at work . it has a good basic story but is so formulaic that i was able to predict the ending after the second or third chapter . being a medical professional , it was difficult to read about procedures that are outdated now and remember when they were cutting edge . perhaps it 's also a bit scary to remember those i 've worked with in the past who have had the same narcissistic outlooks . i think i 'll pass up the other books by dr. cook that i have not read as of yet . this is the second one of his that , in my opinion , bombed miserably
i dislike writing negative reviews but i 'll make another exception here . my wife showed me this book one lazy saturday afternoon in a local bookstore . `` i want you to look at this . it was such a good idea but he messed it up so badly . '' this book should have developed real conjecture on the emotional lives of farm animals . it could have been a serious discussion of what we understand about animal emotions both positive and negative . it would have demonstrated how the natural farming movement has the potential to revolutionize animal husbandry and improve farm animal living conditions . should have , could have , would have ... it did n't . he apparantly intuits emotions from these creatures who at the very least do not speak his language and at the most are experiencing very different emotions than the ones he describes . doubtless he is gifted with superhuman intuitive ability from his years of analytic training ; us mere mortals would be unable to consistantly reproduce his observations . ( as a brief example look at the emphasis on eye expressions despite a lack of evidence for any real facial expression translatability across species lines . urban readers can not readily observe farm animals to verify this so i 'd suggest a trip to the local zoo to test my counter assertion . there , the most casual observer can see that a broad , friendly human smile will send an entire cagefull of monkeys into conniptions . why ? because many species of simians translate 'smile ' as 'teeth-baring dominence display ' . ) nevertheless i rated this book <NUM> stars instead of one , as there were a few interesting anectdotes interspersed amongst the verbage . ( edited to add a note about trembling cows . ) cows tremble when they are annoyed by flies . having no hands their first line of defence is their tail , but flies often land on shoulders and other body parts out of its limited reach . they tremble , shaking their skin to dislodge the pests . they shake their heads , sometimes violently . their eyes roll and they sometimes look like they 're going to fall over . i suppose it is convenient for the writer of this book that flies congregate where cows are penned together but more so that people have forgotten the <NUM> year old story of io , hera and zeus .
yes the game has been missing the constant songs about drugs , girls , cars and jewelery . i tell you juelz really came with an original formula with this album . the stuff he mentions on this one has never been said before and juelz is an innovator as well as the rest of the dipset . lol ! ! ! ! these guys listen to other peoples albums and just reiterate the same stuff in a different song and beat . save your money
i love bone , but you got ta admit this album is terrible . bad beats , bad rhymes the whole nine yards . it seems like bone went from thug to corny and thats coming from a true bone fan . a truly wack cd put out by one of the best rap groups of all time .
` anything else ' reminds me of woody allen 's earlier masterpiece ` annie hall ' in more than one way - a love romance in new york city , an aspiring comic writer , funny one-liners , jazz songs , and most of all , the choice of the hero/heroine who might or might not leave the city . the difference is that ` anything else ' does n't achieve the level of humor and pathos of ` annie hall . ' perhaps the film 's soulless touch might reflect allen 's own feelings about the city and filmmaking itself these days , and also explain this strangely weariness of the film that is very disappointing . jason biggs plays allen 's alter ego , young comedy writer jerry who really wants to write a serious novel . he struggles to make his dream come true for all this incompetent agent harvey ( danny devito ) and his frigid girlfriend amanda ( christina ricci ) who refuses to sleep with him ( for six months ) . perhaps some viewers would find these characters unlikely or worse , unlikable - and jerry and amanda are all living in a nice , clean room together in new york city , and afford to hear diane krall singing and stay in a hotel ( single room , $ <NUM> ) - well while we are watching these annoying and implausible characters , another irritating person arrives . it is amanda 's mom paula ( stockard channing ) , who 'tries ' something new ( here white powder ) ... like in 'annie hall . ' this formula of vintage woody allen comedy with eccentric characters might have worked in the 70s and 80s . actually , there are some funny jokes from allen himself , playing jerry 's mentor david dobel , but the film itself , especially the first part , is slow and boring . fast and snappy dialogues are not to be found , and the character of ricci , who fails to show the charm of a real coquette , is only irritating . actually , the casting itself is the real problem . jason biggs is not convincing as struggling jewish writer , and neither is ricci as whimsical heroine . i know it is too much to expect from them the chemistry between allen and diane keaton , and what is more embarrassing is that ricci is seen prowling in her underwear , as if compensate the lack of that credibility of romance . ` anything else ' is definitely not meant for those who are going to watch woody allen films for the first time - in that case , he or she would never come back again -- nor for his devoted fans , who prefer his films with romance , humor , wit , and insightful observation about life . it took nearly three years for the film to be released in japan where i watched it , and now i know the reason for the delayed release
i just finished watching das boot . to even draw comparisons between these two movies is absolutely ridiculous . where das boot is a gripping human tale of the tragedy of war , u-571 is just more hollywood tripe . if you just want 'splosions and escapism , i guess u-571 does the trick . if you want a realistic sub movie that will haunt you for many nights to come , go with das boot
the story is great , and even educational . asimov 's science and visual settings are excellent and , well , fantastic . but the characters were painfully cliche . perhaps they were n't when the book was written , but they certainly are now . you have your main character : a tall , strong , and dashingly handsome take-charge guy of infinite courage . and your sidekick ( pretty much ) : a beautiful , young , intelligent woman who wants only to be respected for her intellect and not her perfect body and flowing hair . the dialogue between these characters is ludicrous at best , and takes up a depressingly large amount of the novel . y'know - him constantly hitting on her in a rather pushy way , and her constantly deflecting his come-ons with a secret physical attraction for him . and yes , his heroic strength saves her more than once . and , of course , they get together in the end . i respect asimov tremendously , but this book was like lucas ' episode iii : a great story with a horrendous script and characters . and also like episode iii , i finished it trying to convince myself that i liked it , but was pretty much just annoyed that i gave it the time that i did
how can a best-selling author like simon winchester take an event as exciting as the san francisco earthquake of <NUM> and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest ? one answer : write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases . another : strive to break the record for most clich ? s in a single paragraph . finally : write about events in <NUM> as if no one but simon winchester had ever before thought about their consequences -- thus , everything in this tedious narrative becomes about simon . simon and the raccoons ; simon on the failing american economy ; simon attempting to reproduce american accents . this is a cd set for avoiding
when i saw so-so actioner 'belly of the beast , ' i thought steven seagal was well on the way to his 'comeback , ' finally realizing that authentic-looking martial arts actions are what gave him the stardom , which is however fading away very fast . now i saw this film , and know i was terribly wrong . his next film 'out of reach ' is a huge letdown , probably the final nail in the coffin . do n't get me wrong , i really like his films made in the 90s , like 'under siege ' action-packed escapism entertainment . in 'out of reach ' steven seagal plays one billy ray lancing , an ex-agent living in the wilds of canada , where he finds injured animals and bring them to health . yet another embironmentally conscious hero from seagal , but ... does n't he see that these social messages have nothing to do with making good action films ? add to that , billy ray exchanges letters with a little girl irena living in an orphanage in poland . when it is reported that she is missing , and a nasty businee of 'human traffic ' is suspected , he travels there incognito , secures a help from the local policewoman ( while he has no id ) , speaks a bit of french , and hits a pc keyboard like a pro , better than a polish technichian , to restore a secretly recorded image . we meet a hissable baddie ( matt schultz ) , but anyway we are sure seagal will win , because he has taught the little girl how to decode the 'cyphers ' ( and check out how she uses it , a scene which makes unexpectedly hilarious 'you- got ta -be-kiddin ' 0moment ) . so , how about the fact-moving kicking and chopping , once seagal 's trademark ? no , these thrilling martial arts actions are gone forever in this new film . you just do n't have actions in 'out of reach . ' as i counted them , well , in the first <NUM> minutes of 'out of reach ' you can see only two action set-pieces : in one , seagal 's hero billy breaks a few arms and legs of the unkind government agents ( about <NUM> seconds ) , and much later billy smashes the glass of hotel bathroom and drops an assassin onto a parked car ( another <NUM> seconds ) . that 's it , that 's all . there are more actions to come , obligatory shoot-outs and sword fights , but not enough to call 'out of reach ' an action film . the pace is terribly tedious , the images ( when at night ) are too dark , and worst of all , not only seagal but slmost all the polish cast sleepwalk in the pedestrian story . little girl looks bored while she is supposed to be in danger . finally , about director po-chih leong ( fairly good in jude law 's brooding thriller with a vampire theme 'the immortal ' ) who is the least likely choice in seagal 's entire filmography to succeed in staging exciting actions , and the results turned out as we feared . the slow-paced story is sleep-inducing , and what little action bits in the film are amateurish at best , with poorly-constructed shots in which fast editing attempts to conceal seagal is no longer moving his bodies like he used to do .
i never really noticed the soundtrack when watching this show on television but i love the show so was a little surprised when purchasing the album that all the non sound bite tracks are american country music songs . ca n't say i 'm much of a fan of american country music so was just a bit disappointed . i think a great inclusion on this album though is the sound bites from all the leading housewife characters on this show and this alone is worth the price of the cd . was also disappointed that danny elfman 's desperate housewives theme is not a separate track and ridiculously has some hidden track attached to it . the desperate housewives theme goes for 0:44 seconds then you have a break of silence for a while but still on the same track before at 1:01 a terribly sung summary of the tv show mentioning wisteria lane over and over again follows for a minute and twenty seconds . what ligic was there in not making this a separate track ? you would then be able to memory it out on your stereo . i like listening to tv themes and i find this just ruins that track because you need to be near your stereo to press skip after 0:44 seconds . this cd is worth purchasing for the sound bites alone but i guess if you 're just buying it for the theme song you 'll have to wait for some other new tv theme compilation album to get the theme song on its own . this album also comes with an excellent cover insert booklet with lots of great pictures of characters and scenes from the show .
this supposed 'language lab ' is very poorly designed . the dvd consists of images of items with a nursery rhyme or poem being recited in another language . the amazing thing is that the item shown has no relation to the words being spoken ! it might as well be completely random sounds , since anyone who has studied child language acquisition knows that babies learn from making observations of language used in context . while i understand that supposedly this dvd is only intended to 'stimulate ' the brain , by six months , a baby 's brain has developed specifically to hone in on the sounds presented in his own native language , and to selectively ignore others . the brain continues to prune and forge neural networks in response to sounds from the language spoken in the home , thus the idea that random speech sounds are somehow beneficially stiumlating is invalid . a baby 's brain becomes stimulated by the sounds that appear repeatedly in his own language . habituation and imaging studies have shown this time and time again . imagine if the baby 's brain gave equal attention to any sound -- the brain would waste valuable time and resources on information that would not be useful in learning to communicate with his caretakers . we acquire langauge so rapidly because the brain is selective . babies depend heavily on repitition , adult modeling , observing cause and effect , and from watching other people 's behaviors to learn language . the idea that your child with learn anything from just hearing forgien language sounds out of context is very silly . if you want your child to learn language sounds and words from a language not spoken in the home , try exposing him to another language speaker on a routine basis , or show him programs like dora or sesame street , where there is lots of explicit context to help a baby infer meaning , clear annunciation , and repition .
i gave this book to <NUM> participants in an innovative leadership training class as a pre-reading exercise . they gave it back to me because of the following reasons : the layout is difficult to follow , you need a glossary to keep up with the acronyms . and what exactly is the point here
its a good thing i downloaded this for free . because aint no way in hell i 'd buy it
watched the movie on dvd , loved it so much i immediately got on-line and bought the soundtrack . one of the things i liked about the movie is the juxtaposition of ballroom music and hiphop . the soundtrack for this movie about ballroom dancing does not have a single track of the ballroom music on it ! what 's up with that ?
it 's a good cd , but it 's not nearly as good as what solas has done so far . they came to portland a few weeks ago , but before i bought my tickets to the show i bought this cd . i listened to it , and was dissapointed . i decided to not go to the show , and i 'm a big irish music fan ! it 's too bad karen left the band , because she really had a charming voice and sytle , but i have to say this new lady ( i have n't even checked to see who she is ! ) is just not as much fun as karen . she can sing , that 's for sure , but so can a lot of people ! the band 's instrumental dance sets are more of the same , but i have to admit i 'm getting a bit tired of the guitarist 's chunky style . i did notice that the fiddler has got a bit wilder , which is great . overall , if you are a diehard solas fan , you 'd like to own this cd . if you 're a fan of good irish music , you probably wont listen to this cd more than a few times
i tried reading it , and made it about 3-4 pages . i 'm pretty sure that 's a bad sign . i seem to recall mr. sedaris writing about his mother 's bedpan or something . the impression i instantly got was `` beep beep ! pretentious young writer peddling so-called bad childhood experiences for fame , money and sympathy . '' guess what , mr. sedaris ? i do n't give a ( expletive deleted ) about your so-called bad childhood . millions of people have bad childhoods and do n't play the sympathy card . check out augusten burrough 's books , they manage to have humor and touching moments without this kind of pretentious style .
because some of them are repeat motion picture pedophiles , of a sort ; or they exhibit repeat youth stalking and posturing behaviors indicating a suggestive or manipulative inducement scam of industrially applied psychological warfare to goad uninformed youth imprinting boobytraps . that is the subject of this semiotic critical study . you know where the exit is if you 're not up for it . voting buttons are for political circuses , state your own case and leave others unmolested . the first amendment is ratified ; it is not up for repeal . enter : there is no more need for obsequiously flattering supplications to a menace lurking in our communities , nor the hundredth re-written version of a content synopsis -- those forms of reviewing anything are pass mental laziness playing right into a trap . there is no such thing as an american idol or icon or celebrity worship . there is commerce , enticement , inducement and stupidity ; and absolutely no curriculum allowed in the schools dealing with the subject of anti-commercial thinking skills for intellectual self preservation and defense . if leni rifle'nall , subsequent to the destruction of european fascism and its motion picture cameras , had to work under cover still trying to cast the ideological mold for society in the socialistic-fascist agenda , she 'd probably be pushed into film projects that use stories and situations in juxtaposition to target children and other sore nerves like mother 's and kidnapping ... ` the forgotten . ' and she 'd probably be in a position of unannounced executive , overriding film directorate to even suggest such crypto-fascists titles ; or what would convert into having the ear of those controlling the pool of her pre-selected film scripts and directors in whatever kulture of mass entertainment media manufacture . poor animation , bereft of ideas and recycling a lunatic zoo escapade from earlier motion picture non-greatness ; for the purpose of catholic bashing and youth corruption . ecstatic performances are actually religion related catharsis , for motion picture redundancy it only amounts to acting out the most , screaming , shouting the most , being the most behaviorally intimating of instability or violence -- that whole center of attention , infant terrible prestige and again , involving a ` childish fascination with aircraft ' , motorcycles , airlines like in ` the forgotten ' , childhood affectations of wealth , intellect and power . what about this latest ripoff of the movie 'dog day afternoon ' , also having to import limes and posture a sublime disrespect for black law enforcement as being at no recognizable ` pay grade ' ? that 's an awfully irritating display of arrogance too , and saying that robbing banks and shooting people is determined solely by the ripe attitude ` because i can ' . the public only sees another rotten lime , ( tv 's `` hell 's kitchen '' ) , in a marvelous artistic achievement for public good , peace and civility -- let 's give her a hand , to retirement . bait unrest , bait contempt , weaken morale , trigger something , anything . it can still get them while they 're young and dumb ; ai n't that right columbine ? after school special animation fantasy ? what is the correct genre for this film ? because it did n't work and whatever interesting acting ( at least ) there might 've been , it 's probably a tool for creating the next cipher army of cybernetic john hinkleys . was it on the larry king interview there was rumor of a film titled ` amanda plummer ' ? or was that a decidedly misleading invention to hide the catholic bash in ` the secret lives of altar boys ? ' well , we 've heard about the scandal surrounding the secret lives of alter boys , but maybe we do n't really appreciate how secret their associations can be . i guess a substantial career in propaganda speaks for itself and only provides test cases for subversion analysis in hazardous media , appliances of mass population psychological operations . and that is actually more entertaining that viewing any movie completely prone to its presumptive spin-aplomb . it is n't a big , important celebrity ; it is n't a big exciting new picture release ; it is n't even a story or film making , it is a method of conditioned response inducement ... for statistical confidence interval estimator ... neurolinguistic , demographic psychometric programming -- exotically scientific and childishly deviant . that 's probably all that the master kulture ultra section of military intelligence , or `` mi '' ever amounted to -- the hubris of hitler 's photography harlot , and no doubt whole schools of socialistic engineering , just like that childish fascination with aircraft raid on the national budget , absolutely every infernal contraption to stroke the ego of super-genius design engineers with all sorts of flight plan ( s ) . what next , with tens of thousands of high school students failing their graduation exams in every state , not just california ; wo n't the white ethnic esteem have but few historic priding tokens to defend its ` superiority ' ? wo n't the college republicans at utah state university toy with students of international and family origins due to their non-anglo ethnic and language attributes , by inviting them to write an essay justifying scholarship monies set aside for them ? of course this is happening in america . it appears the trustees of the edifice have abandoned their little writing-contest darlings at usu , and then encourage them to slander and humiliate people of color in lily white logan utah . sociologically , the roots of cinematic agitation for white aggression can always be traced back to the weakness to not examine the fault that lies within the self , and not others ; to spurn the so called ` immigrants ' and question the need to recognize their languages , or to complain about the provisions they have made for their children 's education . motion pictures plied to a chronic genre of population demoralization are an indicator of national subversion for political agendas . when they manipulate a context of youth development , they are also trying to strike at more susceptible , programmable victims . glamorization of violence , mayhem , crime-spree destruction is no more acceptable in video gaming entertainment that they are at the movies , ( it 's been done till it 's being overdone sticks out like the sore thumb it is ) . boycott such movies , burn your copy of them instead of the flag for the evening news cameras ; be more critically selective of the means to protest so that it does n't ring hollow . procure movie bills , big and fancy , and symbolically destroy them , even make movies of those effigies and put them on the web . fight back . evict the deliriously self infatuated , patrician media cast and all its pseudo sophisticated , mundane messages of inhumanity . they are destroying america , any way they can .
i first read clavell 's shogun when i was twelve years and it sparked within me a life long interest in east-asian culture . in many ways he helped bring me to japan , where i have lived for a total of eight years . however after reading his works for many years , i was quite bored with gaijin , which i never finished . i perused through the book looking for interesting points but found little . his messages in his other works were repetitive in this one . amongst them are his criticisms of western culture through an asian perspective . i grew tired of hearing how sexually repressed white-anglo-saxon-protestants are when compared to their asian counter-parts , and thought my reading time was too precious to sit through another lengthy reading of how east meets west . some of my friends in japan have read gaijin and liked it ; but after owing so much to this writer , i am sorry that i could not say more of this work .
it really does n't appeal to me . but if you like them that is your opinion . i 'm not going to say your stupid for liking them because your different from me . but i just feel that there is way to much cursing for my liking i mean the creativity here is not very high i just feel you could use better words . but i mean the measure of a man is not how many girls you slept with . i mean that is how you lose money on child support . sex has never been the most important thing in life . honestly though i mean you just ca n't see these guys rapping about these same things when they 're <NUM> right cause that is wrong . i mean why be interested in a group of rappers that in <NUM> years probably wont be making music anymore let alone still be together
as a long fan of stargate sg-1 , why wait so long for season <NUM> to be released only for short segments to have been removed from the episodes ? are the customers being sold future syndicated versions of these episodes ? i must say , i 'm not pleased . mgm , sony , fox and amazon , what 's up
this cd was supposed to be soft , easy music that would help you go to sleep . i did go to sleep almost immediately but not because of the music -- i was just very tired . however , the music actually woke me up a couple of times when it got just a little louder . maybe it 's me , but i did n't find this product to do as promised .
firstly , how many of the people that have bought this album heard a track or two on the radio ? maybe you saw him on tv ? maybe you bought it because it 's 'cool ' to like this kind of music at the moment ? that 's right , you probably listen to any kind of music ( no matter the quality ) that has been forced down your throat repeatedly . james blunt ( and many other mainstream acts ) represent what is wrong with the world today . most people do n't five a f * * k about music when it comes down to it , and are quite happy to listen to what is paraded in front of them . i urge you ( if you 've read this far ) , to try and find music yourself . distance yourself from the media machine - you might just be suprised . as for this album : it 's completely derivative , with every element done <NUM> times better <NUM> thirty years ago . james blunt has a terrible voice - the comparisons to a cat being strangled mentioned elsewhere are accurate , although it sounds like the cat is also passing out razors . the songs are dull and predictable , the 'emotions ' having been well planned out in an a+r meeting at the record company . yet this album is extremely popular and acclaimed by many . a sad state of affairs indeed ...
i am going against the grain here but can anyone explain how this story can take so long to tell . trying to enjoy the majority of american authors , hawthornes works have not be an easy go . though admittedly not a fan of hawthornes full length works , his short stores can be enjoyable . but a book that begins with <NUM> pages of 'the custom house ' , before the story even begins , is already very dull . i , like many other people , was forced to read this work for a sophomore literature class . that was <NUM> years ago and i still remember thinking what a moderately entertaining short story this would have made . in its form , its unbearable .
when mike & the mechanics ushered in the ` madchester ' scene with the living years it was only a matter of time before these jokers attempted to jump on the bandwagon . if you want to be adored you should write some decent songs lads ! verdict : do n't waste your money .
biggest piece of pretentious ( ... ) i 've seen in a long long time ! ! ! it 's all very autobiographical about this really `` cool '' and `` talented '' actress anna battista who is adored by her public and so wants to get into directing . daria nicolodi plays anna 's mother . ( who else ? ) and asia is shown as nude as can be involved in a handful of sex scenes that are at times bordering on the harder side of softcore ( all of course in the interest of `` honesty '' ) . and that 's about the only good thing that can be said about the movie . the film just screams `` me ! me ! me ! '' pity that not everyone who is director , writer and actor in one is automatically an orson welles . prior to the start we even have a clip of asia advising us that we probably heard already how bad the film is , but that it really is very good ( should n't that be up to the viewer to decide ? ? ? ) and that it had saved her life blah blah . this movie has - hands on stomach - some of most pathetic and amateurish performances i have seen in quite some time . it so wants to be arty , hip and experimental and is even shot in three different languages : english , italian and french . i would have actually preferred if the english parts had also been subtitled as i really have n't got a clue what ms argento was mumbling most of the time . in actual fact this ended up being the first dvd where i completely gave up on following the director 's commentary : i had to really crank up the sound on it , and still found it hard to hear what she had to say ( contentwise : very little anyway ) . for someone who is supposed to be such an expressive actress , asia simply has the most boring , dull and expressionless voice i have ever heard recorded . i was never the biggest asia argento fan , but after watching this flick my respect for her dropped to new lows . this lady has one of the biggest egos in the biz , with unfortunately very little talent or trace of humour to boost and is an utter moron full of pseudo-intellectual pretensions .
i was exposed to this book in what i think is the most unfortunate way possible , it was read to my child in her public school kindergarten class . i was stunned and emotional when she came home and told me her teacher told her that a candy cane was a j for jesus , and that the red stripes were his blood , and if she loved jesus the white would wash it away . my child is five years old , and was disturbed by the whole thing . this book has no part of the christmas story in it , and the tasteless metaphor of it is impossible for a young child to understand . the illustration is graphic and also not age appropriate . the only good that has come from this absurd destruction of an innocent holiday treat is that now i am even more communicative and vigilant about my child 's education and exposure , even in the school i trust with my child 's life and well-being
ok first off i love radiohead -pablo honey up through the electronic swarms of kid a , as well as the avant-garde amnesiac . so i guess i am confused why i dont like this ... it 's boring ? it 's like white bread , flat and blah ... and with no real substance ? thom is n't covering any new territory here lyrically , or melodically . the electronics do n't supplement his voice either ... each song opens with inessential spastic ticking of naked techno beats ... then a layer more or two before thom chimes in with a droning melody that sounds like he 's dragging his feet over routine tones . i 'm left understimulated and quite unimpressed . i even question thom 's concept of quality ... surely he knew that this was subpar ... nevertheless it was packaged , shipped and is displayed on shelves at the right eye level to lure dollars- all because of name recognition . we learned our lesson with george w. bush , let 's not relive it in the vein of cult music . if only i had an eraser , that i could wipe this disappointment from my memory
a high-school kid could make up a better story . watch out for the liger ! part lion part tige
i love the firm workouts , and i love the instructor allie , so i was so excited to try this new workout . i was unfortunately extremely disappointed . this workout was not complicated , but it also was n't much of a workout . i did n't get my heart rate up at all , and did n't break a sweat . some of the moves are just not very good , and having to repeat them everytime we add on got really annoying . the disco part was my favorite , but overall , this is a workout that i can honestly say i would rather have the money then the workout . i will keep it and periodically do it on a very light day or in addition to another workout , but that 's just because i have it . i 've tried a couple other of the new firm workouts that are more worth the money ... this one i am sad to say is not .
first off , i love dan rather . he 's a wonderful , passionate man whom i love to watch on the news . the problem is , he 's not a writer . not a very good one at least . this book is a noble attempt , but there is just so much that 's wrong with it . for one thing , there is just some bad writing in it . it has a lot of errors in fact and a lot of typos . among others , he writes that texas a & m university ( rather than texas tech ) is in lubbock , and he says that ryne sandberg in in the baseball hall of fame ( he just should be soon ) . there is also bad grammar ( this is beyond the texas colloquialisms in the book which i think are fine-i 'm a texan myself ) . these are fairly small problems , but they are oftly annoying , and they are not good signs in a book written by a journalist who 's supposed to report facts . furthermore , he just has few narrative talents , at least not those required for a book . he tells the stories as a journalist on headline news would -- concise , to the point , and without much flavor . they 're just there ; the reader is rarely drawn in . the most glaring flaw , though , is that there are a lot of flaws in logic in the book . for instance , one of the stories is about a ten-year-old boy who realizes that many of the underpriveleged at his school can not afford school supplies , so he works together an organization that collects and disperses those needed supplies . this is all obviously a good thing . but then , rather relates a joke told by the boy 's mother who said she needed to haul the school supplies around so she `` traded in [ her ] lexus for a durango , and now [ she 's ] getting a yukon because the durango is n't big enough . '' my problem is the huge contrast here . on one hand , there are all of these kids lacking necessities and the heroes who are helping them are laughing about purchasing one expensive suv after another for themselves . how is this inequality emblematic of the american dream ? how does this book manage to lament the rising poverty rates and terrible living conditions and still manage to promote excessive materialism ? there are some people in the book who are praised for having overcome hardship to make millions ( some of them stepping on other people 's heads to do so ) and others who are praised for having given up millions to help those in need . frankly , these two `` ideals '' do n't go together . nevertheless , these people , according to rather , have all attained the american dream . there are a lot of contradicting ideas expressed in these stories . furthermore , i do n't really think rather has a great concept of what the american dream is . when sister sylvia schmidt founds a homeless shelter in tulsa , ok , i do n't think she is following the american dream . i think she 's following dreams that go far beyond the american dream , and i think she 's rejecting the prevalent , primarily materialistic , concept of the american dream of today 's society . i 'm giving the book two stars because i like dan rather , and because some of the stories were rather inspiring . neverthess , it 's not a good book . i will continue to watch dan rather on tv , but i 'm quite sure i wo n't read a book by him again
the book is written about an empire in the future . i 'm not really sure why asimov thought that the future galaxy would be ruled by an emporer , which is a dying system of government , instead of a democratic republic . i know this is nit-picking , but i did n't like this book . apparently , the future can be predicted with a high degree of accuracy using math and statistics . anyone who works as a mathematician or statistician , as i do , knows that it 's difficult to predict what 's going to happen in anyone 's life tomorrow , much less the entire world <NUM> to <NUM> years into the future using statistics . this book is intellectual worship , which is something i ca n't stand . intellectual worship is when people think they are intellecually superior to everyone else , so feel they should rule over everyone else , if only you would listen to them . this idea drips off the page as event after event is predicted by some really smart dude . this smart dude predicted a collapse of civilization and treated it as inevitable . another idea that 's patently absurd- that any event that occurs is inevitable . if this guy was so smart as to predict , with a high degree of accuracy , the downfall of civilization , and the rising of a new one , along with the traumatic events this new civilization would go through , why was n't he smart enough to avert the downfall of the original civilization . surely , with his predictive ability people would listen to him , but he decides to let it crumble for whatever reason . and asimov is a mediocre writer . the story is only moderately interesting because no character really gets developed . i read this book because as a sci-fi fan , i felt obligated
i have read several of nicholas sparks ' books , but this one was different for me . it was a very very slow start . i was more than <NUM> pages into it before i got interested in the plot . i had even considered quitting reading it at times . it ended up being an okay story , but nothing that i could n't have lived without reading . what i did enjoy is the way mr. sparks writes about male characters in the romantic way women wish men really were . i would suggest another read from mr. sparks like `` the notebook '' or `` the wedding '' if you want a good romantic read .
get `` universe by design '' by danny faulkner or `` starlight and time '' by russell humphreys
my husband and i were very disappointed with this dvd set . one dvd contains an `` action documentary '' with music - we did not like that dvd . we thought the second instructional dvd is mediocre and might be helpful if you are a complete novice . the treatment of subjects is in our opinion pretty superficial overall . there is little breakdown of technique . there is minimal race footage , which is helpful to watch to learn by watching experts . parts of the footage seemed recycled - we heard very similar discussions about ski wax in the separate `` tuning '' and `` equipment primer '' sections . you can not watch the dvds straight through as they dump you back into a main menu after you complete a scene . so you must frequently fiddle with the controls to select scenes to watch . that feature is helpful if you want to access scenes easily perhaps but we did not like it . i am not usually a complainer but we were so disappointed with this set that i wanted to put up a review .
whore . '' cheap trick fans should check it out
i watched the film in the theater when it came out , was very disappointed in all the inaccuracies . trying to `` entertain '' / educate people on a subject matter so serious with a plot so ludicrous is irresponsible at best . the pet dog was cute but also unrealistic . the book `` the gold crew '' had a more believable plot . having served on a few ballistic missile submarines , i find it an insult to the crews of the boats especially to the captains and officers . it 's understandable why the navy refused to bless this . by placing there seal of approval on this film they would be saying it could happen , which it could n't as depicted . too much control and too many people in the loop to allow it . from november <NUM> , 1960-may <NUM> , <NUM> . the navy completed <NUM> deterrent patrols which roughly equates to <NUM> years of combined ship service on alert ready to launch . and there still out there boring holes in the water
over the years , i have tried in vain to purchase the `` real '' original version .. yes , donny osmond is decent and all .. i grew up watching him and his family on tv .. but concerning this title , they try to pass off the various versions on this site and in stores as `` the original version '' .. it 's not ... i have the `` real '' original version on vinyl .. i 've been looking to replace it on cd .. the `` real '' original has been way overshadowed , if not completely forgotten , by the various versions over the years with cast after different cast .. the `` real '' original was actually recorded and released in <NUM> ( `` after '' jesus christ superstar ( <NUM> ) , not before it ) .. it was performed by the joseph consortium , on scepter records , and had a black cover with a small litho-drawing of joseph in a white and gold coat .. the front of the cover had a `` flap '' that opened up and told about the album .. the `` real '' original version blows all these versions out of the water .. i know because i bought them all , in hopes that one `` was '' the real version .. i give up .. if anyone has a cassette version or a cd performed by the joseph consortium ( the `` real '' original version ) and want to part with it , leave a message here and hopefully we can hook up and work something out .. here 's to hoping .. thanks ..
whats the song called and who is it sung by when brian pulls up to the cafe where mia works , its like a little italian/ spanish love song , plz plz tell me i love it an cant find it
while this book covers all of his works , it does n't cover any of them in any depth . each chapter is mostly an incomplete synopsis of the plot , followed by an very abbreviated analysis . the analyses are shallow and vary greatly in their acumen .
poor ray milland gets caught up in a wacko murder plot and illicit love affair in this overrated film noir from director john farrow , who is best remembered for directing second-rate movies and siring a second-rate actress . even charles laughton is dull here !
why would anyone bother to read this when there is the lonely planet guide available ? this is in my opinion a vastly inferior guide when compared not just to lonely planet but to many of the others available , it lacks organisation and detail
to quote him , ( in the new issue of revolver magazine ) , he said ... `` i call it crap ! it really disgusts me when it starts creeping into heavy metal . mozart once said 'music is melody ; melody is music . ' talking into a microphone over a drum machine is n't musical ! rap has no melody , so it 's not music . it is completely an utterly devoid of any talent . i 'm repulsed the media glorifies it so much . '' you 're <NUM> % correct man , keep up the good work . for good rap , listen to ice-t and public enemy . for good music in general , listen to yngwie malmsteen 's solo work
joe misses the mark with this one . in fact , this album does n't compare to his others even remotely . maybe he thought he was doing what was popular , or maybe he just wanted something different , but , to me , this album sounds like video game audio . if you want some real joe , buy surfing with the alien , flying in a blue dream , the extremist and/or is there love in space
the low-point in the great man 's career , the book shows little feel for rock and roll and its hippy messiah of a protagonist is almost as embarrassing as jim morrison himself was . the lyrics are especially awful and the whole thing seems dated - like most genuine late 60s / early 70s rock . de lillo went on to much , much greater things , which is what you should read instead
i used to be a big pink 's fan . i loved her first cd . it was the only cd i listened to for <NUM> months straight . then , her second cd came out . it was a big disappointment . something in her style changed , which i did not like . but i still faithfully purchased this cd , hoping that she would put out some good music . but i seriously regretted buying the cd . i guess now pink is famous , she gets to decide what direction she wants her music to go . obviously , she is always been a punk rock chic deep down inside . now i realized that the style in her first cd was n't really who she was . it was just something that her record company put her in so that she could be accepted by the general mass . now pink has millsions of faithful fans , she can care less about being accpeted . she takes off her mask and we see this rocker girl . some people love her more , some people like her less . i belong to the latter group . the music in this cd is mostly rock with a little bit pop beat . if that 's what you like , buy this cd . purple_garde
as expected , anything coming from victor ostrovsky will be negative and against israel . the book is filled with real events , which the author dramatically changed and turned israel responsible for them . no wonder this book is banned in israel . in fact , because of the ban , many people believe that this book has true accounts of mossad activities . true , the book gets interesting , but the author 's motive to run down the israel for everything happening around the world spoils it . this book is a perfect example of blaming a country and its intelligence agency for your own mistakes . i absolutely agree with j . a magill 's review , this book has no credible source of information , except the fact that ostrovsky once worked for mossad . vindictiveness is the word behind this book . absolutely one sided , and nothing to prove what author says . all i can say is that i want my money and most importantly my time back . i doubt if i can have either .
i got these cds based on some reviews , but i can not take the singing . there are far too many little kids singing , and the adults are no better . it is way too gimmicky . if you want just traditional songs sung nicely , this is not the set for you ! i am going to copy the songs i like and make my own cd - i think there are maybe <NUM> songs per cd i 'll use ! bad
attempting difficult poses , even modified versions , is a sure-fire way to discourage beginners from the practice , or make them feel inadequate , which is not what yoga should cultivate . even as an intermediate yoga practicioner , i did not like this tape , primarily because it throws you into the difficult poses without first generating sufficient heat in the body . the warm-up poses are minimal , static , and do not prepare your body sufficiently for the extensions and compressions of the advanced postures that follow . besides all that , the instruction goes from excrutiating detail to not enough information ( you have to break concentration and look to see what 's going on ) in the course of a single series of poses . very frustrating . as if that were n't bad enough , the instructor 's amazing flexibility is about the only inspiring aspect of the tape ; her monotone delivery and the spare studio setting with no students make for a no fun experience
i have to tap into my memory banks to recall a more repulsive film . i came up with `` i spit on your grave '' . director-star melvin van peebles has the audacity to pawn off his nihilistic fantasies as wish fullfilment for the black population as a whole . there were a lot of artistic triumphs to emerge from so-called `` black expoitation '' genre and this is not one of them . this collage of violently misogynistic images can be attributed to the auteur himself . the film starts with van peebles exploiting his son mario by showing the adolescent servicing a prostitute . the film goes downward from there . van peebles directorial style is hackneyed and the acting is amateur hour . do n't be fooled into thinking this is some sort of landmark film . it 's unadulterated [ ...
it is pretty general , there is no such thing as advice or anything the like about practices.he insists in almost every chapter that the mission is the most important thing.the only intersting ideas in his book are some about leadership , but i felt very much that i already knew them , he only confirmed them.this is not to say i am a genius.i am <NUM> , so i guess if you are involved in running a nonprofit for more than one year , you would be able to write a better book . for a beginner it might be intersting to get it from the library , and read it in a train or so . not bad , but getting a book on leadership , and other one on marketing is a much better idea
as a big proponent of a manned mission to mars , i looked forward to reading this book . while baxter 's characters showed a lot of promise , the slow pace of the story and lack of any possible conflict failed to keep my interest
i would have given this film <NUM> stars if possible . this film was long , boring , and painful to watch . if you like jane austen films or other bbc period films , do not be deceived by this one ; it is nothing like those types of films
i bought the dvd with this artwork out of a dollar bin and i got what i paid for . the image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality . this must have been taken from a 16mm print . it may be that this film is in public domain , so it may be difficult to find a decent quality dvd . there are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other dvd issues . note : amazon seems to spread these reviews across dvds of the same title , so you may see this review under multiple dvd releases of `` meet john doe '' . the poor quality dvd that i bought has a cover that looked like this : [ ...
i too was misled by these reviews , and i too am puzzled by the apparently sincere expressions of enthusiasm for this movie . maybe you have to be italian or lithuanian , but i watch a lot of real italian movies ( the ones with subtitles ) , and they are not like this . i think that dreyfus 's character was inconsistent . he acted like a sleaze , and then he acted like a great guy , totally sincere , etc . then he acted like a sleaze , flattering people , snowing them with gifts , etc . i simply think the screenwriter was trying for something he could n't bring off . similarly with the movie as a whole . this is not simply a feel-good family , although obviously the screenwriter was trying to paint such a family . there needed to be more interaction than the stereotyped hugs and such . something was missing . also , the story went nowhere . there was no plot , and very little story , and it lasted a long , long time . and the movie had nothing else to offer a viewer . i would say , be very , very careful before buying this movie . i do n't think it was overlooked . i think it was looked at and turned down .
this book starts out telling of the sack of rome and grabbing the reader 's attention . it 's all down hill from there . the next third of the book is a long drawn out build up with very little of the book actually dedicated to the finale of the build up . the there is this a bit of drawn out rambling that leads into a sudden ending of the book . it was almost as if the writer either got tired of writing and gave up , or she just did n't know how to end it , so she just ended it . i was highly disappointed .
these guys sound pretty good , but they need to lose the kazoo player
i loved `` my so-called life '' and was expecting something good here , based on all these reviews . but the soap opera advertisements they stuck on the beginning of these dvds were a bad omen . still , i hung in and hoped for the best . i was sitting there watching and really wondering `` do people really relate to this stuff ? '' the characters on this show look like they 're from jc penney catalogs , or ivory soap commercials . white bread , sanitary , vapid ... thankfully all the people i know in real life are a million times more interesting than these fake people . this show makes me hope that i never have the bad fortune to make eyes with some guy in a parking lot and start dating him . the kids on this show are cute , but all kids are cute . nothing can save them or the adult characters or anyone from the extremely boring writing . i am sooooo glad that the world is nothing like how it 's portrayed on this show . never again ! !
johnny , what happened ? a very whimpy john prine , not the `` sam stone '' biting commentary i remember when . i bought this thinking i 'd give prine another chance . unless he turns around on that road he 's starting down , it 'll be the last chance i give him
in a time when reformed theology is on the rise , pinnock and his co-authors seek to provide an arminian understanding of scripture . however , the book is strewn with problems . the authors claim that god 's love trumps other attributes like holiness and justice , but they give no scriptural support . their arguments are based simply on our western sense of fairness . they make such appeals because they believe our moral sense reflects truth , instead of recognizing our fallen nature . in addition , they advocate `` making peace with the culture of modernity '' ( <NUM> ) . instead of letting god 's word shape our thinking , they allow our lost culture to shape our view of god 's word . the result is a presentation of a weak , helpless god . in fact , the authors state `` it is more important for god to give himself to his creation than to rule the world or to be worshipped '' ( <NUM> ) . he is described not as ruling , but as `` limited by humanity '' ( <NUM> ) , vulnerable , and `` the defenseless superior power '' ( <NUM> ) . the book has weak , humanistic argumentation , little scriptural support , and a harsh tone toward those who embrace reformed views , views said to be `` theologically repugnant '' ( <NUM> ) . do not waste your time with this book . while there are legitimate differences between arminian and calvinistic views and a place for dialogue , this book does not give dialogue but instead gives unsubstantiated claims that leave you with a helpless god not in control and not worthy of worship . in case you do not know , the editor of this book embraces the view that god does not know the future .
in many ways a relic of its era , `` not of this earth '' is the first widely distributed release by joe satriani ( a previous ep ended up being reissued as part of `` time machine '' , years later ) . the guitarist , supported by drummer jeff campitelli and percussionist john cuniberti came into public attention when steve vai , a former student of satriani , ended up singing his teacher 's praises in the music press . the result is that this album , more than likely to have been lost in the shuffle of instrumental rock music , received wider recognition and poised satriani to explode into a bonafide celebrity on his next record . the album itself is a bit uneven -- satriani is a flawlessly brilliant guitarist , but as a songwriter , he was n't quite ready . several pieces ( `` not of this earth '' , `` hordes of locusts '' ) seem to run out of steam before they end , and a couple ( `` the snake '' , `` driving at night '' ) feel like bad '80s metal . on the other hand , several pieces shine -- delicate and lovely `` rubina '' , reggaeish and emotionally soaked `` memories '' , and the overtly frippesque `` new day '' are all fine examples of what satriani is capable of . but my favorite is probably `` brother john '' , where satriani abandons all his effects and performs his delicate and bubbly melody cleantone . in the end , the album is ok , but satriani would go on to do so much more interesting in the future . come back to this one if you 've picked up a bunch of other stuff and are looking for more , but most should start with `` surfing with the alien ''
unfortunately i did n't read the reviews below before i bought this dvd . it 's a travesty of the dvd medium . perhaps fox lorber took the story of the movie too seriously : they 've produced a disk with the picture and sound quality of a bootlegged copy . do n't waste your money on it
i loved angel heart . i ordered the unrated ( x ) version from a seller who works with amazon . i received the r rated version . i then ordered the special edition from amazon directly which stated it was the unrated version . however , it was also rated r. it looks like i will have to buy it here locally . the movie was excellent and i would recommend it to anyone . if you are going to buy it from either a seller or amazon , make sure you are getting the correct version
this book was entertaining , but ... there is only one 19-page chapter dedicated to the problem of `` inappropriate elimination '' ( peeing/pooping in the wrong place ) , even though the author himself describes it as `` the number one behavior problem '' . he says `` no other problem causes so much grief and leads them so often to consider the final solution of euthanasia '' . i want to ask the author : given that , do n't you think most people are buying the book for that reason and you should have dedicated more time to this topic ? ? ? the stories in that chapter did not contain any revelations for me - his examples all had fairly obvious causes and were easy to fix , such as the owner changed the litter box , boyfriend moved in , owner had <NUM> litter boxes for <NUM> cats , or the cat is doing it out of anxiety and responds nicely to medication ( lucky them ) . throughout the book , i wish he had spent less time making cute anecdotes and more time detailing possible effective interventions
if you like punk , you 'll hate this garbage . a total mess , and not in a good way . throw any copies you find laying around in the trash and be done with it
being a huge fan of sandra bullock , i bought this movie thinking it would be fun and cute like her other work . nope , this movie is garbage . first thing i noticed was that the sound quality is extremely poor which goes along hand in hand with the poor camera angles and shoots . the acting is very bad and the story line is simply ridiculous . over all , it 's not a movie worth buying .
wack rhymes make me puke via my ear canal . that 's how wack paul wall is . after i have eaten a full meal and listened to paul wall , my dinner is regurgitated through my ears . i am sooooooooooo tired of these garbage rappers polluting the airwaves with garbage . this guy would n't know lyrical content if i slapped him with a mos def cd
i bought one of these cd 's many years ago and found out the hard way . what a joke and a ripoff . no original artists and nowhere on the cd does it say this . i never bought another one .
hello , i think that robin gibb , this making the ridicule . that he sings their songs like soloist and do n't try to imitate the voice of barry . that it hurts that robin , this destroying the great called myth : bee gees . armando lobos chil
it 's a good basic overview , but the errors in the code snips are just too frustrating . i bought it because it was recently published ( <NUM> ) . but trying to get pear to work ( db.php has been superseded by mdb2.php ) and even the simple form were exercises in futility . if you do use it get an amp package ( google : uniform server ) and skip the install section . you 'd think o'reilly could include and amp stack on a cd in the book and use that <NUM> pages for another exercis
naw , jean-claude could have done this movie by himself . rodman needs to stick to basketball
overacted . boring . horrible movie . the only likable character was cat .
i probably would have never read this book had i not received it as a gift . however i am a fan of the occult and unexplained phenomenon , so i gave it a shot . the book is entertaining ; if only for the fact that her assertions about things like crop circles , the pyramids , and atlantis are outlandish and fanciful . her research is morbidly flawed , she sites several websites , and never bothers to site any credible references . it 's important to note that the book has no bibliography . many of her conclusions are a result of information received from her spirit guide francine , and it occurred to me many times while reading this book that perhaps sylvia should take what francine has to say with a grain of salt . the book is rather light on content . she tackles several `` secrets & mysteries '' , however only dedicates a few pages to each . her chapter on alien abductions is barely three pages long . for someone really looking to delve into unexplained phenomenon , there are plenty of books out there which explore these things in much greater detail and with more credibility . but if the book happens to fall into your hands , you might as well read it . it 's good for some chuckles . ( of course , it 's not supposed to be funny .
this book does not include plates of birds that are included in peterson field guides from western north america , eastern north america or texas . so , unless you have their guide books memorized for these locations , the mexico guide book is basically useless . alternatively , you could buy all four books ( eastern na , western na , texas , and mexico ) and carry them all with you . or you could just purchase a different , stand-alone guide book with plates of the most or all of the birds in the region .
i got this as both a book and an audio file . i had waited to read it and was surprised by both the enthusiasm of the content and its author , but also by how he snuck in some odd biblically unsound thoughts ( e.g. , i gasped when he suggested christ went to hell ... what bible passage evidences this ? ) . i agree with how he suggests the enemy is out to deceive us and keep us asleep ... but wonder if i go further how much more eldredge will slip in of his own peculiar biblical misintrepretations . where were his editors when this was being written ? why take sensible good sections and mar them with oddities ? i havent read all the reviews here but as one of those `` conservatives '' frequently mentioned in them i have to admit i may not even finish this book for fear of what else eldredge has slipped up on . i did appreciate his story about daniel and the `` delayed '' angel ... but am left wondering if i need go deeper into researching that as possible misintepretation too . what a shame this book is turning into such a questionable venture for me . we are at war as the author suggests and we must guard the source material well .. the bible well . so far ... i may join others and ditch this valiant attempt to energize christians and return to the word itself . i wonder if i can get a refund
in the past few months , i have gotten super into all of devendra 's other works , and was excited for another little delicious surprise like the others when i first picked this album up . oh , what a dissapointment i was in for . the album does not carry through it 's energy as many of banhart 's other albums do so well . also , having already heard many other versions of the same songs that are on here on his split album with jana hunter , i found these to be much more dull , and did not carry forward their emotion in the way that the other recordings do . that being said , devendra is always quite alright , if not wonderful . i find his voice to be entirely charming , and he is generally a very talented song writer . so , the moral ? if you could n't really get into this recording , please do n't give up on devendra yet . i highly recommend `` cripple crow '' , his split album with jana hunter , and , if you are into music that is slightly more raw , `` the black babies '' , which is my personal favorite
i would call this the musical equivalent of the worst of abstract art . there are those that `` appreciate '' unintelligable works for fear of being thought stupid if they do n't . . . just as the emporer 's subjects `` ooh '' ed and `` ah '' ed in admiration of his clothing as he paraded naked in front of them
some of the reacher novels -- such as the killing floor -- have been incredibly good , but i was genuinely disappointed in this one . the author describes reacher as heroic , a loner , etc. , but instead he should write in such a way that we reach these insights without being told . phrases , such as `` back in the day , '' get repeated much too often . reacher has become a caricature of himself
i dont normally slate films but this one was asking for it so bad . omg- it saddens me to think the director got paid for this . please someone- write & direct a good film for van damme- he deserves better than this ..
too bad i can not give turbulence no stars . this movie is just filled with way too many things that just stretch even the most liberal imaginations well past the limits of reality ! the whole movie just does not work . the fbi agents are too easily overcome and out smarted by a self professed genius serial killer whose one dimensional actions make his iq seem incredibly average to me . rather than being very smart the serial killer seemed a self absorbed slob who is overly impressed with his own lame exploits . the rest of the airplane passengers seem like fawns or sheep . logic suggests when transporting a dangerous horde of hardened criminals the crew would be a select group of individuals hand picked for their skill at dealing with a plane full of diseased brilliant minded malefactors . the plot is obviously concocted to introduce fawn like ladies and foppish men into the mix so the audience has a heightened thrill factor . problem is the other non-law enforcement passengers seem inserted into the plot for no good reason other than their role as pawns to be used by the serial killer to drag an otherwise painfully predictable lifeless story along to its all too formulaic end . also the christmas lights festooned all over the plane when you are carrying hardcore prisoners is so over the top that you must wonder what the heck were the writers thinking . most hardcore prisoners are quite intelligent and could certainly turn all those dangling christmas lights to their advantage in some vile criminal way . no fbi agent or corrections officer worth his or her salt would let a prisoner set foot in a plane that had so many opportunities for prisoners to escape their direct care custody and control . also the most glaring flaw in turbulence occurs when even the most basic tenants of maintaining care custody and control of violent malignant inmates were overlooked again and again . the plane skimming over buildings through rooftops into structures was just plain stupid . while most tall buildings roof top garden rooms and associated elements are lightly constructed they must stand up to high winds . add that buildings the plane was scraping had mechanical equipment towers where strong girders and supports reside that should have broken the plane up or at least damaged it more than was shown . it is like the writers of turbulence were a bunch of college drama students drunk and totally detached from reality got challenged to come up with a disaster thriller plot . drama for drama 's sake without any plausible relationship to reality is not thrilling or action adventure it is just disjointed stupid garbage . turbulence is just garbage to watch when you have time to waste . if you want real suspense on a plane get air force one . turbulence is an invitation to take a round trip to and from palooka-ville , the plane has plenty of seats available but who cares ! . this turbulence is just a bumpy ride that leaves you feeling sick . i can think of better ways to spend time .
man ! this movie is soooooo boring . i literally slept through this movie . if i die not having watched it again ill be happy . i dont even know what its about cuz i watched it when i was like <NUM> yrs . old , but i dont care cuz just thinkin bout it makes me wan na cr
first , i should remind you , dear reader , that since italics , boldface type , and underlines ca n't be used in these kind of reviews , i have to use one capital letter in some mid-sentence words to slightly stress them and use all capitals to stress other words even more ! anyway , one star on this review is one star too many to give this album and band . i received this album as a gift for my birthday while i was on the other side of the country . i 'd never even heard of this band until then , much less any of their songs by pure and simple osmosis . when i finally got around to taking it out of the wrapping and putting it into the cd player of my car on the way to work and back , i was not impressed with the opening song , nor the second , nor the third , etcetera , and so on , and so forth ... i kept wondering if this coma-inducing drone ( interrupted only by the screaming of the word `` nothing '' at least <NUM> times at the end of the first song ) was some kind of tactical build-up by the band so they could eventually break out a song that made them at least somewhat big ( much less a hit ) to start the party . you know the kind of song i mean , do n't you , dear reader ? i mean the kind of song that makes you think `` whoa ! who 's this ? ! '' because it has a either a great opening , or a great first line or four , or at least something to grab your attention within the first minute , like ani difranco 's song `` out of range '' would do in less than <NUM> seconds . anyway , many extremely torturous minutes later , the 9th song came along ( ironically for me , it 's called `` wishful thinking '' ) and i honestly could n't take anymore of this drivel ! i gave this band a whole nine tries to make something that at least resembles an impression and all i got was only slightly less musical boredom as when i did when i once tried to listen to the only bad album i currently know by tangerine dream : `` zeit '' . that album , by the way , was basically four 20-minute bits of what seemed like people in an orchestra tuning up their instruments and eventually matching one single note with each other before the conductor starts a symphony you never get to hear . as i said , this album is only a micrometer less boring . i honestly can not understand how anyone who scouts for the music industry could have happened along this sorry excuse for a band and thought to themselves `` wow ! these guys are on fire ! i must get them to the studio and p.r . them immediately ! ! '' let me put it this way , dear reader : remember that song `` next time i fall in love '' by peter cetera and amy grant back in the mid to late <NUM> 's ? in comparison to the so-called songs on this album , that cutesy ballad will sound more intense and energetic than `` paranoid '' by black sabbath . maybe wilco got their record contract by winning a contest of who could bore an audience the quickest . oh , and if you 're wondering to yourself , `` oh yeah ? well , let 's see this guy ( as in me ) make a better album ! '' i already have made a better album and i 'll gladly show it to you . leave me a response to this review if you want that proof . aaaaaannnnnd ... cut ! that 's a wrap
this book really puts into perspective the way disney handles its affairs , especially relating to merchandising their name . i appreciate carl hiaasen 's humor and point of view . and he is right when he points out that people tend to trust the disney name no matter what
this is truly a disappointing book . it starts incredibly slowly and i found it very hard to become interested in the plot . another disappointment is koontz 's recycling of elements from other novels : ( <NUM> ) plucky , highly intelligent disabled girl ( the young female protagonist in `` the hideaway '' had almost identical deformities and personality ) , ( <NUM> ) devoted , super-powered canine companions , ( <NUM> ) bad guys driving around in ultra pimped-out rvs , and ( <NUM> ) evil bioethicists . the leilani character is patently ridiculous . she conveniently has a genius iq , but that does not make the absurdly adult manner in which she speaks any more believable . i found it so disconcerting as to detract from the plot . koontz clearly has trouble writing for children , and this book is no exception . almost all the children featured in his books are either autistic/mr or genius wunderkinds ; the latter , however , does not justify his habit of making smart children talk like genius adults . dean heaps the hardships on poor leilani , with all the subtlety of an episode of walker , texas ranger . in case you miss the anvils , you are supposed to really , really like her and fear for her safety . i do n't know how or where dean koontz learned about bioethics , but he has a terribly misguided view of the field , taking an extreme sect of it to represent the main viewpoint of the field . further , he states multiple times that these eugenic bioethics principles are being taught to medical students at major universities ( who will have to pay for their involvement with evil bioethics ) -- as a medical student , i can assure you that this is patently untrue . that koontz could be so off-base on a topic that directly relates to the central motive is disconcerting and makes an already weak book even harder to swallow . the final issue is koontz 's near-deification of dogs , particularly golden retrievers , which is a common motif in his more recent works . it is ridiculous and unintentionally funny to an almost painful degree . his obsession with dogs and their mystical powers borders on the psychotic ( and i like dogs ) . this novel probably features the most egregious example of koontz 's tendency to create overly sappy , sugary-sweet endings . dean koontz has written many books better than this one . spend your money on one of his stronger efforts
this is authentic , classic , timeless poo . hot and fresh from the gut ! ! !
i bought this album because i liked her version of underdog victorious on mountain stage in winter <NUM> . i was disappointed with the version of underdog victorious on this album . her singing on the mountain stage show seemed more energetic and heartfelt whereas this album version seemed flat in comparison . the album in general just sounds like a really young sheryl crow
i was so moved when i first watched hedwig that i bought the dvd , soundtrack and broadway soundtrack . what a masterful bit of writing and performance ; just astonishing . after i listened to this tribute , i just could n't write a positive review . the magic and emotion is not there . the feeling is gone . i know this review is short , but not much really needs to be said other than : save your money and buy the original
women in love is a well acted film mostly about people who are difficult to like doing things difficult to approve . to its great credit this ken russell film is faithful to the d. h. lawrence novel upon which it is based
alright , here goes the first intelligent low rating this album has recieved . no i 'm not some christian preaching to you , i 'm actually a fan of manson . i think the lyrics on this album are pretty good , but mediocre music . my main problem with this album is the fact that it is a total rip-off of david bowie . let 's look at the man himself . manson wears contacts to make it look like he has two different colored eyes , while bowie actually has two different eyes . with ziggy stardust , bowie 's image became androgynous , just as manson 's always has been . now let 's look at the actual albums of ziggy and antichrist . they both tell the story of a self-destructive unearthly rock and roll superstar . manson 's shock rock symbol even bears a strong resemblance to the ziggy lightning bolt . and this all comes from a man constantly preaching individualiry , while making an idol of himself , and slamming other artists for ripping him off . and then he put out mechanical animals , an exact replica of ziggy stardust , and ironically enough it 's what made him truly famous . i just think it 's a little hypocritical . check out holy wood . it is much better lyrically and musically , and far more original . the other thing that really pisses me off is the vocal department . a lot of fans are saying his voice is underated , but i hate to say , he really ca n't sing . watch the guns god and government tour and see how he really sounds . all he 's basically good for are his writing skills ..
midnight syndicate wants to be a lot , i guess . it wants to be dark and scary , but they 're more like a graphic vampie novel , you can admire the technique but you do n't really get involved . the images they produce remain a bit plastic , static , with an overdose of well-known themes . twenty one short tracks , too short really , are offered here , with a not-all-to-believable-and-scary voice talking : `` born of the night , they lurk in the shadows ... gargoyles of living stone , lost souls who wander mist shrouded cemetaries , and vampires who dwell deep within forbidden crypts ... creatures of the night , they arise as darkness descends ... '' can lines about things that hide in the dark be even more cheesy ? then some strings are touched like guiter wires and this sounds rather good . a heavy churchbell starts humming , dark but single layered ambient creeps in . but it 's all still too obvious , and more and more i get the feeling this is some sort of `` starters kit for gothic fans '' . you want effective , deeply seeded dark ambient that really knocks the light out of you , try `` within the depths of silence & phormations '' by raison d'etre or any of lustmord 's solo albums `` heresy '' or `` the place where the black stars hang '' . but of course , giants in the dark ambient world like lustmord or raison d'etre do n't really mess with vampires and gargoyles and bombastic electronic sounding choirpulp . and because of this , there will still be an audience for an act like midnight syndicate . i just hope that m.s . will evolve more , make less tracks , and the ones they do make , should be stretched out more , giving them a chance to get more layered and filled with more depth than they are now . track three , the title track , offers a truely menacing piano tune , but because the composers do n't seem to know what to do with it , they just keep on repeating it . and after a short three minutes the track is over . and `` corny humming number four '' starts . so what ?
i thought this movie was absolutely awful.it is one of the worst movie 's i have seen in quite a while.you keep waiting for the movie to get interesting , but it never does.i do n't recommend this movie , especially not to a guy , he would be bored out of his mind by this one
when i was buying this , i did not know much about muddy 's or wolf 's discography , and i did n't bother reading any reviews . in fact , i first thought it might be muddy 's own original cd called `` muddy and the wolf '' for some strange reason . it is n't . half of this cd is muddy waters , and the other half is howlin ' wolf . this is not a collaboration either . this is some of the material taken from muddy 's highly acclaimed fathers and sons cd and some of the material taken from wolf 's london sessions and basically glued together into one incomplete disc . if you think you want a * sample * of either man 's style , this is probably a bad place to start because it only represents muddy late in his career doing electrical blues and wolf in a once-in-a-lifetime collaboration with the british rockers in london . not a typical sample of each man 's career at all . i do own wolf 's london sessions and find them interesting material , but they are not by any means a true representation of the bluesman that wolf was . as for muddy , you 'd do much better just getting his fathers and sons cd . save your money here
i have read `` into thin air '' and watched the discovery channel series on mt . everest , so i received this dvd with great anticipation . however , my excitement dissolved quickly due to the cheesy music , awful special effects , lack of drama , and poor landscape visuals . i was completely bored . it was a waste of <NUM> minutes
the title is misleading . this is a collection of new wave renditions of traditional songs . unless you are a new wave fan , it may drive you nuts . new wave adults may love it . my baby payed little attention in contrast to babygenius ' & quot ; favorite nursery rhymes & quot ; which clearly draws his interest and smiles
after seeing feet of flames , lotd and riverdance , other shows are hard-pressed to even come close to the adrenalizing delivery of the aforementioned productions . one of the main characters in the show , an older gent , walks around the stage throughout the production which starts out as simply awkward because everyone around him is dancing and he 's pretty much a statue . it eventually becomes flat out annoying because in a show full of irish dancers , he does nothing but grimace and stand around . it 's unfortunate the talents of jean butler and colin dunne came up with something as weak as dodg . you watch each number with disappointment hoping the next will turn things around but it never happens . the story had potential but this show becomes nothing more than soda without the fizz . no wonder it died financially and never reached the states
you know a film is bad when you ca n't even finish watching it . <NUM> . russians do n't fly f-16s or northrop tigersharks <NUM> . used airial combat scenes from top gun , navy seals and iron eagle . <NUM> . used ground explosions from iron eagle <NUM> . specop forces do n't manuever around like they are playing on a paintball range . <NUM> . editing was horrid ( airial cut scenes from films that take place in the middle eastern desert then jumps to what look like pennsylvania woods ) <NUM> . acting was so bad i started to chuckle at the cheesey lines and delivery . <NUM> . plot would be better suited for a computer game . <NUM> . captain of the 'uss oakla ' ( no such ships exists ) has a hat with ssn depicting his carrier 's class ; well ssn means the hull classification symbol used by the united states navy for an attack submarine that is propelled by nuclear energy , such as the los angeles-class of attack submarines . this was as far as i got , about <NUM> minutes into the film . i 'm no critic and can enjoy a film for what it is but this was the most slapped together garbage i have ever seen
`` complete reference '' - i thought this would describe/explain the sql code that i need to use in my job . this book sits on my desk at work - for sql code , i get it from the internet
texas chainsaw massacre : the beginning ( jonathan liebesman , <NUM> ) in the documentary that serves as one of the dvd extras for texas chainsaw massacre : the beginning , a number of the movie 's connections talk repeatedly about how their goal for this movie was to push the envelope with the gore . one even says that the people who went to see hostel and the hills have eyes ( <NUM> ) will go to see this movie and expect the violence to be kicked up a notch . well , folks , i just saw the unrated version of your movie , and i 've only seen the rated version of hostel . and i hate to break it to you but , well , even cut by the censors , hostel blew you out of the water . for those who have been living in a cave for the past thirty-two years , a quick plot summary : there 's a very odd family living out in the middle of nowhere . when the main local business , a slaughterhouse , closed down , it took most of the population with it -- save this family . ( the fact that the slaughterhouse is still in operation in the original film , and there are neighbors in some of the original canon films , seems to have completely escaped screenwriter sheldon turner [ the longest yard ] . ) as with any tcm movie , there must be a batch of clueless teenagers , here two guys -- eric ( tru calling 's matthew bohmer ) , on his way back to vietnam , and his brother dean ( zerophilia 's taylor handley ) , who 's planning on ditching the war and heading for mexico -- and their girlfriends , bailey ( diora baird , recently of wedding crashers ) and chrissie ( the fast and the furious ' jordana brewster ) , respectively . there will also be a lot of revving chainsaws . now , i readily admit i 'm one of the people who did n't recognize the brilliance of tobe hooper 's original vision for a lot of years after i first saw the original film ( close to twenty , in fact ) -- thank you , dvd commentary , for pointing out so many things i 'd missed my first few times around . i 'm still not sure it deserves the classic status it has come up with since , but it 's a good , solid piece of work , groundbreaking for its time . there has n't been a single film , canonical or no , following it that 's lived up , but the straight remake marcus nispel popped out with a couple of years ago has been the best of a bad lot . unfortunately , it looks as if the sequels to the remake will have the same relative quality as the sequels to the original -- worse . the acting is wooden , the direction pedestrian , the special effects pretty good but nothing special . but what these guys were after , they tell us , was something really over the top . they were striving not to make a good movie , but to make the mother of all splatter films . and , quite simply , even within the hollywood machine , they were well upstaged by hostel before they even started filming . *
pauly `` the weasel '' shore stars as himself in this movie about well , himself as he goes threwout the movie , backtracking and tracking forward on how his career went down the drain . he had hit movies , son-in-law , encino man , in the army now , bio-dome and jury duty . he had a failed fox tv show and no one liked him anymore . he keeps bugging fellow actors to ask the director for a spot in their movie . anyway , shore gets a visit from the `` ghost of sam kinison '' and kinison tells him you 'll be famous if you 're dead . so , pauly shore fakes his own death and everyone mourns him , even his # <NUM> fan bucky ( w. earl brown ) but soon everyone finds out that he faked his death , so he goes to celebrity prison , everyone hates him . in prison , shore shacks up with todd bridges and has encounters with heidi fleiss , tommy lee and carlos gomez . soon , shore wants to be known as pauly shore the actor , not the weasel anymore . funny in a bunch of parts and cameos are scattershot as well ... some cameos include ben stiller , tom sizemore , michael madsen , britney spears , bill maher , paris and nicky hilton , fred durst , andy dick , mario lopez , carrot top , vince vaughn , rico suave , dustin diamond , charlie sheen , verne troyer , clint howard , sean penn , kurt loder , pamela anderson , dr. dre , whoopi goldberg , jason mewes , kato kaelin , snoop dogg , thommy chong , ja rule , chris rock , ellen degeneres , corey feldman , rick ducommmun , mark mcgrath , montell williams , perry ferrell , matt pinfield , taylor negron , jerry springer , adam sandler ( voice only ) and many others . deep down , the weasel fails to deliver the goods . pauly shore is dead , dies along the wa
just start reading the introduction , or flip to anywhere in this book to see all you need to know about it 's readability : a bit rough to say the least . for example , in the introduction , the concept of carrying binary data in a shorter period of time on a wire than several measured pulses was presented in such a confusing manner that i was forced to read it <NUM> times to understand what was already a simple and understood concept to me . the excessive formality of this book is a killer .. it reads at times like a formal mathematics proof book , however , at other times it is a bit more readable . like people said .. use this for reference .. not for a textbook
i 've been a fan of heinlein 's sf for just about as long as i 've been an sf fan at all ( somewhere around thirty-five years ) . but when i read this collection some twenty-odd years ago , it nearly turned me off to the old man altogether . the fiction is pretty good ( although even that is n't heinlein 's best ) . but to describe the nonfiction accurately , i 'd have to use words that amazon will remove from the review anyway . for the most part , the pieces collected here represent a side of heinlein i strongly dislike . though i respect _starship troopers_ , it 's never going to be my favorite heinlein novel no matter how many times we quibble over the precise definition of `` fascism '' -- and i 'm not going to have much respect for the nonfiction in this collection . and mind you , it 's not because i disagree with heinlein 's opinions ; it 's because he gave bad arguments for them and called other people nasty names when they differed . some of the stuff collected here is tendentious to the point of being propagandistic . ( at least in his fiction , he was able to create characters with points of view that differed from his and get into their heads well enough to present them sympathetically -- in short , to grok them . not here , boy . ) heinlein ( who bought into the korzybski/general semantics fad pretty early on ) spent a lot of years dismissing philosophers as tailchasers who derive their premises from their conclusions . but his own attempt at philosophy , as represented here in e.g . `` the pragmatics of patriotism '' , is very nearly the worst writing on ethical philosophy i 've ever seen . then , too , people who knew heinlein report that despite his overall gentlemanly demeanor , he could be pretty churlish toward people who disagreed with him . well , he 's certainly unpleasant here ; anybody who does n't agree with him on the need for massive nuclear buildup is dismissed as a poltroon or a custard-head . even in the unlikely event that i thought he were _right_ , i would n't find this a very helpful approach . perhaps more surprisingly , his popular writings on _science_ are n't very good . asimov 's reputation as the `` great explainer '' is in no danger here . this volume is second only to _grumbles from the grave_ in cementing heinlein 's posthumous reputation as a rather mean-spirited fellow whose fictional characters were generally much better company than he was . when i want heinleinian company , i 'll stick to d.b . davis , manuel garcia o'kelly davis , and ( maybe ) lazarus long . and when i want to read some humane nonfiction by an sf master , i 'll still turn to asimov . i credit heinlein with three magisterial novels , several imperfect-but-great ones , and a good number of brilliant short stories . but the stuff in this book should have stayed in his drawer
what on earth did everyone else read ? ! ? .... this book is n't even worth 0.1 of a star . it 's terrible ! i 'm pretty sure 20c mass produced romance novels are better than this drivel . i 'm not really a fan of historical fiction , but it was given to me as a present so i felt i had to read it . the 'plot ' is terrible . none of the characters have any depth or any real storyline . our protagonist , if you can call him that ; nicolas , only has one trick up his sleeve to `` plough '' his girls ... a tale about how a unicorn 's horn makes everything pure . he then sets about trying to sleep with basically any girl over <NUM> . there 's a bit of talk here and there about tapestries ... but i think a primary school course in art history can give you more meaningful information than this book . the story is complete nonsense and very poorly expressed and to be honest with you , i can not believe it ever got published , let alone sold and read .
i despise this . there is absoluetly no point of listening to this , for you are missing out on all of jonathan larsons creation- and it is n't fair to the listener or the creator . i woudl n't waste my money on this . if anything , give it as a present , or as sort of an introduction to rent , but bits and pieces of the magic just is wrong . even if it claims to be `` the best of rent '' - i disagree , the best of rent is jonathan larsons creation in its entirety
nothing rare here . just the same old hits recycled into a new package . i would have thought vh-1 would have dug up some unreleased tracks or remixes , but nope . you are better off buying `` the best of rick springfield '' -- it has all these songs and is also remastered
i bought this dvd set as a christmnas gift for my sister , who is a huge fan of the show . unfortunately , she never got a chance to fully enjoy it . we bought and returned this set twice . at least one of the dvd 's in both sets was defective . and even when we purchased this item in a retail store , we ran into the same problem . so , avoid purchasing this product . it looks like this is one of those items that has a chronic problem and the company that produces it does n't even have the decency to make a recall
dear sean , thanks for sending me your book `` deliver us from evil : defeating terrorism , despotism , and liberalism . '' before i put the book down and turn off my light and go to sleep i just wanted to dash off a quick letter to you so you could clarify a thing or two for me . let me get this straight . you 'd like to see all liberals vanish from the face of the american political system and have only conservative republicans running the show ... is that right ? hmm ... let me see , if my memory serves me right there were some political states or nations that did function for a while under a one party system . there was the soviet union 1917-1991 , fascist italy 1923-1945 , nazi germany 1933-1945 . those are three just off the top of my head . they did n't like liberalism either . well , sean i got to get going . i 'm sure i 'll write again soon . all my best , bill ps . remember , fanaticism is far from being fair and balanced
i ordered this book to give me some ideas and decorating tips , what i got are pictures of old flea market items , that have nothing to do with each other . did n't help a bit , and truthfully if it did n't cost so much to return , i 'd return it in a second
i like some avant garde filmmaking , in particular animation , ex . norman mclaren , harry smith . but i feel like these brakhage films are a farce of what an art film is supposed to be like . the filmmaker seems to take what he is doing so seriously that it goes into parody of an `` art '' film . i 've seen college level work and home movies that are more insightful and entertaining . i had the chance once to see stan brakhage live in new york to screen one of his newer films a few years back . it was a film he shot in vancouver of the beach , and , seriously , it was like watching somebody 's home movies of the beach . then afterwards he goes into a discussion about the film and how it represents him dealing with illness and life and death . he was so pretentious and full of himself i had to laugh . the emperor has no clothes
this is a kids book . first few had my attention but since then its getting worse with each book .
if you 're considering buying the peter smith `` edition '' of this book , note that it is not a new `` edition '' in hardcover but the vintage international edition rebound in red cloth , with the cover of said trade paperback glued onto the front . it looks like it 's been rebound for libraries , is the type of thing that 's usually not for sale to the general public ( . . . ) the book is well-rebound , and may still be worth it to you cormac mccarthy diehards out there -- it is for me , and ultimately i 'm just gon na keep the copy of it i bought , but it 's still quite disappointing . thought you deserved a warning , hope it came in time . mccarthy 's a great writer , of course -- feel a little guilty about the one-star , but it 's an issue of the edition , not the book
i bought this thinking that this would be fun and a decent workout , i tried it a few times but just couldnt get in to it . it go 's a bit fast but i know i could get used to it , but they have very big steps and they lung into it and i think it would be better if they work up to it i kept finding myself rewinding it to do the step corretly i dont realy strive for perfection i just want to do it some what right . there are better ones out there than this , but i think i am going to try it again cuz it wasnt so bad that i am going to quit it
i bought the panther edition of this book , and found it contained a great deal of useful information . however , i felt it did not serve well for a reference material for two reasons ... <NUM> . this book is huge . it needs to be perfect bound or made into two separate volumes . <NUM> . though the index is quite extensive , there is no way to adequately search the book for troubleshooting mac osx . both points would be obviated by the inclusion of a cd containing an ebook , preferably as a pdf . i reported this to the publisher , but apparently they disagree since this version does not include a disc . for this reason , i have decided not to purchase this book until future editions include this . i 'm writing this here in hopes that the publisher will read this , and act accordingly
this movie absolutely disgusted me ! it 's a hideous thinly disguised sado/masochist film . whoever produced the movie needs to get some help . way too much time was spent showing us the sexual details involved in these horrible murders as if the film maker savored the acts . it almost seemed like a porn film .
before i review , i 'd like to clear something up : i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie . i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim , ghost in the shell : standalone complex . i absolutely love that show , and so i figured eventually i 'd have to get around to seeing the movie , which i knew full well shares no connection with the show . they 're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name , ( which i have not read , so i do n't know which is more accurate ) but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way . there are many things i do n't like about this movie , the biggest being poor pacing . the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler , but that 's the biggest problem . there 's not really enough story to last a full-length feature , because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a <NUM> minute short . and since they did n't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes ( there are barely any , and they are n't very impressive for the most part ) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you wo n't understand more than <NUM> % of , and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we 're looking at either nothing , or a woman 's nipples . that 's not cinematic artistry , that 's being either lazy or perverted . the animation itself is n't even that good , especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only <NUM> years ago . it 's choppy , and there 's not really a whole lot of detail ( except when it comes to women 's nipples ) . looking at just the animation , if i did n't know better , i 'd have thought this movie was an ova from the <NUM> 's . the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell . it 's probably kind of like how i did n't see the <NUM> batman movie until years after i 'd been spoiled by batman the animated series , and could n't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman . everything about the tv series is superior to this movie : the animation , the stories , the character developement , the production values ... i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is . in short , if you 're you 're at all interested in the gits franchise , do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead . you 'll find a lot to love , but i ca n't say the same about the movie . my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex
what drugs do i need to take to make this sound good ? so many raved about this group so i bought a cd . big mistake , huge . i 'm such a sucker
the story-line is ok , even though some unlikely coincidences occur . but , the writing is very amateurish and full of grammatical , punctuation , and syntax errors ( among others ) . it was like slogging through quicksand to read it . the book must have been self-published because no editor would have let it go out with all the errors . a very good editor could make this an ok book , though not nearly the quality of susan kay 's . do n't buy it unless you are a phantom of the opera collector and just must have everything published
i can attest to the author 's views , because i too have precognition , telepathy , and remote viewing ability . for example , right now i see the author counting his income from the book and laughing at the gullibility of new age readers .
this should be titled lord of the dance not feet of flames . the two shows are almost identical . if youv ' e seen lord of the dance then you have seen feet of flames . there are a few minor changes here and there but basically the same stuff . my biggest gripe is that flatley seems way to full of himself in this one ! i mean he is so in love with himself its anoying ! i truely enjoyed his dancing in the original riverdance filmed in ireland , but id say after watching feet of flames he deserved getting bagged on by mike meyers ! ! ! the sensuality is bit more ramped up in this show , and it reminds me more of vegas show than anything else . can someone please knock some sense into flatley so he can fit his swelled up head through the door . that way i can go back to enjoying his dancing with out his puffed up ego
i must first say that the only reason that i 've given this book one star is because that 's the lowest amount that i could give it and bach 's lute suites are in the book and the book did n't fall apart . this book gives you no real performance notes , no true historical perspective of the music and how it should be interpreted , and the fingerings are adequate at best . as a teacher , and performer i can only recommend this book if the frank koonce bach book is out of print or you ca n't afford something else . shame on you ariel publ . and jerry willard
stinkish-i totally agree with you <NUM> % ! ! ! ! what was mattel thinking when they released this item ? some songs are ok , but `` hit me baby one more time ? '' that song is soooo old ! and so yesterday , by lip singer , hilary duff , is sooooo yesterday ! ! ! ! you got ta be desperate for music to actually buy this or want it.if you think that i am way wrong then include me in your review
i ca n't believe this band is still together because their music was never any good to begin with . i know so many friends who are such huge fans of this band and i ca n't figure out why anybody would want to listen to these guys because their music is so dull . motley crue is the kind of band where you can just take their record and just throw it in the garbage . the only reason why these guys got back together is because they needed the quick cash to pay off their debts . to their credit , at least they still have some fans left who will pay top dollar to see them perform live
this never rises above the slease and sexualy warped mind of mr. de palma . angie dickison 's shower scenes are just a sick joke like the whole movie . watch a hitchcock movie if you want a good thriller , and stay away from this junk ! !
this is the worst lp in recording history . the covers are embarassingly bad , and especially their cover of lou reed 's `` sweet jane '' which is down right hideous and i 'd be suprised if lou reed would n't beat the living daylights out of all three of these losers if he ever saw them . if you think grand funk railroad covering the stones ' `` gimmie shelter '' was ridiculous , that 's nothing ; this is far , far worse . as for their big hit single , `` smoking in the boys ' room '' here 's a newsflash : it 's a novelty song , nothing more . the rest of the songs are `` me wan na hump you '' caveman songs ineptly play that make bad company sound sophisticated . i 'm sorry cub koda died young , but there is a silver lining in that cloud : he 's not recording anymore . rated <NUM> star because zero was n't available . avoid at all costs . unless you want a ten dollar mini frisbee that comes with a jewel case
despite what the book title `` grammatically correct '' , this book is mostly about punctuation usages . grammar is limited to a thin , single chapter . there are not sufficient materials on grammar to alert you on incorrect usages , let alone correct them . i would recommend `` painless grammar '' over this title
this book was very disappointing , and quite frankly depressing for a new mother . my least favorite part was when the mother told the son you had better get here quick , and the image of him rocking what may be a dying mother was a little too much . there are sentimental stories , but this is just plain maudlin .
i bought this book while rushing through an airport terminal needing something to read on the plane . not one of my better decisions . very wordy , and the dialogue is so clipped and stilted it 's totally absurd -- reminds me of the way the cops talked in `` dragnet . '' we are talking zero development of characters . perhaps mr. woods feels he does n't need to give any depth to characters that he 's been writing about in previous books . well , he 's wrong . you basically just do n't care about these people . they are n't real , and they talk weird . not much action either , unless you count actions like : they got in the car ; they got in the boat ; they got in the plane . you get the picture . this is another case of a well-known author throwing something together so he can get it on the newsstand and rob you of your money . do n't fall into his trap like i did . there are a lot better books out there .
the main character of hospital sketches is nurse tribulation periwinkle . the book is about her experiences as a nurse at a washington d.c. hospital during the civil war . the theme is cheerful despite the wounded men . one man showed his gratitude for the way she helped him stay cheerful by offering `` i 've got a pair of earbobs and a handkerchief pin i 'm a-goin ' to give you '' ( alcott <NUM> ) . cheerfulness is shown when a nurse says , `` bless their hearts ... '' ( alcott <NUM> ) because she is so proud of the soldiers . the author makes everything more confusing than it has to be . for instance , `` as we quitted them , followed by grateful glances that lighted us to bed '' ( alcott <NUM> ) . she uses this sentence to say that people smiled at the nurses as they went to bed . she often switches from one subject to another without making any indication of it , leaving you confused . `` at the beginning of my reign , dumps and dismals prevailed '' ( alcott <NUM> ) . she says this while she is telling you about the breakfast she is eating . that has nothing to do with breakfast . she is unclear about what she is referring to . the main conflict does n't come until the end . she gets sick and needs to decide whether to keep on working there , or go home and try to get better . she decides to go home because her father says , `` come home . '' i think this book was poorly written , and i do n't recommend it to anyone
i 'm a big fan of disney movies , and sappy-ness does n't bother me , but this was off the scales corny . not much story , too much dancing around . kind of chilidish for grownups and hard for kids to understand some of it , as it 's mostly about politics , so it kind of gets lost in the middle . buddy ebsen , though , gives his usual stellar performance , and kurt russel and goldie hawn appear in the movie together and met on the set for the 1st time !
i was listening to water boil this morning . i preferred it to this album
gives many examples of weapons , most of which are useful . gives no/few examples of rings/armours/rods/staffs/shields does n't really think out a lot of the bonuses , also i question a lot of the penalties one has to take to use a legacy weapon . about the only table worth taking is 4-1 , or 4-2 . sure its a minus three to your saves , and a minus <NUM> to your attack power , and a whole slew of hp . the rest of them are so painful they are n't worth taking . also all the caster `` tables '' the ones your suppost to use if your a caster but losing caster levels and spell slots left and right does n't make any sense . no matter what feats and wizardry skills its not worth it . those could have been more thought out . also i question the fact that in some cases the lowest tables , a , d , and g. seem to be a lot better than the b , e and h tables just from the way they interact with things . i do fully agree that the top end capability you can add to your legacy item is quite powerful , the i table is filled with many useful things the you wish you could have picked two of them . what i wish/want was if they 're was some way to trade lower level slots to get you the capacity to get two i table skills . also some way to get either more or less slots if you take a less dangerous or more dangerous tables of the legacy grid . the rules for weapons and fighters/barbarians/paladins/rangers . are very well thought out and are very powerful . yet for anyone other class they need heavy modification to be workable . in a caster heavy campaign like the one i run and participate in its a very low value book
the answer is a big no ! after the first <NUM> minutes of this movie , which do n't get me wrong were quite awesome , the movie completely tanks at all levels . the movie was set in a mall , but did they use the mall to help them in any aspect of survival , no ! i read an interview with the director of this movie , and when asked about setting the movie in a mall , the director said that the mall was just a location and any other location would have worked just as fine . now look , when you 're using the title , `` dawn of the dead '' , you better remake it great , i mean really great . the followers of romero do not hand out free passes as easily as the gp . you know , i might not have had that big of a problem with this movie if the title were different . definately not when the same . if you want to see really good zombie movies , watch the original romero trilogy , <NUM> days later , the lucio fulci trilogy , or even the return of the living dead . heck , even the resident evil movies easily out did this stinker . do n't waste your time or money
i 've read and often re-read most every pj book and column ever written . i 've always liked this guy . i keep his books after i 've read them instead of taking them to the local used book store . `` on the wealth of nations '' did not work . honestly , it sort of skidded into a ditch and got stuck from page one . it reads like the meeting minutes of a local book club . it 's not so much pj , it 's the concept of taking possibly one of the country 's biggest early day doorstops of a read and then having a top-end writer in the 21st century translate it with some political satire and humor for spin and flavor .. it just does n't land . what may compound it all is that pj 's writing does n't have quite the sharp edges on it as it used to . age brings that on in all of us . pj hasnt quite hit the grumpy ol ' man part of his career yet . to take a book like the wealth of nations and do a think-tank review on it is asking a lot of any author with any style or talent . pj gave it a go but honestly , i yawned a lot
i am disappointed and i have n't even read it yet . if anything steve has written and quoted out of the book is correct then it is just another case of the blind leading the blind . please read his review and decide for yourself . i still plan to buy the book but as with everything else i will take it with a huge chunk of salt . sounds to me like the so called `` conservatives '' have just put out another book to `` unbiasedly '' support their positions and make it easier to swallow by the masses . there is no such thing as a conservative any more . if you want to get back to constitutional government , go check out the libertarian party and view their positions . they come the closest to truly supporting a government of the people , by the people and for the people . the rest of them are still just self serving and do n't want to let go of their power and your money . dan
this book is simply hideous , and if the rating system would let me give it zero stars i would do just that . the text will not enlighten you if you do not understand audio signal processing , and if you already do understand it , nothing will be added to your knowledge . the only thing worthwhile about the book is the table of contents , since it does act as an outline of the subjects you should know , in order , if you intend to learn about digital audio signal processing . following this table of contents as a guide , you should learn about psychoacoustics , digital signal processing in general , analysis & synthesis of sound , user interface methods , and finally effects specific to sound and compression methods if you wish to call yourself knowledgeable of audio signal processing . unfortunately , you will learn none of that from this book . instead , what you get is a sort of wandering novel consisting of the author 's memoirs and musings on signal processing subjects . there are virtually no instructive diagrams , no equations , no pseudocode , just page after page of conversational text . sure , i grant you that the author talks about subjects that i have not found in other texts , but that is part of the whole problem- he just chatters on incessantly about these subjects without being the least bit instructive . some authors who write useless texts at least include source code on their cd 's that partially make up for their lack of talent as writers/instructors . in this case you shall have no such luck . the code is one monolithic ball of lint so deeply entrenched in windows-specific mfc code that it is virtually impossible to unravel . there are no comments to speak of to enlighten you as to what is going on in any of the code . instead the reader will find comments such as `` i suggest somebody to fix that '' and `` saves typing later '' . if you do want to learn about digital audio processing , you might want to take a tip from the table of contents and start with psychoacoustics and pick up the excellent `` music , cognition , and computerized sound : an introduction to psychoacoustics '' by perry cook , which is good enough for self-study . for dsp for the music-centric reader , try `` a digital signal processing primer : with applications to digital audio and computer music '' by ken steiglitz- it is very instructive , has plenty of equations and diagrams , and reads like a novel . next , for analysis and synthesis of sound , find a copy of `` musical applications of microprocessors '' by hal chamberlain . it was written in <NUM> , but it is an excellent introduction to sound analysis and synthesis in general and has a very good section on digital filters specific to audio . these three volumes should get you on your way to saying you understand digital audio processing . if you are a more advanced reader , read the two excellent volumes by udo zolzer- `` digital audio signal processing '' and `` dafx '' - in that order .
patton oswalt is funny and my two stars is not because of his performance . it 's because of comedy central mangling the dvd version . the show was originally broadcast on comedy central , and as such it was cut down to about <NUM> minutes so it could fill a one-hour time slot with commercials . the dvd has the original show , and then in the bonus section , it has `` deleted scenes , '' which are the parts of the full-length concert that were cut for time . so , you can watch the time-edited show , or you can watch the out-of-context segments that were taken out . but what you ca n't do , and what i have to think any chimpanzee able to use sign language would know you would want to do , is see the original full-length show in its entirety . so , cheers for patton , boos for cc . i wo n't be buying the dvd and that 's why .
i bought this record i do n't know why . i heard a few tracks and thought it sounded ok. i listened to it once and it sounded so blase . i do n't really know what i expected . i have add so sometimes lyrics do n't really matter -- the rocking of the music does , which may be why i like jazz so much , because it does n't have words . neither here nor there . any way : and yes i know this is n't really much of a review : i think this is a record the casual observer may pick up for whatever reason and thrust aside . i think this is one that one must make a conscious effort to listen to and appreciate for what it is . first listenl -- not impressed . but give it a chance .
while the history of roger bacon was interesting and the other historic figures ( aristotle , soccrates , etal ) i was expecting more about the actual manuscript and how it was deciphered and those around that quest . instead the book spends over 2/3s relating stories of how various famous figures interacted , political climates and philosophies . this is nice background but it could have been shortened , in this reader 's humble opinion . if you want to know more about the manuscript , look to another book .
good old brad mehldau has once again shown that he can take any pleasant little tune and turn it into something ugly enough to have made alban berg wince . this is the kind of stuff that poseurs love to intellectualize about but no one actually wants to listen to . if bill evans had been immature , ignorant and narcissistic he would have been brad mehldau . do n't waste your money
the producer of this record does not kow reggae . buy willie 's other records , but skip this . buy any marley record instead . the stiff , uneasy rhythm section on this album would n't have made it as fifth stand-in for any proper reggae artist
i purchased the item listed below as a christmas present so it was not opened until now . the disc <NUM> shadow of the wolf has no data on it . asin : b000bpl2is price paid : $ 56.08 condition : new
i watched this movie and i have no idea what it was about . admittedly it had the usual post-modern , post-matrix action movie tropes , improbably gorgeous protagonists dressed in tight clothing doing impossible things ( i 'm a big fan of charlize theron in a sheer body suit ) , lots of explosions , a vast , behind the scenes conspiracy ( well , that 's kind of redundant , most conspiracies are 'behind the scenes ) run by evil bad guys and futuristic storm troopers who are so bad with their firearms that they make the imperial storm troopers in star wars look like marine snipers , but other than that what was this movie about ? it 's as if the producers decided to take a bunch of these tropes , throw them up against the wall , see what stuck and how they splattered and then make a movie from the messy results . what comes out is incoherent and impossible to understand . `` aeon flux '' is `` plan <NUM> from outer space '' with better looking actors and a huge production budget . well no , it 's not even that , say what you will about ed wood , he at least liked the movies he made and threw himself into them , but it 's doubtful that anyone involved in `` aeon flux '' viewed this incoherent mess as anything other than a paycheck , and it shows . save your money , in a few years this will be on showtime late at night as a replacement for `` beastmaster iii '' and if you 're up late you can watch it then
i think this book had a boring ending it ended as if it was a movie that was going to have a sequel to it . there was no point to the ending of the book . the only thing i liked about the book was that it showed that no matter what race anyone was they should get along . all in all this book did not interest me
while the characters of this story are engaging , there 's no follow through . you do n't really get an idea of what happens to people at the end . you are left to your own imagination for a lot of instances . i understand that it is christian fiction since it refers to numerous biblical quotes , but we really do n't get an idea of people 's faith . the people do n't really seem to have a relationship with god . i was truly disappointed
my son , husband , and i really do not like this dvd because ( unlike other baby einstein dvds ) this dvd is too focused on cheap looking computer animation . there are very few puppet scenes , and the ones they have are pretty quick and lack much depth . the music is pretty bad , too . i prefer the music of baby mozart or baby beethoven . this sounded synthetic and computer-generated , not `` real . '' i found this dvd to be boring and could n't keep my attention or that of my son . my son ( <NUM> months ) ca n't watch this entire dvd . he gets very bored and sick of the monotonous sign language instructions ( which take up most of the dvd and are pretty fast in pace ) . i was underwhelmed and wish i had n't purchased this dvd . it is not like previous be dvds . i suggest baby mcdonald , baby da vinci , or baby mozart to those who wish to purchase a be dvd .
i love this movie . i had it on video but wanted to up grade it to dvd
$ <NUM> for a b-movie slasher flick ! ? you people are on some serious drugs
this movie is nothing but a copy of the australian movie `` the adventures of pricilla , queen of the desert '' . typical ! ! ! just like the original english bbc series of `` the office '' which was copied and remade in the usa . stop stealing ideas from other countries
since we really do n't have much to go on as far as factual historical accounts of alexander , we can only surmise our image of him from what little there is written about him . we know a lot about what he accomplished because the results are evident , but trying to put together a portrait of his `` true '' character and nature is at best just hypothetcal conjecture . no one knows who alexander really was as a person . most people do n't even know themselves . does this movie convey alexander as he really was or just some hollywood director 's personal idea that has been gleaned from rehashed biograpies of alexander . from the ridiculous harold lamb version to the account of arrian to the more scholarly robin lane fox 's `` alexander the great '' there is n't much that can be added to what scant information we have . certainly the life of alexander is a msystery since there is virtualy nothing know about it , and what little is know was n't even included in the film . for example , his leading the cavalry charge at the `` battle of chaeronea '' which resulted in philip 's hegemony of greece was n't ever mentioned in the movie . instead , sensual garbage including his mother 's fetish with snakes and her completely embellished influence on him , in the usual hollywood manner , is the kind of rubbish that is fostered upon the viewer . obviously , his mother had and influence on him as all mothers have an influence on their children , but `` give me a break '' . this kind of theatrical emoting is a waste of screen time which should have been spent on showing us what alexander did in his life , which is what made him `` the great '' . almost all of the significant things he did are not even mentioned or so quickly glossed over that they are meaningless . and a lot of what is mentioned is n't even correct . and many of the conclusions made by the director are purely guesswork , and bad guess work at that . another example of something significant left out of the movie in favor of snake slithering : at the age <NUM> alexander was intrusted with the regency of macedonia while philip was sieging perinthos and byzantium in eastern thrace . while his father was gone , the maedi , a thracian tribe , revolted . alexander led a campaign against them , succeeded , and established a new colony at maedi and named it alexandros . he was also allowed to refered to as a `` man '' after that , because he had killed an enemy in hand-to-hand combat , and that was the only way a macadonian could be considered a `` man '' . at that time alexander was able to start having an insight and true understanding of his father which could have only been attained from the battle field . it was possible to comprehend his father 's harsh , disciplined life which included drinking , hunting , and loving . the rest of alexander 's life was just as remarkable as his exploit in suppressing the uprising at maedi , but the movie , in my opinion , just does n't do justice to alexander . a man who did what he did and in such a short time deserves better . and quite frankly , except for the poorly done battle scenes , i 've seen more action in `` road runner '' cartoons . one final example which was n't even hinted at in the movie : on his march back `` home '' , he encountered the `` mallians '' , a fierce and warring nation . an assault was made on their major stronghold , and the men with the scaling ladders were late arriving . alexander , with his impatience to storm the fortress , grabbed a ladder from the first ladder bearer to arrive and personally placed it against the wall and climbed up . three othr men followed him up the ladder and made the top with him . the men on the ground scrambled to follow alexander , and their combined weight broke the ladder , and the king and the three soldiers were stranded on top of the battlements . the men on the ground pleaded for him to jump back down into their arms and safety , but alexander jumped into the fort and attacked . he received a serious chest wound but not before dispatching several of the mallians . the army broke into the stronghold , and thinking alexander dead , killed everyone there . that 's the kind of man that this movie should have been telling the story of , not some jickjack jollie snake juggling mishmash of psyhological meanderings that were a complete bore . alexander was a man of action , a great leader and general , a genius of military stratagey and tactics , a philosopher , muscian , had schooling in botany , astronomy , medicine , geography , and other various disciplines and he was a hero in the `` grand tradition '' . maybe peter jackson should make a movie about alexander . i 'm sure he could get it `` right '' .
i would n't have such a big problem with rap if they did n't call it music . that 's like calling the teletubbies 'theater ' . a bunch of guys talking to a beat is not music , it 's poetry with a rhythm . and these guys do n't give a f * ck what they are writing about , all they care about is the loot . so f -- - all of these rap artists taking up space on the tv and radio . progressive <NUM> ever
yup .. those are two of the biggest problems with day of fire . they have an overused hard rock/grunge sound to begin with , and all the songs on the album sound exactly the same . cornerstone , through the fire and time stand out on their on , whereas the rest of the songs sound too formulated . hopefully there next release will be a bit more creative
i like gangster movies and am from philly so i gave this movie a chance . what a mistake . the creators painstakingly tried to rip off the sopranos but wound up with a very weak imitation . it starts with the horrible theme song . it 's obviously trying to sound similar to the a3 song that serves as the sopranos theme , but is chock full of horrible lyrics and sounds like someone threw a casio keyboard down the stairs and recorded it . the cast is filled mediocre actors , trying in vain to save a stupid script . one funny thing is that everyone in the film has a different accent , and with the exception of one guy , no one can do a south philly accent . sal mazzotta is trying real hard to be james gandolfini as tony soprano , but i 'm sorry ... he may be a nice guy in real life , but the guy could n't act scared in a graveyard at midnight . and come on ; this guy as a gangster ? maybe as lurch in the adams family . this movie is also plauged by choppy editing and poor camera work . i mean in a few scenes the camera is actually going in and out of focus while people are talking . do n't they teach that in film school ? and usually when two people are talking their heads will be turned to one angle for the wide two person shot , and at completely different angles for close ups , like maybe the close up stuff was done much later . save your money . wish i could get mine back . it 's been a long time since i saw a movie so bad i felt angry and ripped off for having seen it .
jessica simpson is a talentless bimbo . she is more concerned with shopping than she is with being a singer role model - a title that she so proudly proclaimed after bashing brittany and christina for showing too much skin . we all know now that the hypocritical jessica simpson would shed her clothes if the price were right . she is not a role model and her songs/tv specials are lower than below average
ok , the original is a classic and is what ... <NUM> ... <NUM> minutes long ? jackson stretches it out to <NUM> hours and adds very little to the story . the native were scary . the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions , they actually made him into a character ... something that ca n't be said for any of the human characters . the insect scenes are ridiculous ! ! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic . anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie . now jackson is adding <NUM> munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ? ! ? peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next <NUM> <NUM> hour long epics
i bought this cd because it got a lot of good reviews , and the description sounded like something i would enjoy . however , it turned out to be an atrocious cd . it is very repetitive and monotonous throughout . the songs pretty much all sound the same . there 's little melodic variation , and the vocals have basically no range . the lyrics are extremely uninspired . i 'm glad i bought this used at a cheap price . i do n't know if i 'm going to give it away or just throw it away ; it 's that bad .
i 'm sick of this song ! ! it 's overplayed ... can you people stop loving green day so much . they suck .
has nobody seen through scorseses weak plots yet ? he makes one exellent gangster film ( goodfellas which after all was based on a book ) then repeats the same formula for almost every other film . so we have the italian mafia in goodfellas , the jewish mafia in once upon a time , back to the italians but change location for casino and now we have the irish and 'native ' mafia . so what next for scorsese when he runs out of ethnic groups for his mafia films ? this film lacks everything . loosely based on historical facts its slow , dull and only made vaguely interesting by the odd input of horrific violence ( just as all of his gangster films are , the start of goodfellas , the baseball bat scene in casino etc ) sorry but this film lacks everything .
this piece of politically correct rubbish is what kept martin scorsese from having goodfellas honored with a best picture oscar ? unbelieveable
as ever , jimmy carter attempts to lecture on morality . i thought he better start worrying about his own . when it comes to this , perhaps he should be the last man to turn to for guidance , judging by his not so exemplary performance over the years
i am a huge triple6 fan , especially of the founding members . these guys all have tons of tallent and impress me with almost everything they touch however this is the worst album i own by any origional 3-6 member . i tried to like it b/c of how origional tha koopsta is but every time i listen to it i find my self skipping to the next song untill i have made it thru the album in about <NUM> minutes . if you want a real kk album get the devils playground . thats a solid junt .
although i truly enjoy louie prima 's music , this dvd does not due him justice . the sound and picture quality is poor . the performances are old and all in black & white ! ! the only parts in color are the commentary and the cemetary photo where he is buried . better to just buy a cd and listen to him perform . this dvd is way overpriced for its poor quality . i do not recommend unless you just want anything and everything there is available on louie prima , no matter what the quality is like . i was very disappointed
i wo n't give a long drawn out account on why this movie was bad for me , but one thing sticks out in my mind . the characters tried too hard to me . i love sanna latham , but it seems like she was forcing herself to convince us that she was really romantically involved with wesley snipes . with all the ups and downs of their relationship , i was praying that they just chalk the relationship up as a loss and move on . after awhile it just get tiring , you know , like a real relationship . i much prefer the book . this movie does n't hold a candle to the book . the book is as real as it gets . pretty much how things are today
i have heard so much of this book and decided to get the audio cds from the library . i was extremely disappointed with the narrator - who also happens to be the author . he sounds as if he is about to fall asleep and seems to have trouble annunciating words that end in `` w '' - it drives me mad . he reads in a monotone - no excitement in his voice - he just drones on and on . i am a big fan of audio cds because i can listen to the stories while doing other things - i 'm not tied down to the couch . i have listened to many narrators - jim dale for one - and have never hated listening until now . charles frazier may be a `` brilliant '' author , and should stick with writing - period ! leave the storytelling to someone who has a personality and brings the story to life
if you 've read her amanda quick novels , this contemporary story is almost the exact replica of the novel , `` scandal '' . heroine proposes to hero , who has a hidden agenda . of course he 's rich and he has almost the same history as `` scandal '' , whose father has gotten into debt and gets out of the picture leaving the family to deal w/ the debt , and the oldest child having to pay back debts that his father 's friends/business associates want paid right away . of course hero grows up and wants vengence for this when he grows up . but his plans get waylaid when heroine interferes and convinces hero that vengence is not the right path . the book is so similar that a couple of times i caught myself looking at the cover to make sure i had the right book . the only difference in this book is that one is set in contemporary times and the other in historical time
i searched for reviews of this movie before i saw it , and did n't find any . people i talked to had not seen it , but had heard it was good . so i finally sat down and watched it . the acting was top notch . it was a tightly scripted chick flick about two friendships . one in a nursing home , and one in the friendship retold by cleo threadgoode during those visits . on the down side it was very feministic , to the point of portraying men in general of being evil ogres . women would be up in arms about any similar one sided portrayal of women . kathy bates ' character went from being a trampled by everyone woman to a `` do n't push me '' type . while much of this was funny , this was one extreme to the other rather than a middle ground . in spite of this i enjoyed the first part of the movie . that is until the surprise ending . while this gives away a bit of a plot spoiler , the ending involved unwitting cannibalism . this made me sick , and i felt sick a long time after watching it . had i known how sour the ending would be , i never would have watched this movie
while i have no doubt of sting 's genuine admiration and love for dowland 's music , the performances here simply will not do . he has obviously learned the notes very carefully , and he does make it through each of these challenging songs ... but just barely . never do any of these performances really take off and soar and become true interpretations . the entire enterprise remains firmly earthbound and doggedly `` note-for-note '' in its approach . to be fair , subtlety and nuance never have a chance with the all-too-close `` pop '' miking of sting 's voice , which makes it sound like he and the excellent lutenist edin karamazov were n't even in the same room when performing . moreover , sting 's proclivity for nasal vocal production and oddly colored vowels tend to render the highly poetic texts almost unintelligible . add to this sting 's hokey `` masterpiece theatre '' -style readings from a letter of john dowland to sir robert cecil , chief adviser to elizabeth i , and some ill-advised multitracking effects , and the whole experience quickly becomes unlistenable . in which case , i wo n't carp about the disc 's rather meager running time of <NUM> minutes , since even at that short measure , it seems much longer . i 'm just glad i did n't shell out for the disc ; i borrowed it from my local lending library , and it goes back at the end of the week
michelle zacharias , i totally agree with you . i can believe the ruined such a good movie qith such a terrible ending , im looking for the hollywood version as well , for i think that jacqes should have learnt the lesson with enzos suicide and value life , especially when he is going to have a child from the beautifull woman he loves
what an awful and silly movie ! the plot is absurd , the special effects are ridiculous and the acting is entirely forgettable
i found this film to be a total waste of otherwise good talent . it should be rated x. i did n't know `` johnny '' could stoop so low . it made me want to barf ! !
a giant leap back from love.angel.music.baby . what was she thinking with this album ? this music does not compare at all to l.a.m.b . and her no doubt days . 'the sweet escape ' ( song ) is very successful on the charts , ... and i honestly do n't understand why . it 's so generic and 'woo hoo ' part is so annoying . the album is a one star but i 'll give her two because i still love gwen
wow . <NUM> dollars for this cd . i must have seen this album in every stores <NUM> dollar bargain bin , and their was n't one cd their was usually a big grotesque stack of them sitting thier
i like the energy of the book . but the characters like izzy and rico i found to be more mulitfaceted than destiny . destiny sounds pretty , driven and of course she has a the `` sad '' story plot . but i expected her character to bring more . yeah she is a hot party planner living in mom 's shoes but felt something was missing from the character/reader connection . i thought izzy had more juice ! lyah beth , write a book about her ! plus the `` the knight in shining armor '' came around like around page <NUM> . the book is only around <NUM> pages ! by this time i was waiting to met mr.taye crawford and when he arrived he seems just as boring as destiny 's charater . i was very disapointed . this book is no `` accidental diva
a soundtrack gets its power from the combination of images with the song . there were a lot of great songs from the movie yet they are not on this lame soundtrack . the soundtrack is okay , the best songs are from sheryl crow and hootie but the songs that are most memorable from the film are missing . i understand that there were probably licensing issues precluding use but that is what makes the soundtrack good ... to re-live the euphoria from the film
a poor documentary . an attempt to make porn acceptable and very unsexy at that . a repulsive movie . watch instead the recent made for tv series entitled rome . the series rome is accurate and entertaining and without a doubt the best of its type ever made
only michael ironside performance is worth watching . linda purl and william shatner plus the lead nurse should all have been fired for their telentless performances . this movie is a waste of a good premise , less bad mugging performances more gore and suspense would have made for a better slasher movie . avoid unless you like wasting money , so many better slasher movies than visiting hours . terminal choice is a far better example of a hospital based slasher , why could'nt anchor bay release that instead
i did not like this cd at all . there was not even one song that i liked . however , given the positive result the cd received , it may just have been my personal taste . i also got her new cds , and did not like those eithe
the butcher ( edward gorsuch , <NUM> ) and here we have , yes , another young-and-beautifuls-go-to-an-old-scary-house-and-get-massacred movie . bad acting . increasingly-common variation on old horror movie rule ( instead of straight kids having sex , there 's a pair of lesbians , who must , of course , suffer gruesome ends -- this is n't a spoiler , as the first occurs in the extended opening scene . so the lesbian must die even before they encounter the guy who does the massacring . silly , anyone ? ) . awful , awful script . incredibly predictable plot twist . yeah , there 's really nothing good to say about this movie . some wag on the imdb boards called it ( forgive my paraphrasing ) a bad remake of the texas chainsaw massacre combined with a bad remake of the people under the stairs , and he 's right .
as many reviewers have commented , prof. lopez does an excellent job deconstructing the many fantasies westerners entertain about tibet . i was very dismayed , however , by his sneering dismissal of the work of trungpa rinpoche and sogyal rinpoche , who he declares are not & quot ; real tibetans & quot ; because they dared to try to present a difficult terma text in a manner that they believed would resonate with westerners . while trunpa rinpoche did often present the dharma in psychological terms , he consistently affirmed the conventional tibetan understanding of the six realms and other teachings . surely prof. lopez is aware of the years of vigorous traditional monastic training rinpoche underwent as a tulku in pre-invasion tibet , as a result of which he received both the khenpo degree in religious and mundane studies and the kyorpon degree in astrology . for prof. lopez to think that he is in a position to weigh in on the validity of the teaching choices made by these two lamas strikes me as quite arrogant and presumptuous
these are pre-canned radio shows with the ever unbearable alexis korner talking on top of the songs as wow cool groovy dj `` intro '' . the old radio one was a real live in studio show that was great . these are mostly studio released cuts from the first and second album mixed with dj chatter and one hendrix interview with a phoney , well let 's hear that song now shall we intro to the recorded album version ! as one who has been seriously burned by repackaged hendrix stuff in the past , and as a loong time fan ( i remember when he lived and died ) it takes alot for me not to recommend all things hendrix , but i can not recommend this . find the actual live radio one recording , not these packaged cut and pasted radio shows
... and it 's staring at you on the video cover . it 's more proof of jodie foster 's brilliance that she manages to make you care about this character , when absurdity abounds in every scene . no joke -- watch this with a 6-year old , and have him/her point out all the things in it that do n't make sense . it 's a fun game that the whole family can enjoy . watch it anyway , because foster is always worth it . but please , hollywood , let 's find this woman some projects that deserve her
i was so excited when i saw this title released on dvd . i then foolishly puchased it not knowing they ruined it , and released it as a poor mini-movie of the showtime series . i still can not believe how showtime butchered this wonderful series into to <NUM> odd minutes of total garbage . is it any wonder why showtime always places a distant second to hbo on all of their productions
rev . dyson dissects the great black man of the last century and attempts to get some insight into how his image translates to modern america . i found the chapter concerning dr. king 's embrace of democratic socialism to be enlightening , but i found the rev . dyson handing out alibis for king 's adultery disappointing . equally mind blowing is dyson 's using overblown language to assail the king family 's efforts to control their loved one 's image . i wonder why there are hard feelings , since dexter and coretta king talked to him for this book . this is an interesting character study that does draw some modern parallels , but would have been better if it were about <NUM> chapters shorter
let me see if i have got this right ? the only way to organize the economy is the capitalist way ? that way we all gain ? ok the bosses of nike , mcdonalds , and wal-mart will gain a bit more than us ordinary folk , but our little boats will rise with the flowing tide ? sounds good : who would want to be the party pooper ? ! well someone 's got to be , and for the simple reason that we do n't live on a planet the size of jupiter . the oil 's finite : we know that but ca n't be bothered to act on it . even the supply of water is turning out to be finite : the south east of england is on a collision course between an expanding population and a diminishing supply of water . ok , they could ship it in from the rest of the uk where there 's no problem , but for reasons that do n't quite add up that 's not possible . it 's not the corporate solution , if you will forgive the pun . has it occurred to anyone , i wonder , if it 's capitalist-driven growth which is at the heart of the upcoming problems ? yes , i know marx and stalin do n't offer any fixes , but at some point along the way the problem is going to have to be faced : growth is going to wind-down whether we like it or not .
i got this video thinking it would be like the baby faith videos with fun and creative elements for learning development . my baby watched about two mintues and was gone . i think this is pitched as a baby video but it 's really more geared toward older children . none of the elements have anything to do with the music , making is virtually useless as a learning development product . i give it a big `` thumbs down '' . try any one of the baby faith products like god made me , god made music and god made animals . they 're awesome !
i absolutely loved that song `` carry on wayward son '' which sounds like one of the greatest stuff in history . rest of the other songs on this album are not that good . 2-stars
andy milligan was a terrible filmmaker , and his snail-paced movies , which blended trash and pompous period costumes , can only be called unwatchable . his final film , monstrosity , was truly the work of an incoherent brain , blending rape , hypodermic needles , and a grinning slapstick monster wearing a fred flintstone suit . mcdonough 's book is fascinating at first , but then one realizes that these are n't artists being described with such misguided affection . like warhol 's crowd , milligan 's world was populated by uneducated drug addicts , and people obsessed with their own fractured sexuality . one of these days , there 'll be a book about a true underground filmmaker , but in the meantime , we 're stuck with the sniveling praise of sycophants like john waters , and books like this which glorify the excretions of talentless slobs
the shining remake was casablanca compared to this drivel crap . do not watch this movie . if you are a hardcore fan of the original salem 's lot , you will suffer . this film is as bad as the unecessary sequel return to salem 's lot . ther shoud be a zero star option for this film
i was dismayed to find that this audio book is simply a laundry listing ( in an & quot ; advice o'the day & quot ; format ) of tidbits of wisdom . the wisdom offered is good , mind you , but if you are looking for something to stimulate and entertain you ( eg on a long car ride ) you will likely be disappointed . i can only listen to about <NUM> or <NUM> tidbits before i lose interest
hey , did n't you have a girlfriend who liked this guy ? remember driving around , another sat nite of getting nowhere , hearing this guy , `` maggie may '' , thinking , `` did n't they just play that already ? '' remember beer-soaked carpets , butts and roaches lying around , stoned and drunk and bored ? remember the stories about this guy getting hauled into an er at four in the morning in new york or la or someplace , what they pumped out of his stomach ? is is still around ? does somebody still listen to him ? hey , is this the same guy as joe cocker ?
this book should have been subtitled `` the art of assimilated jewish grandparenting '' or `` how to keep your granchildren a little bit jewish '' . if you 're looking for a book about that buy it . if you 're looking for a nice book about how to grandparent a nuclear , jewishly oriented family , look elsewhere
<NUM> 1/2 stars attempting another soundscape masterpiece , stratosphere has not aged so well . the music - simple , the production- dated , the performances- uninspired . there are attempts at greatness , hints of interesting fusions try to breathe a different life into the hollow art of looping . mostly though this is more akin to like acts such as jarre or kraftwerk then their more inspired material . whereas on an album like phaedra , the mechanics of their repetition somehow liberated , on stratosphere the mechanics enslave entire compositions into tight neat little boxes to look at , rather then truly feel . the self conscious songwriting further keeps the experience at bay , but if you concentrate more on the spaces in between the generically frustrating fast synth-bass-cheese , you might feel a few conceptual ideas worth the investment .
making it no reason to even consider getting this filler filled p.o.s
i had never seen queen of the damned until last night , when i had just finished anne rice 's novel queen of the damned . knowing i would soon be done with the novel , i was curious to see the movie so i went out to moviestop and picked up a cheap , used dvd copy , despite hearing that this movie was very bad . turns out , the word bad is an understatement . let me get to the point , there were several changes in the story , and i understand that some of this needs to be done in the movies for screen time reasons , etc . but i found that after reading the novel , while the basic premise of the story is the same as in the novel , pretty much everything that gave the novel 's plotline it 's depth and intrigue was removed from the story in the film adaptation , and this movie simply falls flat . i was shaking my head by the end of the movie with such disappointment that so much of the story was hacked away . the vampires in this movie are not portrayed with the amount of love & feeling that is intended by anne rice , akasha included . maharet , perhaps the foremost character in the novel , basically does n't show up until the end of the movie simply to take part in a disappointing final showdown . again , all of the backstory that should have been present here was missing . i wo n't spoil it for any of those who still plan to read the novel , but akasha 's motives for what she was planning to do were actually logical ( in her own evil and misguided way ) , but there was a reason for it that she saw as legitemate , where as in the movie it was simply `` everybody must die ! '' . period . that 's your motive for everything that the movie was building up to . i ca n't stress this enough - the depth of the book is gone in the movie . like i said , i understand that things need to be trimmed/skipped for the sake of screen time , etc. , but this movie was barely over <NUM> 1/2 hours long , and so much of the plot development could still have been included here to give this movie the depth that it lacked . what 's wrong with adding even another 30-45 minutes of screen time to fill in the story and make it a <NUM> or <NUM> minute film ? heck , i sat in the theatres for all three lord of the rings movies which all ran over <NUM> hours . or was this movie directed at punk kids with <NUM> minute attention spans , rather than the fans of anne rice 's vampire chronicles ? such a shame , because this movie really had the potential to equal , if not better , the adaptation of interview with the vampire . i could go on and on about the other things that were done in this movie that i thought were just stupid , silly , etc . etc . kind of like how the other vampires were pissed at lestat for revealing himself to the world as a vampire and giving away vampiric secrets , yet they decide to fly up on stage during the middle of the concert , in front of tens of thousands of people and start fighting , in essence `` revealing '' themselves as well , which is totally inconsistent with why these vampires were angry in the first place . i wo n't go into all of the details , because it would take too much writing to tell you everything that bugged me . bottom line , i guess if you 're into cheesy vampire action flicks with a korn , etc . movie score , then you may still see some value here , but anne rice diehards will most certainly find this movie a waste of their time . but do n't let this movie scare you out of reading the novel , because the book is much much much better than this movie
this book is definately not as helpful as the first book . in this book brian takes the journey and metaphors a bit too far . he strays a bit too far from the scriptures to make his point . keep to the first book definately more helpful
what do you get when you play brilliant music through a bad synthesizer ? buy this cd and find out . your little prodigy 's intellect will be engulfed in an annoying stream of cheap rinky-tink pianos , tooting synth-horns , and fake accordions . this is a cheap and annoying version of a great composer 's work . your young einstein would be better off with a cheap harmonica
i heard an interview with dr. kushner on npr today . he explained how the comfort in the 23rd psalm lies in the realization that , for example , god is not on the side of the terrorists , or the hurricanes ; he is on our side . why define the world as divided so in the first place ? terrorists are people too . nature is people too . until we accept the fact that god is in all of us , we will continue to place things in `` good '' and `` evil '' bins and only strengthen the hatred and suffering in the world . our comfort and relief from psalm <NUM> will only revitalize us to more intensely resist those things that we ( we , not god or some divine law of the universe ) label as evil . i rate the book <NUM> stars instead of <NUM> because it is clear the author means well and has a heart of gold , full of compassion . unfortunately his wonderful intentions are sorely misguided .
i 've tried to make it through the album twice and i 'm bored to tears with these songs . maybe it will sound better on a cold rainy day . i so wanted to enjoy this album , but ca n't seem to get into the versions of these songs . i would n't recommend this to anyone but a die-hard fan .
i am interested in succint yet exhaustive/substantive coverage of the topic for use in real-world corporate finance applications . i found the book to be verbose and not sufficiently to the point . the author peppers a few key insights in endless dialogue , which i find a bit tiresome . the text could be better organized to highlight key points and provide greater substance and less fluff . definition of terms could be far better written even for an introductory text . i suspect i am the wrong target audience
i do n't care what anyone says , this movie is painfully boring . i love war movies but not this one . cheesy and too oversimplified , some of the worst acting ever . if you want to know about this little known subject , read the book . it is much better
judging by both of their collections of `` hits '' , the two of them produced some of the most annoying tunes of the 70s & 80s , and unfortunately , beyond . these two `` pretend '' rockers hit the radio with junk like `` crocodile rock '' ( john ) and `` uptown girl '' ( joel ) , thus cementing their respective geek reputations . yuck ! neither elton john nor billy joel have made anything authentic ; they are both fake rock and rollers with repertoires filled with lame tunes , making them like the male equivalents of gloria estefan or madonna . yuck ! zero stars
to say this film is self-indulgent is a masterpiece of understatement . almost every joke in this movie that did n't center around profanity or flatulence was a nod to one of smiths other movies . maybe if you are a great filmmaker you can get away with that , but if you have only made <NUM> other films ( very poor ones too by cinematic standards ) then that just means you have the worlds biggest ego . the film looks as if it was written by a highschool kid , although the humor really dose n't reach even that level . here is a recap of the types of humor in this film . making fun of fans , fart jokes , scatological jokes , profanity ( yes this is actually supposed to be funny in and of itself ) , making fun of miramax , making fun of the viewers for actually being stupid enough to pay to see this film ( i swear i am not making this up ) , and any number of inside jokes involving the cast and crew . this movie comes across as crass , tasteless , profane and generally an abject debacle in all respects . thank god i borrowed this movie and did n't pay anything to rent it . i wo n't be watching another kevin smith movie anytime soon
this movie was just nasty . a couple of descent parts , but other than that it was just low-class nasty ... and i got it for free ! ! ! ! it was n't even worth it free
appreciate the stories told by this author about his life and consider the insights that he has gained from reflection on his experience ; but , please , do not base your understanding of quakerism on his presentation . in spite of the fact that smith is a lifelong friend and a former quaker educator , he quotes george fox ( an important leader in the early quaker movement ) and the bible inaccurately or out of context several times . in addition , some of smith 's statements about facets of quaker faith and practice are historically unfounded or ignore the diversity within the religious society of friends today . if you are interested in learning about quakerism , read wilmer a. cooper 's book , a living faith : an historical study of quaker beliefs ( friends united press : <NUM> ) . read robert lawrence smith 's book as a book of wisdom written by a quaker , but not necessarily a quaker book of wisdom
in `` friday the 13th part vii : the new blood , '' we get to hear a narrator tell us the backstory . i do n't know who the narrator is ; the credits do n't mention him . it sounds like donald sutherland , but i bet it 's not . mr. narrator reminds us of what has happened to this point in the saga , ending with the fact that at the end of part <NUM> , jason was weighted down and drowned in crystal lake . mr. narrator informs us that `` people forget he 's down there . '' this is just stupid . a man responsible for nearly <NUM> murders in the space of <NUM> years does not just disappear from public memory . furthermore , when tommy jarvis drowned the bastard in part <NUM> , surely the cops and scientists would have then retrieved him , picked him apart , and studied him . his hockey mask would be on ebay . there would be an a & e `` biography '' episode about him . people do n't just `` forget he 's down there . '' but the forgetting is necessary for the story to move forward . it will be helpful if you , the viewer , have forgotten a few things , too . for example , remember how in part <NUM> , crystal lake changed its name to forest green in order to escape its bloody past ? yeah , go ahead and forget that , because it 's crystal lake again now . after mr. narrator spins his yarn , there 's a prologue ( which takes place on friday the 13th -- creeee-py ! ) in which a little girl who looks like the `` poltergeist '' little girl accidentally uses her psychic powers to kill her dad . surely we all have made errors like this at some point in our lives . it occurs outside the family 's house on crystal lake , mere feet from where jason is chained to the lake bottom , `` forgotten '' by the locals . next thing you know , it 's several years later . the little girl is grown up and named tina , and she and her markie post lookalike mother have returned to the cabin after apparently having been gone awhile . they 've returned because tina 's weird psychic/telekinetic abilities have made her a bit freakish , and a psychiatrist named dr. crews wants to `` help '' her , which really means he wants to use her power for his own gain . ( dr. crews , by the way , is played by terry kiser , who also played the corpse in `` weekend at bernie 's . '' this is an actor whose career consists only of low points . ) so while he 's trying to get tina to harness her powers , tina goes out on the dock and tries to use them to summon back her dead father . instead , she accidentally summons jason ; whoops ! he gets right to work and starts killing teen-agers , who are conveniently located in an adjacent cabin , having a surprise party for someone who does n't show up because jason has killed him . it makes you wonder what jason would do if he were revived on a weekend when no one was anywhere near crystal lake . would he bother hiking into town to kill some folks in a diner ? catch a greyhound to the next major city ? or just hang out in the woods , waiting for someone to show up ? the interesting thing about this movie is that it was directed by john carl buechler , whose credits also include `` ghoulies <NUM> : ghoulies go to college . '' the second interesting thing about this movie is that it features the return of the unsettling daisy duke shorts that men in the 1980s apparently wore all the time , if the `` friday the 13th '' movies are to be believed . the third interesting thing about this movie is that at last , there is something different to do about jason . in the past , victims have battled him by running , stumbling , and screaming a lot . usually they give up pretty easily and just let themselves be killed , often because they want out of the movie . but now we have tina , whose telekinetic powers are far more effective than mere knives or screaming . good to see someone putting a little effort into things . goodness knows the writer , director and actors did n't expend much effort . we wo n't bother mentioning that the acting and dialogue are atrocious , like they always are . if we do n't mention it , maybe you 'll forget .
i ca n't give it any less than one star but what the heck , the girls were hot so there 's the one star . other than that i am literally dumber after watching this movie ! i swear to god ! i passed out after watching this film because i got so stupid i forgot to breathe ! they should stop beating around the bush and hire retards from the mental home to play the lead roles because lord knows they would have done a better job ! even if they just ran around the set yelling `` 1,2,3 , potato salad , march ! '' the dialogue would have been <NUM> times better . message to the producer : give it up loser ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
these are not your typical teens . they love broadway musicals and want a life of singing and dancing on stage . so here they are at `` camp ovation '' honing their skills . one of the teachers is a song songwriter . because he is also a `` one hit wonder '' he 's an angry alcoholic . the other characters ( teenagers ) are a `` fag hag '' , a cross dresser , a chubby girl who has her mouth wired shut , a bleached blonde who thinks too highly of herself and her meek sidekick and a rare straight boy at the camp who lacks self-esteem . there is a three good scenes that made this film worth watching but in general mediocre movie . if you like musicals , you will proberly like this but might bore most people .
yep , this cd sucks . that depeche mode guy is really random , what makes you think anyone who is looking at the punk-o-rama review would be interested in depeche mode ? rem sucks too , michael stipe is the most self absorbed old bald guy ever .
this book is written by an avowed marxist , and as such , neglects to mention the horrors of soviet russia . not only that , ol ' eric discusses how horrible capitalism is , even though it was only because of capitalism that he was able to publish this waste of paper . he does not spend much time at all on world war ii , and has the gall to called richard nixon a horrible president ( which he was ) without heaping abuse upon stalin or any other communists . the book also glosses over most historical events and goes for the `` big picture '' of history . i hated this book . until i read it , i actually enjoyed learning about history . now i am not so sure
the animal rights issue is a tricky one , because it touches on really deep questions about what it means to be conscious , to have rights , and to experience suffering . so you might expect a philosopher to be able to sort through the ethical issues and suggest a way forward . if so , you would be disappointed by this book . the first chapter lays out the philosophical foundation of the book . singer argues that there 's really no basis for assigning equal rights to all humans , since different humans have different abilities . therefore equality must be based on the recognition of another person 's interests . since animals have interests too , they deserve equal treatment . that 's it . it 's not terribly deep , and frankly not even rational , but singer does n't bother to elaborate . so if animals have interests , then they obviously have an interest in not suffering . how do we know animals are capable of suffering ? according to singer there are two signs : they seek to avoid painful stimuli and they have nervous systems that bear a superficial similarity to those of humans . he does n't say how he came up with these criteria , but they seem awfully generous to me . in fact , based on those criteria one would conclude that monkeys are capable of understanding spoken language and that humans are capable of echolocation . monkeys do in fact respond to certain vocalizations , and they have all the relevant physiological structures for understanding speech . and humans actually can echolocate ( with a lot of practice ) . the point is that you would never seriously compare human echolocation to bat echolocation , and the ability of monkeys to process speech is negligible relative to that of humans . could this also be true of the capacity for pain and suffering ? i do n't think anyone knows , and singer does n't shed any light on the subject . the next chapter is about animal testing , and a lot of the chapter deals with the use of animals in scientific experiments . this is the weakest part of the book . singer finds some of the most gruesome experiments in science history , and juxtaposes them with out-of-context quotes from the researchers to make it look like the research was useless . he mentions in passing that the vast majority of animal experiments do n't involve pain , but by the end of the chapter he suggests that all medical experimentation should eventually be stopped . part of his justification for ending medical experiments is the notion that such experiments do n't actually contribute to medical or scientific progress . this idea is unfortunately quite common among people who do n't know anything about medicine or science . however it 's completely incorrect , and most of singer 's arguments regarding the scientific value of animal testing have been completely debunked . for example , he continues to exploit the thalidomide tragedy , even though it was already known at the time the book was written that that incident was unrelated to animal testing . in addition to being totally confused about science , singer seems uncomfortable with the scientific method itself . he repeatedly suggests that animal testing should , in the short term , be limited to experiments that will lead to rapid advances in medical treatment . this is like saying you should look for your lost car keys where you left them . science does n't work this way . at one point ( p. <NUM> ) , singer complains about a series of experiments that were shown `` first to prove a theory , then to disprove the theory , and finally to support modified versions of the original theory . '' this probably sounds ridiculous to a philosopher , but it 's actually a pretty good description of the scientific method . the next chapter deals with factory farming , and here singer is on firmer ground . as in the previous chapter , there 's no philosophy , or even rational discourse . it 's just page after page of description , in this case of the conditions of animals on a large farm . however , in contrast to the chapter on experimentation , the conditions he describes are standard practice for the majority of farm animals . here it would seem that there 's plenty of room for improvement with comparatively minimal consequences for humans ( although i imagine the situation has only gotten worse since the publication of the second edition of the book in <NUM> ) . the next chapter deals with vegetarianism , calling for a boycott of meat and dairy products . again the appeal is basically emotional , and if you were moved by the arguments of the preceding chapter , you will presumably find this chapter convincing . curiously singer does n't call for a similar boycott of medicine or medical treatment , even though the argument would be identical . even if you belief that animal experimentation is useless for human medicine , you have to admit that the purchase of such medicine directly pays for more animal research . anyone who 's receiving treatment for cardiac problems or diabetes , or who has ever had surgery , or who takes prescription drugs , is contributing to animal suffering . maybe singer deals with this in another book , but given the chapter on vegetarianism it 's a rather obvious omission . the next chapter is a strangely out of place history of human attitudes toward animals , going back several thousand years . it might have made sense to put this at the beginning of the book , but perhaps his editor was afraid of losing readers . the last chapter talks about some popular animal rights movements and their accomplishments . singer does n't draw any line between violent organizations like the animal liberation front ( which the fbi considers a terrorist organization ) and organizations that actually help animals in a peaceful way ( like the aspca ) . he speaks positively of peta , which in addition to other extremist activities , supports violence and arson . i do n't know why he would do this . ultimately this is a bad book . it trivializes a serious issue by substituting emotional imagery for rational argumentation . the fact is that humans can benefit greatly from actions that adversely affect animals . in the realm of science , there is no serious doubt that the length and quality of human life have been improved through animal testing . with other behaviors , such as meat-eating , the benefits are more subjective and the suffering is probably greater . how we assign weight to these costs and benefits is a very difficult question that singer does n't even attempt to take seriously
most of the songs here are ballads of which there are two that i really like : `` back before the war '' and `` she was n't good enough for him '' . the rest of the stuff here is unmemorable .
it 's really a book for amateurs . most of the tips you can find out yourselves by a little logical thinking
my three year old loves this dvd and has discovered the joys of goofy , but ... why can you just set the dvd to play all ? the mickey collection you can just set it and forget it . this collection you must keep selecting the next cartoon ( it does not even default to the next cartoon ) . poor show disney
simply put : the movie is boring . clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together . it seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary . the main plot is very thin ( a cia agent is ordered to kill an oil prince , gets caught and then warns the prince ( why ? ) ) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting . so , a kid dies , which results in the `` natural '' response of the father : freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son 's death . the lawyer has a drunk `` friend '' and keeps him around , why , no one knows . some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship . all in all , this is one of the worst movies i have seen in quite a while . i was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged . i neither laughed nor cried , i did not gain an understanding nor was i compelled to learn more or take up a cause . it meant nothing to me , which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie . save your money , save your time , choose another movie .
this is a good intro cd to famous piano pieces . however , the sound quality is really * poor * . of course , what do you expect for the price ? i 'm sure there are better piano sample cds out there that sound much better . it 's worth the extra money , trust me
the whole thing was just awful , i do n't mind telling you . i do n't know why anyone would buy the book for the recipes to start with when there are so many `` meals in <NUM> minutes '' internet sites ... all completely nutritional with different caloric contents . then there 's the advice ... it was just as bad , i found . well , bad in the sense that it was silly . really quite silly . i must admit that i must agree with the reviewer that said if you are eating an entire plate of french fries , or freedom fries , depending , and you do n't know that you are eating something that is going to put some pounds on , then reading this book is n't going to help you . it does kind of sound like the positive reviews are all written by people that know the author personally . sounds a little bit like the pentagon 's planted news stories in iraq if you do n't mind my saying
some songs are o.k . on this but not enough for me to give this cd more than one star . its just more crossover stuff .
as far as a shoot-um-up with the obligatory car chase goes , this movie did it quite well . and like many of the other `` <NUM> '' machine churned out films for the proletariat , the title and a few names bear the only resemblance to the ludlum story . quite a few of the characters that give this story depth and mystery are left out of the movie completely . now let 's not compare this quickie in shoot-up land with the well thought out book `` the bourne identity '' by robert ludlum or the much better portrait of the story in the mini-series `` the bourne identity '' ( <NUM> ) starring richard chamberlain and jaclyn smith ; then we can enjoy what is left . a sailor on a fishing trawler spots a human body in the water . after retrieving it we find it is alive . helping this stranger back from the near dead we find a couple of bullet holes and a mysterious capsule under his skin . the capsule displays what the fisherman recognizes immediately as a swiss bank account . the man can not remember who he is . now we follow along with his journey to switzerland and find out if he will recover . in the mean time someone is out to kill him . why ?
if you really liked just wont burn then this could be a major disappointment like it was for me . susan leaves the blues for a smoother sound and leave 's the fire and passion behind . now there 's nothing special about her . susan please go back to the blues
nelly 's sophomore album was just as bad as his first one . the song hot in herre was a decent lead off single , so i thought that he might have came to his senses a little bit . boy was i wrong . more singing and this time with kelly rowland from destiny 's child on the song delimma and a song with justin timberlake . now he makes a somewhat attempt to impress me by taking beanie siegel 's roc tha mic ( remix ) and puts it on his cd , not to mention taking a shot a hip hop legend krs-one . another track worth listening to is # <NUM> and possibly the only song that he has made by himself worth listening to . everything else , just a big no no . once again he has appealed himself to the people who hardly listening to rap , because i even hear that song with kelly rowland on oldies radio stations . this right here has got to stop , because i had enough of it .
i know a long time ago sam would not let his employees be treated like employees are treated today.today many are employeed at his walmart stores are not beeing treated fairly.new assoiates making less money are hired every day to replace their loyal assoiates that have been there through the good and the bad.no one seems to care in management because they to are tring not to get replaced . ( store <NUM> for exsample ) <NUM> is laying off loyal assoiates and cutting houres claiming walmart cant pay them , but hire new ones when we cant live off <NUM> or less hours.is sam waltons promice rembered now about walmart beeing a family store ? no.the book should make his promice keept say ( i hope my promice will be keept .
while i do n't believe a writer has to follow in his/her own footsteps and write the same type of books over and over , this departure by adriana trigiani is not successful . while it has the obligatory trip to italy , it makes little or nothing of the trip and since a decorator is making the trip , i would have thought that she would have included a wealth of description here . instead the trip is glossed over and we are treated to only those descriptions of ottomans and fabric that adorn the homes of di crespi 's new jersey clients . the book is filled with caricatures and not characters and no new jersey italian stereotype is left unturned . not much of a story and the main character is rather boring as well . if you insist on reading it , save your money and go to the library
scientific ? i could n't get more disgusted . this review is written because it can accomplish much , that is , let no one science-interrested person fall in this trap . i did never read more than <NUM> % of the book , that is a short one , i can only guess that its because there would been to much nonsens even for the most naive readers . i read until i had heard to much about the `` revoloutionating discovery '' ( that you have not heard of in serious papers as nature or new scientist , why ? ) this revaloutionary discovery etc . was a machine build by someone , that claims it could measure feelings , so for example it could measure in a black room when there was a big group of people feeling the same thing , maybe an os contestant from usa ( where the machine would be ) winning the championship in whatever . well , then it was tested in superbowl but failed , the author explains this due to commecials distorting the feelings the public felt etc ... how would this machine be able to notice somethings like this ? well they must have checked out a list of `` strange '' topics from physics and chosen zero point energy that has to do with the vacuum . they could not choose something like electromagnetism , because that might be disregared right away by the public who might know to much about it . claims that the machine is working is based on odds for it not to be this way were apperently about 1:1000 ( i do n't doubt that more than <NUM> of these experiments have been made and failed ) the author also claims that there was a scientific explaination with the feeling an moon astronaut felt when he was away from earth , he felt connected to earth in some kind of way . i laugh in disgust , noticing this book is nothing , absolutely nothing , compared to others that actually stand out as great books , giving you an `` wooow ! '' but with a scientificually accepted material as background . examples of these are : qed : the strange theory of light and matter by richard feynman , who was one of three to individually invent quantum electro dynamics , that is the most fundamental description of electromagnetism . this book is based on a series of lectures feynman made in university of auckland , new zeeland , to a public audience . deep down things : the breathtaking beauty of particle physics by bruce a. schumm . a book staying focused on the subject that lies around particle physics , a wooow ! i got from this book was the connections between the mathematical lee groups and the quantum forces of nature ( electromagnetism , the weak force , the strong force ) , discribed greatly on a non professional level
i only wish it were possible to give them no stars , or just red x 's . these guys never shipped my order , and even sent me an email telling me a different ship date then amazon . once that ship date came and went , i just made a claim to get my money back . a total of <NUM> months for dvd 's that were meant for a father 's day gift . these guys are clueless . stay away from them for sure . you 're better off going to target to buy dvd 's
no intellectual can afford to be unacquainted with the immortal john dewey and his `` experimental school . '' who would dare criticize the education legend inseparably linked with the irreproachable rhetoric of `` progressivism ? '' i would . dewey 's conception of the child as learner assumes that the uneducated mind is essentially capable of directing its own knowledge by a spontaneous inquisitiveness stemming from nature study . this he then expects to blossom into a more expanded consideration of the various academic subjects with the teacher merely facilitating transitions and answering the child 's self-posed questions . the problems in dewey 's model begin with his science fair-meets-museum-meets-playground-meets-lecture hall school design : the model is untested on any large scale and the cost plus upkeep is prohibitively expensive . classes are small and require several specialists and non-reusable materials . as if kids did n't have enough problems with the basic skills set already , dewey would have them heavily involved in shop and home economics . even more outrageous in dewey 's model is the premise that we ought never force students to study what they do not like . their own intellectual prejudices reign supreme and by implication , teachers are discouraged from evaluating against solid standards . experienced teachers know that kids can easily hide their shortcomings even when required to study their weak subjects , and that remediation is hard to implement before they slip further behind . how could dewey 's recommendation to cater almost exclusively to the child 's intrinsic likes not further disguise and exacerbate low performance ? deweyism of course , like many other off-the-wall theories of education , denies behaviorism when it refuses to acknowledge psychological patterns in man . it depicts formulaic teaching and learning as fundamentally faulty and generalized curricula as harmful to student individuality . nothing could less representative of the quality research conducted , particularly project follow through : the great skeleton in the student-centered advocates ' closet . i 'd personally like to see dewey 's updated plan for seamlessly moving kids , who come into class with their `` natural inquisitiveness '' programmed by tv , rap music , and other pop media , into colonial american history , calculations of hyperbolic asymptotes , tennessee williams , and the `` plus-que-parfait '' tense . but of course , such leaps of interest are unnecessary if we utterly throw out the old-fashioned academic corpus along with the old-fashioned school system . <NUM> % of students in high schools today report that they do not feel adequately challenged . maybe the answer does n't lie in yielding to children 's lack of intellectual discipline but in tapping their potential to control that uninformed caprice . dewey 's `` progressivism '' relies upon the contradiction of allowing uneducated mind educate the teacher on its own education . from the absurdity of it , i can only conclude that sane people latch onto this school gedankenexperiment to maintain an escapist fantasy in light of dismally high drop-out rates , lowered standards , and social discord . but a radical solution is not necessarily synonymous with a good one
dis gy is da kying of da south ! ! ! give me a f * * * ing break . when are we going to stop seeing crappy rapper after even crappier rappers that are so full of themselves that they feel the need to plasture their faces all over every one of their crappy unintelligent so called albums ! ! nothing descent to say at all , just a bunch of mindless [ ... ] . i bet you they do n't even like music , they just want to be a `` celebrity '' and be rich for <NUM> years ( till their broke ) . if they really did geniunly like music , it would n't sound that sh * * y ! ! ! ! get over yourselves ! ! !
imagine a book filled with em dashes separated by the occasional non sequitur . there you have ts , a jumble of a hodgepodge of a melange . occasionally delightful turns of phrase notwithstanding , ts is recommended only to bookish masochists interested in dogs of the shaggy persuasion . ( sterne 's sentimental journey , on the other hand , is a masterpiece .
i 've listend to the cd several times , since i realize that some get better with listening . i do n't hate it . but it is nowhere near being even `` good '' . whoever wrote this band is as good as the white stripes should burn in a musically igonorant hell
my initial reaction on hearing this recording was to deaccession it at once . on better thought , i decided to hold onto it as a striking example of how not to sing the music of handel . nothing works here : the garbled coloratura , the inept dynamics , the cardboard emotions , the lack of arc . the performances convey no hint of sensitivity . ms. fleming 's warm voice has been much better deployed in other repertory , like strauss . but this wo n't do . perhaps more distressing than the singing itself is the rabid loyalty of the flemingites , who obviously consider this singer to be the second coming of callas . this is a discredit to the singer herself , who has remarkable talent and poise and has no need of mindless fans to protect her from her mistakes . to the fledgling singers who admire this recording so much , i would urge a broader scope . a future of handelian singing in this mold is a very discouraging prospect indeed
bill charlap is undoubtedly one of the most talented , lyrcially-blessed jazz pianiasts around today . he has a deft touch and a senisbility that far exceeds his age and life experiences . that told , i find it very hard to give his latest effort , stardust , more than two stars . with very few exceptions , i found this cd to be fairly self-indulgent and charlap rather morose in his intrepretations . it was n't nearly a refeshing to the ear as written in the stars . i would recommend this for a charlap devotee but no one else . he has made better albums
it 's a shame , i wonder sometimes how some no talented singers like rickie lee jones managed to even sing somewhere and have a record company sign them . she 's awful , no voice at all . i rated <NUM> star only because <NUM> star is not available on the scale .
basically , i think they sold out on this soundtrack . alot of the songs that are prominently featured throughout the movie are missing ( for example , sum <NUM> 's makes no difference , mest 's what 's the dillio , bis ' detour ( do you wan na go my way ? ) ) and instead , we find alot of songs of which we simply hear clips of during the competition mixes . now , if they had actually featured the mixes in their entirety , it would be different . but instead we are left with a bunch of , quite honestly , mediocre songs
... to the frank passion and energy of her first release . this is pretentious drivel . some call it more mature ; i find it nearly unlistenable
i read the excerpt in march fortune . just that was enough to make my decision . while some may like his style , i find it tiresome and not one that i want to spend much time with
i do agree that books containing racist positions should not be given to children without a strong and fully aware comment . but i simply can not stand to buy a sanitised version of a book without being aware of it . this is called censorship , and it gives me the creeps . as a parent , i have had enough real life opportunities to prove racism wrong to my children . so to realise that somebody has been cheating on me , trying to do my job so that i did not have to explain how society has evolved , how difficult it has been for minorities to be recognised and respected is just a fraud . this review is about the harper collins edition , edited by patricia c. and frederick l. mckissak , illustrated by michael hague
band camp was funny , but not as good as the first two american pie movies . it was , however , on par with the third movie in the series . there were the usual silly , outrageous pranks and there were a few characters from the previous movies , but not the main characters . this movie was fun and worth watching , but probably not really worth watching again except for the the language features . the movie comes dubbed in spanish and french , plus you can have subtitles in several languages while viewing the movie in any language . so , this movie might provide a fun way of developing or brushing up on your foreign language skills
i found that if you want to learn the language of auditing , have another reference handy . often , the discourse goes on and on and on and could really be distilled down into a sentence or two that had a firm and grounded presentation . there were very few examples so it was difficult at best to try to understand the often high-level conceptual frameworks that were constantly being presented . i also noted quite a few editing errors that probably arose from cut-and-pastes that were not carefully reviewed . also , figures and diagrams were reused and were not carefully reviewed either as information was present that did n't apply to the new scenario
this book is the best i ever read.it tells about all the animals that live there.a short man wacks tree , all the animals are sad that their family will live without tree 's
this review may sound pretentious and ignorant , but in truth i 'm a big fan of british history , so bear with me ! even as a film itself , it 's surreal , and i do n't like the acting . but as with any historical film that includes the british , they 're made out to be the absolute bad guys ! sure we were forging an empire within france ( i.e . the hundred years war ) , but rapists and murdering pillagers ! ? never ! historically accurate , full of british sentiment , and down-right weird . avoid this film today , folks !
timeline is equivalent to a <NUM> cent taco . it 's an indulgent bit of junk food . timeline starts with a hillerman-esque scientist turning up in the middle of new mexico - an intriguing idea , but goes to the land of mediocracy right after that filled with cartoon characters . there are so many preposterous story elements that it 's just really difficult to take seriously . the story is ever-predictable and ludicrous . but , a <NUM> cent taco is worth the effort if you 're real hungry . go back and read andromeda strain .
george has always been my favorite beatle . i have been celebrating his birthday and got the concert for george harrison and watched it on his deathdate , and even wrote my 6th grade biography on him . so , i turned to this book . there were plenty of grammatical errors and false information . i think that it said in the front that he did n't `` hassle any of the beatles for this information '' then how could he even get information such as this . go to i , me , mine it 's a better book because its written by harrison himself !
what do you have ? a family sitting all the time in a perfectly clean house fully dressed and never , ever watching tv . they never have chores ; they never have real problems , and everything is resolved in twenty minutes by a joking father . ca n't stand it
why is it that studios think they know what we like , and even if we do n't like , they know best and we should follow as `` lemmings '' right over the cliff 's edge . this is a classic movie and deserves to be released in it 's original movie-release ratio , in other words , widescreen . i can deal with `` colorization '' by turning off the color ( if i so desire ) , but with pan & scan treatment of a movie , the only other alternative is to not buy the p & s version . i choose the latter . i still have a laser-disc copied to vhs version that is in it 's original aspect ratio , and i will just have to dig this out of the closet . i have a brand new ( bought 3yrs ago ) vhs player still in the box , just for this purpose . wake up hollywood , do n't be a bunch of schmucks , make p & s disappear forever ! ! ! cg13
bep was one of my favorite hip-hop acts of the late <NUM> 's . their debut album `` behind the front '' and even their sophomore album `` bridging the gap '' continued a musical approach and ideology more akin to tribe called quest , talib kweli , de la soul , and the roots than the current gangster rap trend . after this however , bep apparently figured out that they can make more money with intellectually depraved dance tracks than they can with original music . and it 's a shame . money business is a perfect example of an album crafted from bottom to top for pop appeal . in <NUM> ( with elephunk ) bep left the artistic music community and joined the commercial music community . it was sad to see them go
this direct to video `` sequel '' is actually more of a re-tread of the original <NUM> guilty pleasure erotic thriller/film noir potboiler , and another of the countless , and pointless , direct to video sequels to come from sony/comlumbia/tri-star as of late ( cruel intentions <NUM> & <NUM> , starship troopers <NUM> , shall i go on ? ) . wild things <NUM> focuses around a rich girl ( susan ward ) whose stepfather mysteriously dies , and the only thing standing in her way of inheritance is her high school rival ( son of the beach 's hot leila arcieri ) who claims to be the man 's true , biological daughter . naturally , just like in the original , there are plot twists aplenty , as learned by an insurance investigator ( isiah washington , giving a somewhat inspired performance ) , and naturally , there are double crosses , murders , and a redux of the first film 's threesome , only it 's not as erotic as the original 's . wild things <NUM> is n't just a cardboard copy of the original with none of it 's good points , it 's a solid waste of film that even fans of the original film will hate . is it worth seeing ? depends how much you liked the first wild things , but for the rest of us , just watch the original and forget this ever happened
i 've never had this album , never thought about getting this album , and never would touch this album with a ten foot pole . journey by this time in their career , decided that they did n't want to rock out anymore . this is just saccharin sweet pop music for teenage girls . like a previous reviewer said , this sounds like a steve perry album with the journey name on it . i thought they were starting a decline with the release of escape , but even back then they could actually rock on occasion . these mostly are just syrupy ballads or just weak songs in general . steve perry was the shot in the arm that journey needed back in <NUM> , but with this release he 's kind of in charge of the downfall , also . if you like to rock out , this ai n't the album to get , so basically take my advice and stay far away from raised on radio
war books are not my favorite , but even so this book sucked . i will admit when i am wrong about a book but i was not wrong about this 1. from the moment my prof. assigned it , i knew it would be like pulling teeth to finish and it was ! this is notttttttttttttttttttttt a classic or anything close to 1. spend ur ten dollars on a pillow cause you are going to need it
wow , another buncha poetry school dropout pouting girls clutching `` banjers '' and `` gitars '' wearing old dresses and ripping off appalachian and southern culture while the ripping off is good . tune in next year and the bgts will be putting out a calypso record . another one for the `` no depression '' poop pile
how idiotic . so far this cd only plays on my computer . i have <NUM> other cd players , one of which i bought one month ago and the cd will not play . on the back of the cd there is small print saying that `` the audio side does not conform to cd specifications and therefore will not play on some cd and dvd players '' . maybe amazon needs to make that very obvious in the writeup on the cd . i pay my money for the music legally and i ca n't listen to it . i am not likely to pay return shipping on it to amazon b/c it is n't worth the effort or money . i feel pretty ripped off . now i 'll have to copy it onto a cd to listen to it .
ive read reviews for this piece of schlock calling it a `` cult classic '' ( isnt that what they always call crappy movies that only stoned college kids can watch ? ) or `` underated '' ( theres a reason it was underated -it sucks ) . brad pitts performance was laughable . watch any episode of gunsmoke and tell me early grace wasnt a bad impersonation of festus from start to finish . and that guy from the x files , david sumthin or other , mumbles in this annoying monotone throughout the whole film . this guy adds about as much to the movie as those ads for the concession stand.and juliet lewis playing a yet another brain dead bimbo . who woulda saw that one coming ? ? ? the only reason i gave this one <NUM> stars is its so bad it just kept me on the edge of my seat . i think its called `` morbid fascination '' , like when you stop to gawk at a really bad traffic accident - it repulses you but you just cant turn away . if you want my advice ( and you probably dont ) take the money you were gon na spend on this movie and go buy a gunsmoke dvd . that way you get festus and you get to watch matt dillon beat the h * * * outta somebody
jerry is one of history 's great stand up comedians , no doubt . that is why this is worth listening to . be aware that yes , there is a lot of material on here that is old . basically stuff you might have seen jerry perform on an hbo special back in like <NUM> . i think since he regrettably never released a stand up record before he decided to use a lot of this to preserve it on a cd . that in conjunction with the fact that he might not have had that much new material . i wish he had vintage stuff of him recorded from small comedy clubs back in the 80s . i always prefer on a comedy record that it is performed in a small club as opposed to a huge arena or hall . you definitely lose all of the intimacy that i think makes for the best stand up comedy experience . all in all since this is jerry 's one and only comedy record it is certainly worth checking out , let 's face it a mediocre jerry output is better than a lot of comedians best stuff .
there are <NUM> or <NUM> good songs on this cd . if you want to purchase it to make your own compilation for your kids they will love a few of them . others are way to slow and boring for kids to get excited about . there are a couple of them that make no sense at all on a chilren 's cd . it seems like they could n't decide whether to make a cd to put kids to sleep or to pep them up so they did both on one cd . that does n't work for my kids . john lithgow `` singin in the bathtub '' is a much better choice . the songs are upbeat and lively . my kids ask for that one all the time
before buying the album i only heard <NUM> song . when i heard the hole track list i was disappointed . they sound like a lot of other things that are out there , so if you like the `` same '' sound over and over again you might like it .
definitely not as good as `` down in albion '' . that record is magic . this ep is ... i dunno ... nothing special . it 's missing something . mick jones ? junk ? not sure . i had high expectations from pete , and this was a bit of a let down
geez , with all the remakes of old horror flicks these days , i 'm losing faith in horror films altogether . this movie goes to prove a point that horror movie creativity is headed south . the plot sucked , the acting was predictable and the pulse was about as dull as the script itself . i 'm a fan of the blair witch mainly because it struck a chord of truth despite it 's overly abundant attempt to be true , but the brothers who made that film wasted their budget on this junk . there are no doubt kids in grade school that can conjour up better ideas , create more realistic suspense and drive you insane with terror . but these days , horror directors fall back on old ideas , stale scripts with added gore and one or two decent actors , in hopes that their ship might sail , bringing in a budget that will carry them over until a newer , fresher idea surfaces . give me your budget , throw in the towel and let me scare the s # $ t out of you , because if movies like these are all you have to offer up , then the genre of horror has a fate sealed in doom
this book is garbage . tell me of one documented case of human ill-effects from gmo 's and maybe i will sway . recently the zambian gov't turned down <NUM> tons of emergency grain from the us because it was gm . people died of starvation as a result . at least take the time to get the other side of the story before taking this book as the gospel truth . i respect nader for alot of the things he has done . this book is certainly not on that list
ms. reichs has lost the recipe , or at least the focus and formula that has brought her success prior to cross bones . although not nearly as bad as p. cornwell 's last two or three misfires , reichs is way wide of her usual high mark here . in this offering , temperance is out of character , out of both style and focus , and the story is just overly convoluted and circuitous ; a yarn that meanders around heading every which way except toward a finished product . even the writing is unfamiliar and not of the same voice reichs has maintained in her many brennan novels . having finally given up on cornwell , after many years , i 'll hang in there for one more temperance brennan dig ; everyone is entitled to one gong
i am a big brian setzer fan going back to the stray cats . he quite frankly is one of the few artists out there whose music is just fun , lively , and makes you feel `` hey man , this is music '' . setzer is as talented on the guitar as jerry lee lewis is on the piano and in my mind no better compliment can be paid to a musician . every new iteration of brian setzer has been enjoyable : stray cats , to the swing of the dirty boogie , to the rockabilly of the comeback special , and the superb tribute to sun records . but , he missed it on this cd . the song writing is silly and sophmoric . i do not expect to find the meaning of life hidden behind the lyrics found in setzer 's cds but the majority of songs on this cd have all the same elements . some songs are riddled with rhymes children in the first grade use , and are repeated endlessly . such as in the song `` bad bad girl in a bad bad world '' . for example here is a small snippet out of the song mentioned before : she 's a bad bad girl in a bad bad world a bad bad girl in a bad bad world it 's not her fault she 's a bad bad world it 's so sad it 's a sad sad world she 's a bad bad girl in a bad bad world a bad bad girl in a bad bad world it 's not her fault she 's a bad bad world she 's a bad bad , bad bad , bad bad , bad bad girl what garbage ! by the end of the little chorus you just want to give the cd a toss . many of his songs are riddled with the disjointed tempo changes found in punk music . setzer has been able to do this subtly in the past without calling attention to it , but there are a few songs on here that just sound confused . definately not a setzer trait . there has never been a setzer song that i absolutely can not stand , until `` really rockabilly '' and `` bad bad girl '' . the first two bad songs he has done on the same disc . there is not one single song on here that compares favorably with any other of his songs that have come before . i have to mention that i hold setzer to a very high standard , which until now he has never fallen short of . this cd is still far better than <NUM> % of the crap that is being released in today 's market . to summarize i would encourage setzer to get beyond this cd , and return to his thrown a top the music landscape
hey here 's an idea . what if hitler was right all along , only it is men , not jews , who are to blame for all the woes of the world . we should build a new auschwitz and exterminate them all . right andrea ? in my opinion , this is just as bad as any misogynist . it 's ridiculous garbage like this that has set the women 's liberation movement back for so long
having listened to steven 's previous albums , greetings from michigan and seven swans countless times , i can not help but to notice the amount of regurgitation on this album . stevens blatantly rips off his own music . i consider michigan to be sufjan 's masterpiece . do yourself a favor and start there
the book 's case studies , code and build files assume that j2ee 1.4 comes with the pointbase database server . j2ee 1.4 currently only comes bundled with the derby database server . as a result , the book is useless . emails to the publisher failed to resolve the problem
* * * contains spoilers * * * it 's probably fun to make a movie about yourself -- or one that focuses closely on you -- and that is what director solondz has done with storytelling . not only is the film divided into two nearly unintelligible segments , it is further broken down during the final section by portraying a down-on-his luck director ( paul giamatti , the illusionist ) who is obviously a doppelganger of solondz himself . overflowing with apathy , storytelling has two distinct parts : `` fiction '' and `` nonfiction . '' in fiction , which launches the film , we 're introduced to vi ( selma blair , hellboy ) , a young new jersey college student involved in a writing/literature class that concentrates on critique . her boyfriend marcus ( leo fitzpatrick , the wire tv series ) has cerebral palsy and it appears the only reason she 's with him is because of her apathy toward college life and those that haunt its halls . the teacher of the class is a forbidding black man named mr. scott ( robert wisdom , also from the wire ) , a pulitzer prize winner who 's flat affect and bored demeanor heaves a heavy shadow over the class . but apathy attracts apathy in solondz story , so vi and mr. scott have a sexual encounter , if for no other reason than to slip out of their routines and into one another . there 's actually some interesting dark sexual comedy here , but it quickly dissolves . perhaps `` fiction '' was part nonfiction , too , as one could easily see solondz sitting in a class , reading stories that get sledgehammer critiques . the second and final portion of storytelling is `` nonfiction . '' here we find toby oxman ( giamatti ) , a man who ca n't seem to finish anything . but when he discovers a young kid named scooby ( mark webber , the memory thief ) who mirrors toby 's own apathy toward life , the wannabe film maker believes he 's found a new calling : to make a documentary about society . john goodman ( o brother , where art thou ? ) stars as scooby 's father , a big man that pushes his kids and family too hard to become his ideal nuclear family . his wife fern ( july hagerty , airplane ) is just as disinterested in life as the rest of the cast , but hides it behind a facade of smiles . the only empathetic character in the webber household is the maid consuelo ( lupe ontiveros , tortilla heaven ) who gets fired because she shows some interest in life . toby oxman films all of the webber household people but keeps his focus on scooby , whom he sees strictly as a character subject . that the film ends abruptly with the death of scooby 's family , and we still see no emotional response from him , only adds to the viewer 's anger that there 's no one in the film to care about . no protagonist that we can get behind . no angst from any of the characters . they are blobs of human flesh pooling around each other in uninteresting ways . directing a movie about apathy has been done before ; american beauty is probably the most notable of these . but the characters were multifaceted and you cared about them . here in storytelling , the premise seems to be filming a flick about apathy just for the sake of showing apathy
what a lousy movie ! and i read nothing but glowing reviews about this convoluted piece of bad acting , bad storied movie . pleassseee , save your money this is a bad movie , boring and all-and-all a lousy story . i do n't recommend it
thousand foot krutch suck in my opinion . i bought this cd hoping to find a good band but i found a band i really do not like . it is just not the type of music i like to listen too . but it is not good to always base your opinion on people who may not like the same music as you so you should try it out and give it a try i really just dont like it
gee , the cd seemed fine . my favorites are here . `` everything she wants '' ( original ) , '' freedom '' , '' young guns ( go for it ) '' , '' where did your heart go ? `` , '' careless whisper '' ... hey , wait a second ... '' careless whisper '' ai n't on here . the ultimate george michael/wham ! ballad and this is supposed to be a greatest hits album and that song missed ? `` a different corner '' also ? because of stupid remixes of `` i 'm your man '' & `` everything she wants '' ? huh , i rather listen to andrew ridgeley 's solo album than those remixes . really ! psyche
single mom moves with her <NUM> daughters to an isolated property up in the mountains that she recently inherited . there , they encounter zombie kids killed off in a mining accident at the turn of the century . while the acting is somewhat decent ( and the only feature of merit in this flick ) everything else screams - generic . poorly paced , poorly written and completely derivative of several dozen movies you 've seen before . sadly , i 've seen made -for-cable-tv cheeseball flicks on the sci-fi channel with more appeal then this . definitely feel free to skip this film in the after dark collection
steve martin has become a cultural staple in the comic community . with hysterical films and outlandish saturday night live performances , it would be obvious that martin would be a great choice to do a comic album . well , in this film guys opinion , you are going to need to be a big fan of martin to stomach this album . his humor is offbeat , never quite following a pattern or direction . instead of actual jokes , he resorts to making noises on the album that i am sure are funny in person , but listening to it just comes off a failure . his `` cat handcuffs '' bit is humorous , but the rest becomes obvious that somebody was looking to cash in on martin 's popularity . i would have loved to see steve martin in concert during his younger days , i am sure that he would make me laugh my socks off , but it just does n't translate well to day 's style . i am sorry steve , but i liked your other album better . grade : * * out of * * * *
at the end of this diatribe , the author admits that they do n't want him back cruising . and i do n't blame them . he is just one of those passengers that you ca n't please no matter what . is he fussy ? let facts be submitted to a candid world : quote : `` on the ultra luxury radisson diamond , the same waiters that served my partner and me were also serving a table of senior officers and vips . their mineral water was poured from a bottle wrapped in a white napkin ; our mineral water - the same brand ( how did he know if theirs was wrapped ? ) -- was poured without the napkin . '' holy cow ! mineral water without a napkin - how dare they ! at the same sitting , the author complains of a fish head that has fish eyes staring out at him and , guess what , the fish smells fishy ! that 's an earthquake ! more complaints : the food is n't any better than a three star hotel ! ( ever stay at a three star hotel in france ? the food is super . ) more whines : the vips get special treatments and special parties ( shocking ! ) , the music around the pool is too loud , too rap and hard rock , the free wine on board only costs the cruise line only $ <NUM> , he cracked a tooth and the cruise line would n't pay his dental bill until he got a lawyer friend who obtained the money plus `` a meager compensation . '' but the thing that bothered me the most was his inconsistency . he berates the industry for alleged mistreatment of their employees and yet he himself seems to cause those employees more trouble that <NUM> % of the other passengers and he ca n't figure out why those employees , like the bartender on page <NUM> , whom he nagged for several days , hate him so much . he berates the passengers and ships for causing pollution , yet he himself has taken ( and presumably will try to take ) multiple cruises . the massive improvements in waste management and sanitation and pollution control and fuel efficiency are dismissed as not enough . he nitpicks about occasional oil spills but fails to mention that according to the us coast guard <NUM> % of the oil pollution of the seas comes from natural sources , mainly undersea vents . but what 's this ? the author 's website which is billed as a `` noncommercial site regularly updated with links to reports , investigations , and new developments regarding labor , ship safety , and security '' is not functioning . the website is n't function just the way this book is n't functioning . the best treatment for the likes of him is to throw him overboard or make him walk the plank . if you want to know about cruising , instead of reading this piece of junk , get a hold of any book by john maxtone-graham . his `` the only way to cross '' is a classic .
i suppose you will enjoy this if you really like yo-yo ma at his most boring . this is glorified elevator music and about as interesting
this book fascinates me because it was challenged by the naacp in <NUM> for its quiet exclusionary racism
what it this ? disney 's original animated film ` the jungle book ' was made in <NUM> , and after almost <NUM> years they released a sequel ` the jungle book <NUM> . ' what is the point of doing this anyway ? to be fair , the sequel is not a horrible film . it has more colors ( more light colors in the jungle ) and comes with the original 's exhilarating ` bare necessities . ' who can dislike this song ? and the introductory part using stick puppets is cleverly done , letting us into the world of the wild child mowgli and his friends . but after that , about <NUM> minutes or so , the film suddenly starts to look not-so-ambitious attempt to re-tell the story of the original , which should have been ended <NUM> years ago . in this sequel mowgli , who is fed up with the rules of the village , goes back to the jungle where his friend big bear baloo is living and dancing to that charming song alone . now baloo is happy to meet the boy again for he is lonely and needs a partner to do the musical number . but we are not so happy . that is partly because their reunion virtually ignores the original film 's conclusion , and partly because we know the same story has just begun again . the difference between the <NUM> version and this one is that shanti also steps into the jungle with a little boy ranjan , but this slight difference means little to us because both of them are quite unmemorable . after all , the problem is not the fact that the story of ` the jungle book <NUM> ' in fact retreads that of the original because few people would still remember the details of the film made <NUM> years ago . the real drawback is that in ` jb2 ' nothing interesting happens except the last <NUM> minutes where the bad tiger tries to kill mowgli . the film provides musical scenes ( which are decent themselves ) , but they only stretch the thin story . even though i love the song bare necessities , i do n't want to listen to it three times in a short film that only runs <NUM> minutes . to me ( i am living in japan ) the most shocking thing about the film is that like the so-so film ` return to neverland ' ` the jungle book <NUM> ' was originally made for video , and then was chosen for theatrical release in usa and uk . that they can do such a thing is as unaccountable as the company 's choice of the material for the sequel
if you have read harmon 's acting resume online , then you know she has talent , she has the training , and the ability to really play a good dramatic role if one came along . but being a mild conservative ( angie is a republican ) in liberal hollywood can useually mean that the film companies give her really medicore scripts to look at . good advice was bad advice for her . it is miscast with two annoying stars ; sheen and richards ... and some of the worst scenes and dialoge ever in a movie . it has no redeaming values at all and angie deserves better roles then this . this movie was made by artiscan films , which recently went into bankruptcy and is now lions gate films , their films are still bad no matter the name change , and i still wait to see a better movie come to angie harmon
i have never read a danielle steel novel , but my friend bought it when we were inter-railing through europe last week so i picked it up out of sheer boredom . the grammar is atrocious , and the repetitiveness highly irritating . how many times do sasha and what 's his name need to break up and get back together ? how often does sasha need to cry about this artsy guy ? this book was so annoying that i had to literally put it down and stop reading it . i will never pick up another danielle steel book , and i am still appalled that the publishing world even let this one be published !
orson welles was a master of film . but not this film . while i appreciate the message he is trying to convey , his `` cleverness '' is off the deep end . this film is like a big ego-trip for welles . he 's so proud of how clever he is . but the film is a mess , like paranoid , disjointed ramblings . in his younger days he would have executed this with a more subtle style . clever is most clever when it is not obvious . in this film he beats you over the head with the `` subtext '' and thinks he 's cleverly deceptive by trying to hide it in a jumbled-up the story line . i 'm sorry i wasted my time to watch it . i would have turned it off , but given my high respect for welles , i continued , expecting a revelation or twist . alas , no , it was just a stupid movie
ok , i hate to say it , but this never grew on me , i grabbed it when it first came out and , sadly , still it 's very weak . i 'm a huge kool keith fan and this is very disapointing . by far it 's his worst album . he needs to get back with dan the automator or something , these tracks are boring and go nowhere , with a couple exceptions -- so if it 's dirt cheap it 's worth grabbing . this does nothing for me , i hope he gets back on track
this is certainly an impassioned defence of beauty , and a 'feel-good ' book , but it is so lacking in substance is barely counts as a contribution to the debate . it 's incoherent at many levels , most notably concerning the switch from the accepted idea in part one that beauty is always particular , to the claims in part two that it is a function of certain qualities , especially symmetry . asthetic symmetry promotes ethical justice ? the idea of beauty as enlivening is also too simple . this is not good enough as a theory of the link between aesthetics and ethics . the account of the so called 'political complaints ' against beauty is a set of caricatures . there is also a very weak accounts of matisse , whose nice paintings are regarded by scarry as stand ins for real windows and real palm trees ; some sense of what modernist art has done to the concept of beauty and why is needed here . there are many better books on the topic .
this book was pre-ordered and has not yet been published , to my knowledge . you need to check your computer
i loved the original movie , and i love johnny depp so i thought this movie would be awesome.wrong wrong wrong ! ! first of all , the child actors were horrible , well the charlie and mike characters were ok , but the two girl actors were the worst i 've seen in a long time . and what did they do to johnny depp ? he was so creepy and weird . i took my nine year old to see it in the theater , and even she almost fell asleep . if you really want a treat watch the original with gene wilder
i disagree with the spotlight reviewer 's assertion that this movie-musical was overproduced ; it seems more to suffer from spartan-like efforts in production . i did enjoy the fact that part of oz was in an urban setting ( i.e. , the subway station ) , but it looked like they did n't even try to clean it up a little . but enough about the movie , this is the soundtrack ... and as i stated above , it 's a mess . this classification mainly rests on the shoulders our `` diva supreme '' diana ross . stephanie mills set the bar high , and miss ross did not even come close to that standard . she was a visible , vocal and emotional failure . her renditions of `` be a lion '' and home '' ( my favorite two songs } were dreadful -- in the latter she even sang incorrect lyrics . she just does not have the talent or ability to effectively communicate dorothy 's character , let alone sing her songs right . i would rate this with zero stars if it were at all possible . however , the two stars are earned by the members of the original cast ( especially mabel king ) and one addition : ms. lena calhoune horne . she was radiant in voice and appearance and brought the level of inspiration and power up a notch as she belted out `` believe in yourself '' . they alone save this movie and album from just being a total misstep . yet , we still have diana ross here absolutely slaughtering the vocals and pathos of dorothy , so all-in-all it 's just a mess
i hoped to find a great amount of content from this catholic priest . i have long suffered the issues of guilt in the same religion and the fear of god was about being afraid of messing up in life rather than having a healthy fear of the lord . father tom accurately describes that guilt issue . however , instead of expressing how he found the lord to be a forgiving god and that we are in need of accepting his grace , tom moves into a diatribe of panentheism and peppers most of the book with this type of theology that has proven inconsistent in and of itself . if you do n't know , panentheism is a way of explaining that & # <NUM> ; everything is in god & # <NUM> ; . at the surface that sounds great . but there is more to it . it also ascribes that god is so intertwined in the creation that he can not live apart from it . man . that is a leap ... since god is the same yesterday , today and tomorrow , and he was so before he made the earth . ok & # <NUM> ; .. so you see . tom moves away from a real answer to the guilt issue to explain a theology that has no foundation in truth . if you want the guilt answer ... doooo noooott buy this book . instead , buy a bible . holman press just came out with a great one . read the first few verses of romans chapter <NUM> . then buy a couple of great commentaries that discuss them . if you want the short answer . hear it is . & # <NUM> ; we are not ever going to be good enough . and that is ok. god forgives all of us . just accept that fact. & # <NUM> ; do n't stop trying though . it helps others see the good in god when they see it . being good is not for going to heaven . it is to help show others that there is a good god to go to heaven to see !
i am a big dawn fan , so i miss dawn.they could 've replaced dawn with someone better than abby . abby is an obnoxious eigth grader who thinks she is so funny . abby shows of that she is so cool . in the book she tries to help her mom and sister ajust to stoneybrook . abby should have never joined the club . kristy is right when she says that abby is a bad baby-sitter . abby should have never joined the club
as a long time beach boys fan who is in his <NUM> 's , i was rooting for brian wilson to pull this off . unfortunately , this is a very mediocre album and in places really grates on me . my wife made me take it out of the player in the car . `` good vibrations '' and `` heroes and villains '' realize the potential of the <NUM> 's versions and shine as the albums best cuts . most of the rest of the album is unlistenable . it is pet sounds progressing to the next level ( not a good thing ) and almost sounds like a pink floyd `` dark side of the moon '' wan na be , only <NUM> years too late , and not as listenable
i bought this cd thinking i love the song schism so even if the rest of the cd is just ok it will be worth the money . i was wrong . the cd is just boring . with the exception of schism the entire cd is forgettable . this was the first tool cd i have ever bought and it 's also the last
... this is a subtle tip off that this album is not worth buying . not for more than fifty cents . like i said , the only good song on here is the rolling stones cover `` i 'm free '' . and i even like the soup dragons ' rendition better than the stones ' original . but the fact remains that the rest of this album is a dull drudgery of a mess to get through . this album is practically a single for `` i 'm free '' , but with twelve extra songs of filler you 'll never listen to more than once ( if at all ) . hmmm . what else can i say about `` i 'm free '' ? oh , yea ... the music video for the song is quite awesome . its so trippy and tie-dyed out ! but that still does n't change my review . or stoic state of mind . one star out of five
the previous post says nothing about the quality of this book and thus should be considered a definition of the xaml technology rather than a review . in my opinion this book seemed slapped together . it was as if the tech writer of the documentation paraphrased the ms xaml help . there was very little usage of metaphor or humour to make the topic interesting or easier to understand . the code examples are extremely simple and unimaginative . in one of the very few lame attempts at humour the author comments about an animated rotating square and states that , `` it may not be very useful , but it sure is fun to watch . '' i found this attempt at humour insulting . can you imagine having a conversation with someone who talked like this ? if you are like me and you really like to have a paper version of bleeding edge tech stuff , you can be can be forgiven for purchasing this drivel . if you want to save yourself some hard earned cash , just download the ms expression interactive designer ctp and work through the examples . you will learn more doing this in less time . in fact , unless you are stuck on the bus , you are wasting your time with this book .
in short , this cd is half good and half crap . the cd starts strong with catchy guitar , and the obvious sharp synth parts . the thing that gets me is this bands over popularity with a genre of music that has been around for over <NUM> years . frontman brandon flowers complains about other successful new wave/postgarage bands success ( the bravery , the fever , bloc party , moving units ) and that they are `` riding on our success '' . meanwhile the killers go on tour with depeche mode after they reach platinum status and for some reason flowers does n't take a hint . he has simply become the depeche mode of 2004-whenever this band breaks up ( cuz they should ) . unfortunately this band has a lot less talent than depeche mode , seeing as how flowers voice is overly futzed with in mastering and he uses a pitch corrector in concert . plus half their cd sucks and their new cd is n't sounding much better . the new single is awful . quite terrible . now i know this review will get a bunch of thumbs down , but i know that those will be from people who have listened to each single on the radio and know nothing about real music , music history , or probably even how to play an instrument , so it wo n't bother me . if you want real new wave alternative rock check out these bands : the bravery kaiser chiefs moving units bloc party the fever the unicorns wolf parade the dove
kim waters is one of the nicest persons one could meet , but that still does not prevent me from giving a brutally frank review that will hopefully help him in the future . while i could tell that considerable time was put in this project , that drum machine killed this effort . the music here is so mechanical and irritating from that drum machine , i just ca n't stand to listen to it . the drum machine cheapens the sound so much that i can not recommend this cd to real music lovers especially those with decent audio systems . the only composition that sounds like real music is `` daydreaming '' , but this too is somewhat marred by that mechanical drum machine although less than the others . kim , please use real drums from now on . you are a seasoned smooth jazz artist with great talent , but you cheapen your production relying on a drum machine . that machine sounds mechanical with no spontaneity . you are too advance as an artist to have to rely on it . it may cost a little more for a real drummer , but you are in a class where real drums are indispensible
obviously , the only reason disney had for making this movie was to test their newly created caps animation system , because other than a few impressive uses of that , this forgettable sequel has nothing more to offer . while the rescuers remains one of the studios most beloved animated , this one simply falls way back being one of the most uninteresting and bland disney releases of all time
i ordered this movie on or around july <NUM> , <NUM> and have yet to receive it
recordings sound like they were all done the same day , in as little time as possible , with the least amount of studio talent . terrible
these three guys are amazing musicians in their own right but this album just does n't work . from a theory and technical standpoint it 's very good ( some would say brillant ) . if you have a background in music theory you 'll probably like it a lot . there is plenty of meat to chew on when it comes to breaking down the music and understanding what they are doing . but if you have listened to the police , phish and primus and you are just a big music fan then this is probably a very hard listen . it sounds like a car wreak of those three band 's music and there really is nothing new . trey 's guitar work sounds like the work he did with phish ; stewart 's drums are just like the police ( more of the old police stuff ) ; clay 's bass is right from any primus song . it sounds like what they did was take those aspects of their styles that would sort of fit together and just laid it out on this album . that 's fine , but it 's just hard not to think of phish , the police and primus while listening to it . the highlight of the album imo , is army 's on ecstasy . it opens up kind of slow and strange then picks up in a really nice jam frenzy for trey 's solo . that sort section of the ablum works really well together . for that section , it sounds like something outside the relm of phish , primus and the police .
i read all <NUM> of the other reviews here to get other perspectives - a lively debate . there were so many brilliant things said about the film , that i found myself passing out `` helpful '' votes ( to both positive & blisteringly negative reviews ) like they were candy . the movie is an evocative work of art . i encourage people to read all the reviews if they want to enjoy the movie from many different points of view . i agree with many of the positive and negative comments that have been made by other reviewers , but i will limit my comments to items not previously mentioned . the dvd cover gives the false impression that this is a love story about two young lovers , a sort of `` blue lagoon '' from the renaissance . it is not . it is misleading . i concede a ) the story is probably not historically accurate , b ) statutory rape occurred and probably rape under any definition , & c ) tossi was probably inconsiderate , conceited , and immoral . but the quality of a film is not judged solely on historical accuracy and the high morality of the characters . having said that , i do object that the movie , according to the rape trial transcript and some of the best evidence available , is not just inaccurate , but oppositional to what probably occurred . therefore , i critique the film for portraying itself as the story of a real person . the movie stumbles internally because it tries to justify actual historical effects with fictional ( or incorrect ) causal factors . and those cause-effect relationships do n't seem to ring true . having said that , i agree with some of richard burt 's review comments that `` historical accuracy '' may still be subject to interpretation . it is reasonable that artemisia may have been more adversarial speaking in a public rape trial ( defending her freedom and reputation ) than she might have been with tassi personally . and it seems too easy to just paint tassi as a purely evil character as other reviewers have done . there is usually more complexity and diverse/conflicting interests in most people , especially artists . one strong objection - near the end of the film , artemisia says , `` no one dies of sorrow . '' while there is probably some intended sarcasm in the comment , the line frustrated me . people do die of sorrow . my limited experience has suggested that some of the smartest , most sensitive , artistic , and caring people i 've encountered were the same people most threatened by sorrow . and the people i have admired the most are the same people who have been mortally threatened by sorrow . not selfish , controlling , or passive-aggressive sorrow , but rather sorrow that comes from other less obvious motivations - often unidentified & misunderstood misconceptions . sorrow can lead to literal death and deaths of the spirit , character , the soul , & creativity . sorrow is not incidental . sorrow can destroy health . or as the angel of america in `` angels in america '' says , `` the body is the garden of the soul . '' sorrow is worth full attention . the movie tries to examine the effect of artemisia 's loyalties to her father and her teacher . the screenwriter is not bent on us assessing those relationships as simply `` good '' or `` bad '' ; both relationships are drawn as having both good or bad effects on artemesia . her loyalties encourage her artistry and her expression . they work to create an environment that does not inhibit or conceal her gifts . at the same time , they are so intrusive that they almost certainly affect her choices , privacy , and pacing beyond her desired level of influence . artemisia realizes she would probably not be the painter she becomes except for her father 's drive and design . at the same time , she also laments that his constant intervention narrowed the occupations she could participate in - in polite society . may your loyalties encourage seeking and speaking the best personal truths you can find . and may the best personal truths you can find shape your loyalties . compare caravaggio 's `` judith beheading holofernes '' to artemisia 's version of the same painting . her version is more violent , realistic ( less idealized in posing , dirtiness , lighting , etc. ) . her version has the female servant actively helping judith . artemisia 's paintings show a palpable understanding of hate , violence , sexuality & compassion . artemisia likely became expressive of the personal feelings and experiences she knew best . that 's why people care about whether a movie about her life characterizes her experiences accurately - because we want to know what led her to her creative decisions
a cynical grab for more moolah . `` wow ! these guys are real rebels with something real to say ! '' sorry , this re-recording exposes them as the poseurs they apparently always were . hey guys , how about writing some new music ? oh , that 's right . whatever spark you had went out decades ago . i 'm sure i would still have a good time seeing them live , but sadly , they have turned into a nostalgia act . even the cover is a tired , boring re-hash . this gift should be returned
a beautiful song . but , the remix was a disappointment . i thought i was getting the original version . i should have read the fine print . this is the first time i ordered anything from amazon , so i suppose i learned a lesson
i bought this set just for that movie and it 's not on here ! ! why ? ! i am so mad
long time reviewer , first time critiquer . enough to move me to take time out of my precious schedule to write . as an american living and working abroad for a us based pharmaceutical company , the working mother lifestyle is entirely different . the <NUM> best companies to work only applies to the u.s. headquarters . the reality is different for the subsidiary or country operations , where resources are limited and the culture is not supportive of the `` flextime '' approach . in fact it is worst , because country operations are forced to `` nudge '' the books and offer what they call contractual permanent roles ( not the equivalent as an employee role ) , which deprive the working mother of the necessary benefits needed to achieve a work-life balance . as an american living in australia , i am appalled , if not dismayed by this severe discrepancy . for ex-pats living abroad , do n't be fooled by the list .
i think this was one of dolph 's better movies . it does a pretty good job of representing the factions in angola . it has a solid plot . red scorpion does what its supposed to do , which is make dolph the savior of the people in angola while showing off his body . its unrealistic that one man is going to come along and single handedly end a war thats been going on for years ( especially in africa ) but thats why its only a movie .
this is not what i expected from such a gifted artist as jaheim , did he change producers ? the music and the man with the voice did n't go together well for me . this is one i will not be purchasing , it is a serious down grade from his previous two albums . better luck next time , jaheim i was truly disappointed .
i too was n't very impressed with jarhead . i thought half way through that jarhead seemed more like an insider movie for those who actually experienced the marines , and perhaps other branches of the military . for those of us who have n't i just do n't think there was enough direction to keep a lot of us interested . as someone else mentione . i too thought it was going to be a more modern version of full metal jacket , but afte the first few minutes it was obvious it was n't ..
i was not pleased with this cd - i wanted hymns rendered more joyously ....
the sweet escape by gwen stefani is unoriginal , shallow , and the most pathetic album of <NUM> . first of all , she ca n't sing , she ca n't write and she needs to go back to where she came from , no doubt . when she was with that band , the songs were halfway decent and the guys in the band rocked , not her . the only reason she got famous because she liked to show her nasty looking stomach off and she was dating a popular musician at the time who would later become her husband . well honey , you are a nobody and hopefully people will come to their senses and realize the same thing as well . do n't waste your money on this garbage , if you want a real singer then check-out some real garbage , shirley manson instead
i 've never heard of the `` bell witch '' before , and this movie did n't really get me interested enough to care . donald sutherland and sissy spacek must have needed a payday real bad to appear in this clunker : parts of it are so unintentionally funny that they should cut and spliced into the next `` scary movie '' they make . the director , i guess , did n't realize that a lot of people have seen that movie `` the exorcist '' . ( remember ? with linda blair ? oh yeah ! ) the scene that was bust-a-gut-laugh-till-you-vomit was when the girl is picked up by her hair -- you can actually see a wire or something for a minute -- and dangled in the air . it looked so unbelievably fake that i began to see this more as a comedy than anything else . is the entity so mad that it wants to glue the hair of young girls together ( maybe a deleted scene has her waking up covered in spitballs ) . the ending , however , and what is implied about sutherland 's character is not one bit funny and struck me as unnecessarily morbid ; also , the performances and general plotline before ca n't support an issue as serious as incest or child abuse . i guess at some point this was so obviously a clunker to everyone in the crew that the decision was made to throw something really sick into the plotline . it did n't save the movie . the only creepy scene is the ending .
let 's face it . rap/hip-hop basically killed itself during the turn of the century . with no talent retards like <NUM> cent , ja rule , nelly , ludacris , lil jon , d4l , and a million others dumbing it down with processed fake lyrics and repetitive beats that drive real music fans crazy . it 's horrid , i tell you . with a bunch of guest appearances by other mainstream hacks and horrible vocabulary , no wonder the society has gone corrupt . hopefully this hack will stop rolling around in the money and get a job at the local gas station . if you want good rap , go for n.w.a. , wu-tang clan , public enemy , and anything the members in those bands have done . for talented music in general , go for between the buried and me , unearth , chimaira , necrophagist , dying fetus , aborted , the black dahlia murder , despised icon , darkest hour , meshuggah , cryptopsy , basically anything that i give good reviews on .
listen ... i dont know why they put the <NUM> star reviews up front ( probaly to make him look good and cause they problay wrote reviews first ) but if you actually listen to this type of music , this cd really is an insult . if you think sandstorm is the greatest thing ever made , then your an insult to us listeners . the first dance cd i ever bought was infact a louie devito cd . nyc underground <NUM> . i loved it ! me and my friends worshipped that cd and couldnt wait till nyc <NUM> cameout . but as time went on and we really got into dance music ... we figured out that devito just takes the top hits from any category and crams them onto a cd . i mean common ! ... stacie orrico ! ? ? ! then people who only hear these songs in clubs or on the radio think hes the king because hes got them on his cd . do yourself a favor and dont follow cd stores 1-10 top hits concerning dance , techno , trance and so on . oh yeah .. and dont buy the cd . its sad
did n't care for the book . i do n't think it 's easy to follow or well organized
i 'm interested by all the reviewers who claim this book is a good one despite the racist stereotypes of `` savage '' natives because , they say , it 's `` the truth . '' the review before mine is especially interesting ; he proclaims to love the book and reads it to his children as it teaches about defending your home against terrorism . reviewers like myself are just spewing `` liberal diatribe . '' another reviewer asks `` as for the savages , who was attacking who ? '' everyone thinks of the scenario of little edward and his innocent family just living their lives until these terrible indians come along and want to wipe them out . in the interest of historical truth , would you look at it another way ? think of your home and neighborhood . you may have lived there for years , or you may have just moved from a neighboring town . you participate in community activities , your children are educated with your neighbors children , you attend religious services . then one day , a group of foreign soldiers come into your neighborhood , and say it now belongs to them . as americans , how would you feel if a group of italian , english , russian , french , etc. , soldiers did this ? they claim the neighborhood in the name of their government and demand that you leave your home and go elsewhere . pretend no telephones , telegraph , or internet exist . you go to your government and tell them about the soldiers , but they have no way of notifying the foriegn soldiers government that this land is already settled . your government sends an army to eject the soldiers , but is defeated . eventually you have to leave . the soldiers keep coming , and it 's not long before families from the soldiers land come as well . they keep expanding further and further , and forcing you and your family to keep moving , killing many of your family and friends . eventually all of you have had enough of this treatment - instead of fighting only their soldiers , your leaders get small citizen 's armies together to attack their settlements as they have yours . now , who is the terrorist in this case ? if you want your children to know the historical truth , you should tell them the whole truth . comparing the original inhabitants of north and south america to the 9-11 terrorists is not accurate . comparing the european invaders - let me see , they killed the natives who wanted to keep the land they 'd lived on for centuries , and forcibly converted them to european religions , as the native religions were `` heathen . '' if you believe everything i 've written is just `` liberal diatribe , '' go on happily reading this book to your kids , with no true historical references . i 'm just a mixed-blood savage , so of course what i think wo n't count with you .
would n't recommend this at all , most of the songs are not the original recordings but johnny must have redone them on a tired day in the studio . others are from live concerts . save your $ $
i read this book because after i read `` pure '' by rebecca ray , i noticed this book was listed with `` pure '' here on this site . i did n't really care for rebecca ray 's book and i hope this one would be better . all this book did was made me realize that `` pure '' really was n't that horrible . if i could give this book zero stars , i would do it . it plays like an impossible fantasy put together by some stupid <NUM> year old who reads too many boring teen magazines still . in this book , it plays like a long letter some boring teenager is writing to her boyfriend . it never really feels like a letter though . that is such an contrived way for the author to tell her story . the teacher is never named either . the author describes sex scenes and the student mostly seduced the teacher . it sounds really dumb too . like the author will go , `` i switched sides i was laying on to look especially sexy for you '' and if you like hearing that same sort of garbage over and over again , i guess this is the book for you . the author tries to sexualize a <NUM> year old and make it sound like her every movement or thought was about sleeping with her teacher . it was really disgusting that the author would write something like this and it was disturbing too . normal kids do n't think and act this way . it 's clear that the author enjoys the fantasy of being just a teen with a adult lover but what she has done by writing this crap is try to make teen girls sound manipulative and over sexual . it 's nasty . it 's her twenty year old thoughts and words put into the body of a <NUM> year old for the story . her story is not believeable anyway . the uncle and aunt never try to find their niece ? the teacher never gets in trouble or found out for what he is doing ? not buying it . also , the book has very many cringe worthy moments such as when she keeps berating the teacher , calling him stupid , encouraging him to sleep with her , yuck . and then it 's `` darling '' this and `` baby '' everywhere else . it 's sickening . after i read this , i threw it in a dumpster so noone else would have the misfortune of reading it . not even fit to give away . horrible
this looks like a shot-on-video low-budget effort . a young woman gets involved with a drug dealer/murderer who 's sent to prison . she helped him almost escape , resulting in the death of a cop , so she goes into hiding as a club dancer . eight years later , her past comes back to haunt her . the film is decent enough to merit <NUM> stars , but i 'm deducting one because of the dreadful dvd . what 's so bad about it ? i 'm truly annoyed by dvds that keep viewers as a captive audience , forcing them to sit through production credits or fbi warnings , unable to fast forward . it 's an insulting time waster for the audience . but carlita 's secret takes it to new levels . the dvd opens with about a minute of production credits and fbi warnings , followed by a <NUM> 1/2 minute promo short that one is forced to watch . no fast foward allowed , nor does the menu button work . altogether , over <NUM> minutes of crap that one must sit through before the film . then after the film is over , before you can go back to the menu , you have to sit through the same <NUM> 1/2 promo short yet again . hey maverick entertainment , there 's a reason dvd players come with fast forward and menu buttons . it 's so that we the viewer can decide what portion of a dvd that we paid for we choose to watch , when we choose to watch it . instead , every time i want to watch this film , i have to sit through your promo crap . shame on maverick entertainment for stealing the viewer 's time like this . if you get this film , you may want to pop it in the dvd player well before you plan to watch the movie . pop it in and then get some snacks or whatever so you wo n't be forced to watch the promo crap . that should be a choice , not something dvd distributors force down on a captive audiece
while i thought that ms. warner 's points were accurate , she spends the entire book going over and over the same points until one is simply tired of hearing about the problem with no idea how to escape it . i agree that many of today 's famalies are over-scheduled and spending way too much time at daily multiple activities rather than living . this book points out a problem but does nothing to suggest how to combat it . one quote from the book i found offensive was on pg . <NUM> , `` i had no qualms about eliminating those activities i found needlessly boring or stupid-like the lap-sit story hour at the nearby american library ... '' as a children 's librarian i guess i took this harder than others would . i agree that many activities could and should be scaled back and or cut , but perhaps ms. warner fails to understand that story hour is an effort to teach parents how to share books at home with kids . of all the things to cut it is my hope people will opt out of soccer for a <NUM> year old and take a trip to the library once in a while .
i found that if you want to learn the language of auditing , have another reference handy . often , the discourse goes on and on and on and could really be distilled down into a sentence or two that had a firm and grounded presentation . there were very few examples so it was difficult at best to try to understand the often high-level conceptual frameworks that were constantly being presented . i also noted quite a few editing errors that probably arose from cut-and-pastes that were not carefully reviewed . also , figures and diagrams were reused and were not carefully reviewed either as information was present that did n't apply to the new scenario
like others who have reviewed this book , i was very disappointed . i was completely surprised when the story was resolved on page <NUM> and , it looked like i had 1/2 the book left to read ! i will try the next one in case things improve . if not , i 'm done with the series
i 'm not going to write too much . if you need to hear more just check other reviews down here . from all the <NUM> episodes only the first one , by kar-wai , is worth your time . `` the hand '' is well done and typical kar-wai . beautifully shot by his usual contributor christopher doyle , it 's the most compelling and sexy episode of the bunch . gong li , always very elegant , give us a powerful sexy scene and her presence establishes and guide the rest of the story . well crafted but very predictable . the director lately seems to be referencing himself , which is halfway form self parody . `` equilibrium '' is just a bad cinematic joke and absolutely non sexy . other than a few gratuitous and unrelated naked shots , is a simple and boring exchange between downey jr. playing an adman and his analyst played by arkin . but the worst by far is the antonioni 's episode . is just so poorly done and acted that is an embarrassment . the , once , great director should have just retired by now ( he was <NUM> in <NUM> ) and let the rest of the world appreciate his masterpieces
line by line the writing is superb . ford has an eye for making insignificant detail seem important . but here may be the problem with id . the constant shift to describing everything in the narrator 's line of vision confuses my sense of what 's relevant . every other page is a distraction from something i was n't sure about to begin with
this movie is just fake snuff . thats it . its boring , laughable , and not scary or disturbing in the least . watch last house on the left , now thats scary !
like so many things produced and published about the third reich , there is an all too familiar error here . it 's in the amazon product description . the waffen ss were not ( ! ! ! ! ) the `` black clad '' men . that was the algemeine ss . the waffen ss were the actual military branch of the ss and were ( still are ) recognized and some of the best trained and fighting soldiers in military history . the `` black clad '' alegemeine is what made up the infamous gestapo , hitler 's personal bodyguard , the sd and most of the internal ss force in germany and the occupied territories . the regular army panzer troops wore the black uniforms , but they were not part of the ss . the waffen ss wore the field gray and camouflaged uniforms . yes , they were brutal , and some were part of some `` questionable '' activities in the war . but , they were not what most people think of the ss , which is the gestapo . this error is about as common as authors , directors , etc . calling the german army , the nazi army or calling the luftwaffe the nazi air force . most german soldiers were not nazis . yes , their government leaders , for the most part , were nazis , but not the soldiers . i 've even seen some people say , nazi tanks ! ! i was not aware that a tiger tank could belong to a political party ! if amazon can not get this correct in their description , what is the point of watching something like this ? do your research . do not believe everything that is produced , especially by us writers or directors . remember , the winners write the history . english and french produced material is more accurate and more evenly presented . i find that ironic as they were the ones being bombed and invaded . not the us ! !
<NUM> . the persective of most writers is shaped by their own experience . dr.steele is an american black , a baby boomer , a member of the academic elite , a liberal arts major , and a political `` conservative '' .this certainly affects his perpective when he discusses social issues . <NUM> . i felt that he was on pretty solid ground and made some good points when he was telling about his own experiences growing up in a segregated america and during the civil rights movement . his take on the psychological hangover after the <NUM> passage of civil rights legislation regarding the attempts by the white power structure to regain `` moral authority '' by doing good .... and the black power advocates ready acceptance of those attempts ... helps explain some of the dysfunctional after- effects that are still with us . <NUM> . where i disagree with his analysis - speaking from my own experience and perspective of course - is that he takes the race issue which he says has been pretty well settled in the us and then blows it all out of proportion by saying that white guilt is the underlying cause of nearly every difficult social issue in the last <NUM> years ! and he blames the `` dissociating liberals '' ( whoever they are ) for attempting to deal with these social issues . excuse me , but i recall nixon and the reaganites being in power for awhile and the bush dynasty is still with us and i have n't seen a lot of effort being done to get-together and fix things for average folks here in the good ole us of a . of course pressing the guilt button in this mainly judeo-christian culture is a sure fire way to get everyones attention . <NUM> . my point is that by injecting blatant partisanship into the discourse he took a premise that people of all persuasions might coalesce around and instead divides us even further.his statement about red and blue states was a hoot ! how is this helpful ? where are his suggestions for improvement - other than that he thinks bush & co. now have the `` moral authority '' that has been so lacking in america ? some might be inclined to disagree . <NUM> . finally , as a black dr. steele misreads me as a white liberal in that i have never felt guilty about my white heritage - only ashamed for the historically extremely dysfunctional behavior of many of our fellow humans - themselves victims of misbegotten religious dogma.if we stop trying to improve our world just because we make mistakes in the process ......... and if we fail to learn the lessons of the past , we will be condemned to repeat them or be blown into outer space.not a happy prospect for this social progressive and fiscal conservative .
let me start by saying that i love indipendent features and support them fully . a movie like this threatens my support . the actors ( i use that term loosly ) are just dreadful and don ` t have any emotion . the `` dreadful sex scene `` is only dreadful in the fact that they wasted good film to shoot it . the sfx are passable and the story is just a retread . do not waste your time with this . i have to seriously question the reviewer that speaks so fondly for his love of zombie features . it reads exactly like the review that is quoted on the case . if you want to see how good indipendent features can be purchase van bebbers the manson family or the upcoming actress apocolpse .
this book begins with the absurd claim that 'the natural numbers -1 , 2,3 , <NUM> etc- appear to have been present at the birth of the universe ; part and parcel of the original material from which was knit the ever-expanding continuum of space-time . ' the author does not explain in whose mind these numbers are supposed to have appeared or how a concept can be present without a mind to concieve it . like many mathematicians he seems unable to grasp that mathematics is a language . thus it 's not uncommon to hear ridiculous statements like 'the universe is governed by mathematics ' as if numbers exert forces . but this is the first time i 've encountered the claim that numbers existed prior to life !
this movie was on tnt and the dvd will not make it any better . this might be worse then viva knievel from <NUM> . while i thought george eads was a good choice i did n't think so after watching it . the book by steve mandich was great and very accurate but the movie suffers from a poor script . you never find out why evel started to jump for a living . they never show the showman part of evel . instead they show really stupid things like evel going to the bathroom twice in the movie .
the film has its amusing and even touching points , but not very many . the big problem with rh is that neither ford or benning are sympathetic characters . henry is just the kind of self-important , ego-bloated , smug , arrogant , cold-blooded corporate ass that 's helped step on working people for real , so it 's really hard to feel anything for him , shot or not . he 's arrogant even with a gun pointed at him , and the fact that it takes a bullet in his brain to even make him consider acting human is , if you think about it , appalling . and his wife is , in a way , even worse ; she accepts his character so she can have all the material things it buys and status is provides . she goes into a panic when she thinks they may have to give anything up , and does n't become `` normal '' ntil much later . only their daughter has any heart at all . maybe a better ending would 've been henry 's not making it , bening going nuts from losing her stuff , and the kid being placed in a foster home with the kind of people her parents should 've been from day one . barely watchable .
the jokes are pretty much what you would expect and there are a lot of slap-stick sight gags . i normally would n't have bought a movie like this but i needed it to make my johnny depp library complete
do n't buy this movie ... this is not drunken master . the two fellas who gave this <NUM> stars had to be thinking of the real drunken master . i bought this w/o previewing it and saw that jackie chan was n't in the movie at all , it was a crappy movie and then all of a sudden they 'd squeeze in a jackie chan clip out of nowhere . do not buy this movie . do n't make the same mistake that i did . instead , try & quot ; young master & quot ; with subtitles
this album sucks . the song are soooooooo boring . it 's just like listening to cold play but even cold play being on drugs , because sometimes people do n't do things as well when they 're drunk or on drugs . so , if cold play was on drugs they would not play good music and they already suck and levy is like way worse than cold play so what that does that say about their music . it 's just so bad . the guitar player needs to take more lessons , maybe from the lead guitar player from new found glory becuase he rocks . ok that 's all . jason mitchel
let me start by saying the first movie of the series was absolutely fantastic . regardless of the fact that it did n't stick with a few key plotlines in the book , everyone still did a great job adapting the original jurassic park . then came this piece of trash ... whereas the first movie at least attempted to loosely base itself on the book , this one just takes the brilliant writing of michael chrichton and throws it directly out the window . first off , john hammond is supposed to be dead . he dies at the end of the first novel . secondly ian malcome is supposedly dead , or at least mia at the end of the first book , and we join him in a costarican hospital in the opening of the 2nd . there is no bratty daughter , and the entire premise has much more to it . most importantly ... the entire ending in san diego with the t-rex ... which was possibly the worst conceived plot line in the history of movies ... did not exist in the book ! i went into this movie expecting a tightly woven plot , a huge concentration on the conspiracy of having such an island exist , and the anticipation of some good dino-scenes to top it off . what i ended up getting was the writing equivalent of a monkey at a typewriter drooling on a page . not only that ... but because of the lack of plot , the dino scenes are complete over-kill . when you see so much of it , you lose that awe and wonder of the first film . when you see that brachiosaur in the first <NUM> mins of the original film , the wonderment is difficult to rival . there are no such moments in this film . if you 're looking for a quick fix for decent looking dino fx , go nuts . however , if you 're looking for something more substantial with an actual plotline , flick off the dvd player and pick up the book . oh and one more thing ... do n't go near the 3rd movie . they did n't even have a book to be untrue to . i ca n't imagine how much more long-winded and rambling my review would be for that one
bwahaaaaaahaaaaahahahahahahahahahahahha no seriously im not finished holding my sides yet bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha oh man to actually think their are kids out there who consider this music . i know im going to quit my job and paint my face with clown make up and change my name to weakho the @ $ $ clown ( hey it wouldnt be any more ridiculous than any of these other lame retards names . colton grundy ? ? ? ) and i should have millions by the end of the year from all the fuggaloes who are obviously smokin punds of weed out of a pipe to be diggin this junk . canibus or asheru could rip these weak retards inside of one verse minus 500,000,000,000,000 stars . peace to all the real hip hoppers out ther
pink sucks . this is a horrible cd and horrible albunm art work . they gave her too much freedom on this cd since mizzunderstood was a big hit . that is probably why her new song stupid girls is so catchy and sing-songy it makes me want to puke as well . but i guarantee they didnt let this wan na be riot grrrl go all hard core again . if they did , this new disc is bound to wind up in the .99 bin along with try this .
i find it disheartening that so many of king 's masterpieces were treated so badly in their film adaptations ... and perhaps it 's mostly because his books are too complex to adapt well to film ... i 'm not sure . delores claiborne , stand by me , misery , carrie , shawshank redemption , the shining , and the green mile all did well . then we are treated to stinkers like it , maximum over-drive , dreamcatchers , thinner , the running man , firestarter ... and of course , this one . did i forget to mention stephen king 's own remake of the shining ? he should have settled for the original . this film has all the feel of a made-for-tv movie or direct-to-video film ... and , in fact , that 's what it should have been . the film was terribly fast-paced and left out some of the more necessary plot elements of the book . they jumped into the darker elements way too quickly . there is barely a set up for the horror to come . that they left out norma crandall was very disappointing as she added to judd 's character so much . he 's barely even interesting in the film . fred gwynn turned him into a goofy , drawling , old man . over-acted . not subtle at all , as his character was in the book . ellie , the daughter , was a terrible actress . i am sure they could have found a better actress than her . she was whiny and abrasive and her lines were very forced and unnatural . even the cinematography was badly done . everything is way too bright for the plot line . too many primary colors . it felt like they were on the set of a soap opera . at least it matches the acting of the principal characters . they tried to sew it all up with gory makeup effects , but set in the backdrop of a badly made film , it just makes the blood and gore goofy and laughable . the only way this film could be considered `` scary '' is with the cheap haunted-house `` boo ! '' scare tactics ... like when a hand shoots out of the dark and grabs a shoulder . why would they choose mary lambert to direct this film ? she barely had any experience as a director before this gig and most of the experience she did have was with music videos . and , as expected , beyond this flop , she has barely done anything worth mentioning . well , except for more music videos and the follow-up stinker sequel to this film . let 's hope the <NUM> re-make is better .
sure , it 's steamy , and the leads are sexy , but we never really get a chance to know or care about them , so their bad choices and struggle to get together just never seems to matter . in fact it was a little boring . plus , what language are these folks speaking ? i know it 's english , but it might as well be french . the supporting cast is universally nasty , selfish , uninteresting , and unlovable . not much to like here . avoid this unless you have a thing for bloody fights , of which there are a couple
i feel that a lot of bands were good in the <NUM> 's . this band was one of them . while yes , they were a bit poppy and sellout-ish on americana and conspiracy , they still had enough bad @ ss in them to put on a rad song . i think they should have just did a `` da hui '' single with `` the noose '' and maybe `` cant get my head around you '' on it . this sucks really bad . it makes the average conspiracy of one look like a bad religion album ! ! if you must hear , download or borrow . please guys . quit or make good music . its pretty pathetic hearing `` hit that '' next to the godawful creed and nickelbland ! ! so we go from a punk-ish hard rock band that is inspired by tsol and the damned and plays punk shows with pennywise to this ... a corporate radio rock album that is loved by teenybopper frat boys and the mtv mindless
i got this as a gift from my son , since i had just visited tuscany last year and loved the food . i am an experienced gourmet cook . this book needed a test kitchen in the worst way . i tried two recipes : one for polenta ( as basic as pasta ) and a garbanzo bean bread . the proportions for both were totally wrong . the polenta balled up in the pan , and the `` flat bread '' was like a soft egg dish . i checked in one of my favorite chef cookbooks ( sheila lukins of silver palate fame ) and the proportions were very different for the polenta . the other recipe could n't find anywhere . i 'm donating this one to the library for the friends of the library sale .
the expectations for this film were high- a good cast and a promise of a remake of an old movie using today 's technology . alas- the movie was disappointing . the characters were not developed and the were quite flat . the action starts very soon in the movie ( the wave striking the ship ) and thus there was no opportunity for them to develop . the course of the movie did not allow for any significant development . moreover , the special affects and all the action are not very well tied together or simply not believable . for example all the surviving passangers , including a young kid prove to be record swimmers that can hold their breath for a long period . it is a pity as if the script was a bit better and more developed the film could have been enjoyable .
this cd was very disappointing . the guitar rifs were sloppy and there were maybe two songs that were worthy of the purchase
one of the more interesting topics in this book is the arab-israeli conflict . while there is much more in the book than this portion , i think huband 's treatment of this conflict is so far off that it compromises the entire work . and huband begins the section by quoting an arab who says that although israelis say they want peace , they do not really want it . well , what are we to make of this ? after all , we know that the israelis , good or bad , do want peace and do need peace . they spent the past several decades building up a nation . and they want to keep it . that is one reason they need peace . and that is also a reason why it is easy to tempt them with bogus offers of peace , just like tempting a fish with bait on a hook . but just as fish need food , israelis need peace . huband did n't say that . but we know that israelis really do want peace . we know that if israelis are innocent victims , they want peace . we know that if israelis are guilty thieves , they still want peace , just to keep their illicit gains . what does it mean for huband to imply that israelis do not really want ( or do not really appear to want ) peace ? well such a claim is surely a falsehood . but more than that , it is a taunt . after all , suppose a bully decides to beat you up . and suppose that bully claims you want to fight ! obviously , you may well prefer to be left alone to being beaten up . what the bully is saying is a taunt . it 's more than a mere falsehood . it is a blatant way for bullies to tease their victims . that means that huband 's book is taunting israelis . that 's not a very good thing for a journalist to do . it goes beyond telling mere falsehoods . huband also implies that jews have taken arab land , and admit to it . and that they have taken an arab country ! i wonder which one ? and i also wonder if buying land at high prices constitutes `` taking '' it . after all , we humans are living on the same planet as the one that existed in <NUM> . not one human who was alive in <NUM> is alive today . have we all stolen the planet from them ? of course not . we have bought it and inherited it . there has been some theft , but that is no reason to invalidate the right of all humans to live on this planet today . huband implies that the arabs ought to have a greater right to steal jewish land than the jews do to own the land they bought at high prices . that 's bad journalism too . and there 's more . the author calls former israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu an `` extremist . '' now , i might understand making some snide remark about former prime minister yitzhak shamir , who after all was a former leader of the stern gang . one might even do the same for former prime minister menachim begin , who was a former leader of the irgun . but netanyahu ? once again , this is poor journalism . and by the way , you might want to see how often the author calls any arabs `` extremists . '' it is true that antisemitic propaganda and incitement in the arab world has reminded many israelis of similar propaganda and incitement in germany in the 1930s . and that has resulted in some analogies being made between arab antisemitism today and german antisemitism before and during world war two . huband makes fun of such analogies . i think he should have taken them seriously . more bad journalism . the author does take benjamin beit-hallahmi seriously , though . huband quotes him to explain that the arabs are `` innocent bystanders , '' and that the jews are visiting revenge on the arabs for european antisemitism ! this is total nonsense , of course . more bad journalism . now , does a `` one-state '' solution to the arab-israeli conflict make sense ? maybe so . israel exists in order to protect jewish rights and to provide a refuge for jews . it exists to provide a state where jews will speak hebrew natively , attend hebrew schools universities , have hebrew traditions , and so forth . it can do all that in a state which has a large non-jewish population . and israel , even with ten thousand square miles , would be rather small for a state which houses over five million jews . if jewish rights to life , liberty , property , and immigration are protected , a one-state solution may be best . besides , while many people say that another arab state is needed as well , i see no real need for one except as a mechanism to attack or destroy israel . the author agrees that a one-state solution is best . and i think he even acknowledges that israel is part of the middle east . but it seems to me that his reason for wanting a one-state solution is to demolish jewish rights rather than support them . and getting rid of human rights would be bad for everyone in the region . this book is a good one to avoid
are you sure this is not a misprint ? who in their right mind would pay $ 114.00 for a dvd ?
this disc is a huge disappointment ! what happened to the young blues guitar slinger i really liked ? he has completely changed his style and i was hoping we finally had a new blues musician that would grow and grow into a blues great ! this in not blues at all . i suspect his producers at a & m thought they saw someone to make money from , but this is eclectic garbage although his voice is still great . go back to what you do best jonny - blues .
i lent this book to my mil before i read it but told her not to tell me about it or her thoughts on it until after i read it . i could n't get passed the 2nd chapter . i found myself skipping pages that soon . i asked her if she liked it and she said she skipped a lot of pages also and found it to be very repetitive and boring . in my honest opinion it is one of the most boring books i have picked up . it just reads boring !
i 've read the other reviews and i do n't know what version they got but the dvd i received has more than a brief scene of david with his wife ( breasts clearly exposed ) in bed . that scene alone would not be allowed in a pg-13 movie . there is another scene where david is viewing bathsheba bathing . she is standing , completely nude and you can see everything . then the camera pans in close for a `` waist up '' scene and bathsheba and her female helper are washing her breasts and body . this is diffinetly an r-rated scene . this movie is not biblically accurate as others have claimed . people need to read their bibles before making such a claim . there are many scenes that are accurate , but there are many that are not . one example is that in the movie bathsheba would n't sleep with david while her husband was alive . not true in scipture . in the bible , david saw her , had her called to the palace and slept with her . then david sent a letter to have uriah killed . would of been a decent movie without the smut
you have destroyed everything the misfits were about with this album . no wonder glenn does n't speak to you . maybe he would be over your lack of musical ability if you had n't trashed his creation . jerry only sold out the original fiends . this cd is a polished turd
before you dismiss me as a stupid hater , hear me out . i personally think omarion is a reasonably good singer & one helluva great dancer , but i swear to god that this is one of the worst albums i 've ever heard . this album is entirely deprived of emotional depth & there 's not a shred of originality in sight or -more importantly- in sound . you 've got love , sex & below-average club bangers , but nothing beyond that ! if there 's anything that annoys me more than the fact that i bothered taking the time to listen to this near-worthless junk , it 's knowing that omarion 's fans & groupies were insane enough to blow their hard-earned cash & propel this album into the # <NUM> spot on the billboard album top <NUM> ! that says alot about musical standards nowadays . however , there are some bright spots on the album that show hints of true potential in omarion . `` i wish '' is a beautiful slow jam about wishing he never fell in love with his certain girl , while omarion 's hit single , titled `` o '' , will have any girl melting slowly as they listen to his smooth vocals , regardless of unoriginal subject matter . `` touch '' is also another highlight , combining catchy , simplistic , danceable beats with smooth vocals & unoriginal subject matter ( in this case , lust & sex ) . then again , most club bangers do n't need much substance , so it 's no big deal in this case . i personally think this track deserved more success . oh yeah , better not forget `` growing pains '' , a touching song that explains omarion 's break-up with former hit r & b/pop group b2k ! however , <NUM> great tracks & <NUM> above-avergae track ( touch ) are not enough to save this album from falling apart . the rest of of this album is utter garbage ( to put it lightly ) , and anyone with at least 1/2 a brain will realize how tragic this album really is . omarion needs to put more thought & substance into his music before anybody truly begins to take him seriously ! i hope omarion improves if he decides to make a 2nd solo album , but until then , definitely skip this ! ! nb : in case anybody 's wondering why i bothered to review an album i consider to be so bad , it 's because i feel that nobody , and i mean nobody , should be wasting their hard-earned cash on such ridicious , mentally corruptive bubblegum cr * p like this . not only that , but omarion does n't deserve the success his album got . there 's obviously many more artists out there who are more deserving of success than omarion in terms of a solo career
i bought this cd when it first came out as a huge hrc fan . vagrant records also has a quality track record judging from their band roster and their ability to somehow summon up the best of a band . i thought hrc would benefit from much higher production quality as well as the influence of oustanding acts such the alkaline trio and saves the day surrounding them .. however , owning for the cd for nearly two years with many listens has made realize that the band used to create captiving , listenable hardcore is gone . nothing about this cd particularly interesting or grabbed me even on the first listen . the disc loses its appeal early as nameless , medtempo pop crowds the speakers . the vocals are more clear , however ; the trade off is less compelling melodies and a lack of creativity . tracks like & quot ; the pharmacist & quot ; identify a theme of short , competent , but boring songs . i have n't heard anything more form hrc released this album and i do n't think i would shell out <NUM> bucks again for something i would hear on the radio
i was in the army when this came out , working on helicopters . i saw the movie at travis afb in california .... well , as much as i saw . i did walk out of the theatre . even yelling quips at all of the cheezy lines ( and there are plenty ) was n't entertainment enough to keep me from screaming at my shoes . i left fuming and spent the next hour waiting in a cold m1008 for the rest of my buddies to get done watching it . i 'm sickened watching nicholas cage to this very day
sadly , one of the greatest rock songs of all time finds itself on one of the most boring rock albums of all time . to add insult to injury , the notes on the cd cover proudly boast of ' a full eight months recording ' time , which had been 'preceded by a year and a half of reflection and writing ' . we 're talking <NUM> months here , surely time enough to produce a decent album . instead , they produced their only good song , which i 'll say again , is an acknowledged classic , only hated by true eagles fans , as most true fans hate the classics of their favourite bands . if an unknown band had tried to get a record deal at that time on the basis of the rest of the filler , i seriously doubt they 'd have been successful . for good use of studio time see what can be done with just <NUM> hours of it on led zeppelin i
very disappointed with the dvd quality , it is even worse than any new vhs tapes . even at the first time i played it , some part was not able to play . i wish the dvd/cd purchasing policy covered the case how to handle defect dvd/cd . contents do cover a lot bellet movements
buddy holly has a number of collections that are superior to the one put out under the 20th century masters series . every one of the cds in this series is skimpy in content and superfluous . this one is no exception . look elsewhere
by the time you see the ending , you 'll already be wishing that you had n't watched this movie
what so many past and even some current chelas overlook is that there is a difference between sri harold klemp , the man , and the eck which uses and continues to use him as its divine channel in all the worlds of god . recently i took the fourth initiation in eckankar . yesterday , while in contemplation i sang my new secret word with my attention on the current living eck master and experienced the light of god . ford johnson 's assertion that chelas are prevented from becoming masters is a falsehood . before millie moore translated she had reached the ninth initiation , the point at which eck mastership commences . it 's sad to see a former high initiate like ford johnson who has become 'twisted by the dark side '
the new page edition of this book is a true piece of cr * p ! every single page has multiple typographical errors , obviously deriving from shoddy proofreading of the text they scanned . i thought i could deal with it , but it reached the point where it was distracting , so i ordered the dover edition instead . i was an idiot not to get that one in the first place . do n't repeat my mistake
this book in my opinion left a lot to be desired . tamara usually has more on the ball than she did in this book . i know she 's no superwoman , but really her deductive reasoning was way off base here . and , does basil dupre have to show up all the time . i 'm honestly a little tired of him
very disappointed in the contents of this book . i expected more information and patterns
this recording is mediocre at best . while the university of miami chorale is a fantastic choir , it should shy away from certain types of songs . it does n't have the broad range of sounds that the far better byu singers or concordia choir does . 'water night ' is sung well , but not appropriately . this song should be sung without vibrato or it destroys the effect of the setting . the dissonaces that vibrato creates takes away from the beauty of the dissonances that mr. whitacre has written . unfortunately for the listener , vibrato is used in this recording and destroys nearly all of the beauty contained in this wonderful piece . aside from that , the rest of the cd is neither good nor bad . discerning listeners will hear the differences . the music of rene clausen is treated well in this recording , but not understood completely by choir or conductor . if you 're looking for a recording of 'water night ' , unfortunately this is the only one on the mass market right now and sometimes beggars ca n't be choosers so buy at your own risk
this is said to be one of nadine gordimer 's finest works , and she is a nobel prize winner , so i hoped for great things when i picked this one out at the bookstore , unfortunately assuming that the nobel prize would be a guarantee that i would love it . well , i did n't love it . while indeed a competent storytelling , i do n't really regard this as literature . there is not the fire , imagination or creativity one expects , nor the sophistication that should elevate such a work above its peers . i managed to get to the end , but i ca n't say that i felt or learned anything at all . it makes me wonder if there were political , rather than literary reasons that caused the nobel comittee to honor this author .
i am a huge a jurassic <NUM> fan , in fact they are probably the single biggest influence of why i started to like hip hop . on this album nothing catches your attention . the use the same formula that they have used in the past , but the execution of the songs sometimes seems forced . a lot of that has to do with cut chemist not being there . nu-mark is a good producer , but when he steps aside to let others produce the music you can tell the difference . `` back <NUM> you '' and `` red hot '' are really the only two good songs on the album . there are a couple of other decent tracks but nothing that is going to get stuck in your head . also the song with dave matthews band is awful , but j5 wanted to try something new , and i think that is an interesting artistic decision , it just does not work very well between these two styles . this is by far the worst j5 album , if you want classic j5 pick up quality control , or their ep , each of these are defining hip hop
once hooverphonic was a great band . their first album with the brilliant singer liesje sadonius was brilliant and also the second album was great with geike singing quite good . then came a decent third album with a couple of good moments followed bye a very dissapointing 4. album , a live album i did not want to invest in , and now this even worse album . i have heard it once , and i do n't think i will ever hear it again . not that it is horrible , but it is just not worth spending my time for , and geike has now lost all the beauty in her voice , and now sings quite badly most of the time in my opinion . i surtenly miss liesje sadonius ' beutiful voice in this band . anyone knows what has happened to her ? but back to the album and the conclusion . if you did like hooverphonics first albums best , then do not buy this and be dissapointed once again . but if you did like the 4. album , you will surely also like this .
be does n't live up to the hype ? whoever wrote that editorial needs to be punished . the court jester does n't deserve to live . not only does be live up to the hype ; be is the hype . common and kanye reminiscent of quincy and michael , the early years . when michael was still black and male . simply stated , be flows . if be were any tighter we could n't afford it . no need to skip or go back . just enuff songs to make you listen to it again . great work of art . common and kanye - damn ! ! ! !
overall , the book provides a good coverage of the exam material at a reasonable price and is easy to read , especially if compared to harris book and the official ( isc ) <NUM> guide . at the same time , i noticed a few typos and inaccuracies , which was very unfortunate . that was why i gave it <NUM> stars instead of <NUM> that it deserves . at the end , it did the job , and i passed the exam , although , after reading this book , i reviwed a few cbk domains i was less familiar with in the official ( isc ) <NUM> guide . unfortunately , none of the books i checked , including a more expensive harris book and moreover , none of the cheap overviews like the passport book , provides a <NUM> % coverage of the material that is tested . therefore , unless you have a real it-related experience , you may be caught by surprise at the exam , no matter which book ( s ) you used . as for the typos , even the official guide has a few
wack cd . low quality producer/s and talent . except for about <NUM> or <NUM> artists ( rakim & ken-y being the only reason i gave it <NUM> instead of <NUM> stars ) this whole compilation is a complete waste of your time and money . if you value your hard earned money then may i suggest `` los kambumbos '' . it is a compilation of high quality produced by dj jova and it includes a pantheon of quality artists including ; trebol clan , khriz & angel , nicky jam , tito el bambino and more .
- its hard to be emphathetic towards a protagonist who 's depressed and decides to have an affair when she already has a great husband , two healthy children and no financial worries . two stars because the addition of the `` history of happiness '' ( research for a book she is writing ) was interesting .
i purchashed this cd remix single thinking it was a medley of the original songs , but it turns out it is just prince remaking his old hits and blending them together . it 's a little deceitful that it does n't say on the cd that these are re-recorded versions . very disappointing
everybody seems to think this band is innovative or something . they sound exactly like 'beard of stars ' era t-rex . well , almost , because ac does a lot more layering with tons of effects . what are they hiding ? the lyrics ? anyway , if you 're going to rip people off , you should give props . shame on animal collective
jesus , i 'm not sure that they could have picked a worse cast for this terrible movie . the only redeeming thing about it , was mia kirshner who gave an amazing performance as elizabeth short . but besides her i the story was windy and contrived , too many characters and nit enough convincing acting to really pay attention too closely to . mia kirshner is the only reason this movie gets two stars from me .
d item was not fo me but d bits and pieces ive seen of d show r really gud and if ur n <NUM> d hole prison ting den dis is a gud <NUM> <NUM> go fo
kinda bored ... the script needs more sharpening and concentration . except the major role aidan quinn , other casts were a poor cast job expecially the cast of geoge washington . i failed to feel any emotion during the viewing and should blame the outcome to its screenplay writer
aol music allows you to download the entire concert for free , which is far better than this dvd . this is not a dvd of the las vegas concert ; it is a dozen music videos , all of which were created from the concert footage . the director has chopped-and-diced this concert beyond enjoyment . the sound is not in true surround sound , and the mtv-style quick-cuts and wacky angles are so annoying as to make the video unwatchable .
lover 's lane .... another no brainer slasher movie straight to video and its really horrible . lover 's lane is the hot spot to where you wan na go to make out but <NUM> years ago some people were murdered up at that joint and <NUM> years later , some relatives of the people who were murdered up there ( always is ) are tormented in the present but the `` hook man '' from the urban legend . pretty much a snoozer with bad acting ( who calls this acting good ? ) . how many screaming teenaged girls have we seen in movies ? it only works if the movie is good and this is not a good movie . the plot twists and turns arent even that great .... idiotic writing . starring : riley smith ( radio , <NUM> legged freaks ) , erin j . dean ( lolita , a pig 's tale ) , suzanne bouchard ( joyful partaking ) , sarah lancaster ( four kings , dr. vegas ) , diedre kilgore ( good luck , the falls ) , billy o'sullivan ( a change of heart , rites ) , matt reidy ( hit and run , carried away ) and anna faris ( scary movie 1-4 , just friends ) in one of her earlier movies . nothing can save this from being thrown over a cliff .... it 's ridiculous
the slight actor in the title role is more suited for light comedy . unintelligible at time .... not what the books are about
if you are a programmer and in a hurry to implement your own graphics filter then do n't buy this book . its treament of the various formats is essentially devoid of any examples and detail . a very superficial book with large fonts a & quot ; buttons & quot ; fulfilling the need to ensure bulk to the book at the expense of content . there is no cd with example coding and decoding examples , very very few tables of giving a graphical view of the file structures . in short it is a poorly presented and poorly written book ... hardly worth $ <NUM> rather than the $ <NUM> they are asking .... go by the o'reilly book encyclopaedia of graphics formats ... expensive for sure but it has what this book lacks and that is content
i really did give this a chance but i ca n't say i like the show . it focuses more on the `` police '' aspect and less on the science , which differentiates the csi series from most of the other garbage out there . i know david caruso has his fans but i just ca n't appreciate him in this vehicle ...
think this is a 'fun ' sampler of b movies ? think again . contains offensive pornography . not terribly sexually explicit but full of violent and degrading situations . i feel guilty giving it <NUM> star , but that was the lowest rating available
i agree with the previous reviewer : this recording contains about three minutes of musical bliss . the rest of it is self-conscious and belabored
this ecm disc contains four works from the late 1980s and early 1990s by estonian composer arvo part , performed by the estonian philharmonic chamber choir and the tallinn chamber orchestra conducted by tonu kaljuste . starting in the mid-1970s and continuing through the era of these recordings , part composed in a style he called `` tintinnabuli '' for its bell-like tones . the austereness of the music and the religious titles of many of his works have earned this genre the name `` holy minimalism . '' these four pieces i found these to be the most forgettable of part 's works . `` te deum '' ( 1984-1986 ) , dedicated to the music publisher alfred schlee , is the oldest piece here . at almost <NUM> minutes , it is also the longest . a setting of the well-known latin hymn , `` te deum '' combines choral moments with some striking passages for strings . while i do n't care to return to it often , the piece is for me the high point of this otherwise dismal collection . `` silouans song '' ( <NUM> ) is an instrumental work inspired by the poem of st silouan the athonite which begins `` my soul yearns after the lord and i seek him in tears . '' it is unmemorable music , sounding like a film score , and covers no interesting ground in its five minutes . `` magnificat '' ( <NUM> ) , a ghostly a capella setting of mary 's words after her visitation by the archangel gabriel , is similarly disappointing . `` berliner messe '' ( 1990-1992 ) simply baffles me . with a theme like the mass , one should produce something grand and moving ; simply look at what mozart did with his several masses or , among contemporary works , ligeti in his requiem . instead , part gives a dull , lifeless , and barely-audible work that has few redeeming qualities . the `` berliner messe '' was revised in <NUM> , and that version can be found on the recent naxos disc . the booklet contains the text of each of the choral works , along with translations into german , english , and french . it also has many photos of the beautiful lohja church in finland where the pieces were recorded . however , like the rest of the part releases on ecm , there is no biography of the composer or musical analysis , a phenomenon i am beginning to get fed up with . i have generally been hard on part 's work during this period for lacking any real orthodox sincerity , though his passio of <NUM> stands as an important exception . part really hit his stride during the mid-1990s , when he began to broaden his style and use elements from his eastern orthodox faith , a time when he produced his magisterial setting of the `` kanon pokajanen '' pentinence text of st andrew of crete . his tintinnabuli works could at best be called merely entertaining instead of truly insightful . however , the pieces represented here are not even that . if you have never heard the work of arvo part before , i 'd recommend getting the litany or kanon pokajanen discs or , if you want to hear music from his tintinnabuli phase , the tabula rasa disc , all of which are also on ecm . this te deum disc is best left to completists
do n't get me wrong . i love the story . i 've seen it in the cinema in the <NUM> 's and i still love it . but the issue why i gave low ratings is because of the dvd . this is the first time i 've seen a dvd where the makers of it , puts watermark images of the company in various scene in the movie . talk about advertising ! second , on the cover , it was written that the movie has undergone digital transfer . the only thing that i think , where the movie got it `` digital transfer '' is from a poor quality vhs tape to dvd . this is absurd ! even the soundtracks bear the quality of a bad tape recording . i 've watch other sonny chiba 's movies from the <NUM> 's in dvd format like ninja wars and gi samurai aka time slip and both quality is what a dvd should be . this one is clearly an attempt to make a quick money at the fans of the man . the first <NUM> reviews , refers to other movies and not the one in question . to amazon , please remove this item from your listing .
i wish this would have a little more back bone . maybe i just like longer movies . if it were a little more meaty with a little longer plot it would have been a great movie . instead it leaves you hanging and saying what
i picked this book up at my public library because i had put it on my reading list a while back when i saw that the president ( ! ) of the united states george bush read it while he was on vacation too . i went to my local cofee place and got a medium regular cofee flavored cofee but in a large cup ( so theres room for plenty of milk which i like and also you only get charged for a medium even though its in a large ) . anyway i am reading this book and it seems okay but then this guy with a laptop bumps into my chair where i have rested my cofee which is not at all my fault because thats why the chair has a little ledge there . so then this guy says he is sorry but that doesnt exactly unspil my cofee if you catch my meaning . and he offers to pay for a new cofee but it doesnt really matter its the principle of the thing . anyway then he leaves and i notice my copy of the book has cofee spilled on it not just my pants as i thought previously . so i 'm not about to read a book with cofee stains all over it so i take it back to the library . now here i have to point out that i had a little incident a couple weeks back with the librarian and long story short they lost a book about a fireman that i returned and made me pay for it but not without a fight . well you better believe that same librarian who yelled at me is watching me now whenever i go in there and she sees that cofee stain right off when i turn the book in . i explain that its still perfectly good and you can still read it and it wasnt even my fault and maybe they should get the $ 8.50 from the cofee house they made the cofee not me . but you can guess how this ended up . i am down another $ <NUM> dollars and change ( i paid the .50 cents in pennies i got from the place i keep pennies in the car which got me a cross look since i counted them out one by one but it was worth it ) . and i never finished the book since it was ruined . but ! i liked the parts i read `` okay '' and if the president likes it i guess it gets four stars only i made it two stars because i only read half . maybe i will read the second half later if that librarian retires and then i will come back and give this book it 's missing two stars if it ends well . lesson learned is life is not always fair but you `` keep on keepin on '' like they say
do n't get me wrong . the music that makes up 'phantoms ' by the fixx is absolutely unique and wonderful . the one star is aimed at the corporation ( s ) that now own ( s ) these recordings . in an attempt to give the fans of this music something to enjoy , universal music/one way records has screwed this one up - bad . how ? they reversed the stereo image . to illustrate this all you need to do is imagine that guitar part that was previously known to reside on the left in the stereo spectrum - in the `` remaster '' it is now on the right . while that harmony vocal that you had previously heard on the left of the stereo spectrum is now -yup- on the right of the stereo spectrum . therefore , a complete reversal of the stereo image - in every song , from start to finish . kids , this is a major bummer . in <NUM> i purchased the vinyl version of 'phantoms ' , which i grew to quickly love . so when it hit cd for the first time i added that to my library without hesitation . but like many of those recordings that were transferred from the original analog tapes to cd format in the <NUM> 's , i found the sound of the cd lacking warmth and bass response . because of that reason i hung onto my original vinyl through the years . recently , when i learned that 'phantoms ' had been `` remastered '' and reissued - i was hoping to get the listening experience that this music so much deserved when it first hit cd . i am very sorry to say that it did n't happen with universal music 's `` remaster '' . it 's a shame . the fact that three years after the re-release ( it came out in <NUM> ) no one has publicly voiced their discovery of this not insignificant error is a little surprising to me . if i had n't of a/b tested this `` remaster '' to both the original vinyl and the original cd release by mca records then i may not have caught the reversed stereo image error right away . thankfully , i did , and hopefully someone will do something about it . i would also like to point out that i am deeply disappointed that universal/one way records did not use the original liner notes for 'phantoms ' , which in essence discredits all of those people who were originally responsible for producing the music and getting it out there . i see no clear reason for leaving those people out and in their place only giving credit to the `` reissue producer '' and `` remastering engineer '' . again , all of this is regrettable and shameful because 'phantoms ' truly deserves much better .
had to get a credit because vendor never shipped and would not respond to email
i am not someone who hates sequals . i absolutly hate the first dragonheart it is a masterpiece . great effects , great story , sad ending . it is a five star movie all the way . this is horible . first of all the effects are awful . many dragon films form the 1960s looked better . drake looks like a cartoon . the plot is worse then the effects . it involves finding a dragon egg . where did he come from . the first said draco was the last one . now this movie said he was n't . this ruins the first movie . the acting stinks . i ca n't believe anyone over the age of <NUM> would like this ... watch the first dragonheart
what was an exciting adventure novel back in the <NUM> 's for a young pre-teen ( was i ever so young ? ) on re-reading now turns out to be a silly james bond knock-off/summer beach book . the most grating conceit is the author 's habit of giving every * single * female charactor a `` clever '' name ( anna bidet - french , randi knickers-english , jemima brown-african american , etc ... ) . it has n't aged well
i remember when this recording came out and wynton marsalis was being hailed as the second coming of jazz . i picked it up right away . i was mystified by the souless mimicry of art blakey 's jazz messengers and miles ' 2nd great quintet -- this punk was supposed to be the savior of jazz ? listen as wynton negotiates technically difficult arrangements , stopping on a dime ! marvel at his ability to explore the full range of dynamics within two bars ! ! gape in wonder at the fussy arrangement of think of one that strips the tune of any semblence of swing ! ! ! i get it , wynton -- you 've mastered the trumpet , technically speaking , which is no mean feat . and you can read music . bully for you . the only trouble is that you have nothing meaningful to say . ordinarily , i 'd feel sorry for you , having wasted all those hours of practice , except that you trashtalk musicians whose dirty drawers you are n't worthy of washing . people like john coltrane , joe zawinul , miles davis , wayne shorter , herbie hancock ... i could go on and on , but i think you get the point . this music is jazz by and for people who think that the best way to honor the past is to preserve it like a roach in amber , thus killing it .
what the hell is this ! ! ! do n't see this movie at all.i do n't know what these people are on , but do n't believe their lies.the story goes when this kid and his mental girlfriend are in a motercycle accident and the kid 's girlfriend dies so he brings her back with 2-4-5 trixon.get this know the zombies eat flesh ( you heard me , '' flesh '' not brains but `` flesh '' ) .if you own this movie take it out to the back yard and eighther shoot it with a bb gun or burn it
lewis ' qualifications as mid-east scholar sound impressive but i was disappointed by this book . although interesting , some of the essays are indicative of senility . the title says `` interpreting '' so i will allow him creative license . expect to find the kind of stuff you would look for in stalin 's treatise on the u.s. constitution
this is a skeleton of a bible names dictionary . it does not give the pronunciations correctly , and absolutely no references at all to where each name can be found in the bible . when will someone come out with a truly useable bible names dictionary ? this is definitely not it
i hope people do n't start to think of this movie as alien <NUM> . in my mind this is a whole new venture , one that is separate from any of the work that sigourney weaver did on the first four alien films . the first <NUM> films are pretty good and i really like the whole series . it works rather well and i would love to see another alien film with sigourney in it . i think they could pull off one more film . ripley 's a great hero . this movie was pretty bad . the only reason i give it <NUM> stars is because of the special effects . i felt like i was watching a scooby doo version of alien . whoever greenlit this film clearly just wanted to make money . the plot was .. well .. stupid and the atmosphere of the movie was pretty much non-existent . each of the first four alien movies were provocative in some sense no doubt because of sigourney 's involvement . this one was as boring as a white wall and it was as cheesy as a funhouse at a state fair .
sorry ... i expected the original lineup when i purchased this cd . now i 'll have to go looking for all the songs that are missing ... buyer beware
do n't buy it . if you can get carpet man on another collection , do so . he 's better off not trying to be hip because he is not . i purchased this for historical purposes , but if you ever wonder about pop idols trying to be hip , tommy roe did a little better with winter 's day
compared to argento , i must say that mario bava is for me entirely overrated . he might be a pioneer , but as a stylist he is sadly lacking . his seventies work is more often than not tiresome and tawdry , even if you like horror films . argento fans seeking out 'shock ' on the strength of daria nicolodi 's starring role , music by two members of goblin ( under the nom-de-plume ' a.libra ) and srgento 's supposed giallio-based debt to bava should buy 'shock ' with caution . although it is an authentic slice of eurohorror and better than the contemporary garbage horror hollywood churns out , it is still a fairly dreary , dull , repetitive flick with few high points and many annoyances . finally , the sound and picture quality are fairly poor even when compared to some of jess franco 's rubbish ( and that 's saying something ) - my dvd of the silly 'she killed in ecstasy ' , filmed years before this looks and sounds far far better . shame daria never made films without argento that are better than this ..
hooba ... stank ... stinks and will always stink . i do n't know about the rest of the cd , but listening to the reason is about as pleasant as sticking your hand into a running garbage disposal . i 'm not a perfect perrrrsssonn . egad
american pie : an immature , mindless , vapid , boring , blandly disgusting , humor lacking piece of over-rated trash packed full of cliches , highschool sterotypes , annoying horny teenaged behavior performed by a wonderful cast of grade a douchebags .
i have been a fan of oregon 's since they surprised me at the <NUM> newport in new york jazz festival . they walked onto the avery fischer hall stage in saffron gowns , grabbing their tablas , sitars , and other indian instruments , and all i could say to myself was , `` oh , this wo n't be jazz . '' their electrifying performance proved otherwise . it was the best set i heard in the entire festival , and oregon went on to be a progressive force in jazz for many years afterward . however , i found `` prime '' to be much like the homogenized music that populates the `` smooth jazz '' airways . though their performances are still of virtuoso quality , the compositions on this cd struck me as formless , generic and unmemorable . i will always appreciate oregon 's body of work , but i can not recommend this cd as one that is representative of their prodigious gifts
i have no idea whether mr. spector is guilty of the serious charges against him , but he stands convicted of allowing his retrospective box to be released with some of the muddiest , dullest mastering in memory . sound-wise , a total mess . of course , many of the tracks are indispensable .
what a load of garbage . equating a camera with a gun and the act of photography with a violent crime , is so ridiculous it does not even deserve to be discussed . she has no idea waht she is talking about
i really enjoyed the music , once i resigned myself to playing it on my dvd player when the cd would not play for me . i was disappointed the cd would not play . if i had known there would be a problem , i would have just ordered the regular cd . jane monheit has some classic christmas tunes , as well as some lesser-known ones , such as `` the man with the bag '' which i thoroughly enjoy . i do n't find the melisma as bothersome as some other reviewers do . it does n't seem distracting and allows her to make the songs her own . just for fun , i checked out the `` live '' performances and was unimpressed . with so many music videos that have high production value , her videos feel gimmicky at best and simply can not compete . in addition , her lip-syncing seems amateurish . i can not recommend this feature at all , thus my two star rating on this item . my advice : by the regular cd . i plan to send this dual disc back , if amazon will accept it , and get the regular cd . that way i can listen to it in my car and have the ability to put in on shuffle with some of my other favorite holiday tunes , which is why i bought it in the first place . i 'm sure her cd will become one of my family 's holiday staples
i was going to order this , having ordered volume <NUM> of the same title , when i noticed that this has a track on it that is also on volume <NUM> , & quot ; goody two shoes & quot ; by adam ant . why in the world would anyone publish a 2nd volume of a cd set and include a duplicate track on it ? ? ? rip off
call me shallow , but , from the cover of this book ( a whimsical , illustration with an equally whimsical font ) , i thought , being unfamiliar with this author , that i was in for an anna maxted/shannon olsen type of read . ( sorry if i spelled the last names wrong ) . i do like reading novels of substance , but i felt that the cover design on this novel completely misrepresented the content . i am disappointed . i am ( substance or not ) perplexed by the novel 's structure and not too interested in the gazillion characters presented ( there are too many for my taste ! ) . also , i felt like the fact that nora kept commenting on the fact that there were & quot ; too many characters & quot ; and & quot ; no plot & quot ; in the protagonist 's stories were just excuses for putting in too many characters and failing to develop a plot . it 's probably just all way over my head . i can tell the author is talented , it 's just not my speed
i realize that this batch of films is aimed at older teenagers and college kids , not adults over the age of <NUM> . however , you can probably do much better picking out films your kids will watch than this collection . that 's not to say that there are n't some great yet silly films in the batch , because there are . next i describe each film in descending order of quality . uhf ( <NUM> ) - this is a great film starring weird al yankovic as a directionless young man whose uncle gives him a rundown tv station to manage . his unconventional programming turns things around for himself and the station . cooley high ( <NUM> ) - this is a great film for all ages , and was the basis for the sitcom `` what 's happening '' , although it only faintly resembles it . it is set in south-side chicago in the mid <NUM> 's , and concerns a group of high school friends that have numerous comic encounters , but there is also some tragedy involved in the plot . bill & ted 's excellent adventure ( <NUM> ) - the first one was very funny and fresh , and keanu reeves will always be ted as far as i 'm concerned , even if he winds up doing shakespeare at some point . the plot concerns two slackers who are about to fail history that are given some help from a time traveller from the future . the only problem is that it is so steeped in <NUM> 's pop culture that your kids may not get half the jokes . bill & ted 's bogus journey ( <NUM> ) - the second one is still funny , it just seems to try harder and not get quite the same comic effect as the first . the rest of the movies are under the national lampoon label . dorm daze ( <NUM> ) - one of national lampoon 's better college farce movies , with the plot set up by a series of silly misunderstandings . the closest thing you 're going to get to `` animal house '' <NUM> years after the fact . going the distance ( <NUM> ) - a canadian version of roadtrip . this movie was better than i expected , with a lot of good interaction between the main characters , but still not that great even for a teen farce . class reunion ( <NUM> ) - this movie had all the ingredients to be funny , but it just bored me , even in <NUM> . top that off with all of the <NUM> 's and even <NUM> 's pop culture references , and i do n't think it would do much for today 's kids . the last three movies are just awful - `` movie madness '' , `` gold diggers '' , and `` van wilder <NUM> : the rise of taj '' . i wo n't even bother to describe them . when i say they 're bad , i 'm saying they are boring and completely unfunny . if you force your kids to sit through these three films as part of their summer break , they 'll be looking forward to going back to school . the end result is you have three good to excellent films that are all older movies , four mediocre to ok films , and three horrible movies . i think you can do much better at entertaining your older teenagers/college kids than this collection
it sucks and the album cover is pretty boring to
does anybody have the live album recorded @ carnegie hall ? ? ? what a great record that one was ..... but i ` ve seen it no where ...........
i have to agree with the other reviewers . `` legend of the rangers '' looked promising but ultimately did n't deliver . the sets and effects are excellent and the actinng 's not bad . and of course it was great seeing andreas katsulas reprise his role as narn ambassador , now citizen , g'kar , however these three elements could n't save the film . the mysterious alien race threatening the liandra 's crew were too much like the shadows of the series . if you 're a die-hard b-5 fan you 'll want this film , but if you 're looking for an introduction to b-5 go with the season box sets . all-in-all not jms ' best . which is sad because it had promise
i read the first chapter and i was puzzled . then i went back , read it again , and laughed . my tenth grade creative writing class can make a better effort at a plot , dialogue , and characterization than that , and be witty to boot . as for the quality of the writing , just the dialogue in the quick stop scene was enough to make my head spin around and explode . after reading this , i was n't sure whether the author was high , or if he just had n't seen a lot of buffy and decided to make up the show and the characters ' personalities ( into something so juvenile and whacked out , it was almost incomprehensible ) . did they let a 13-year-old fanboy write this ? no , that ca n't be , because there is fanfiction out there that is many , many levels above this . ... do n't waste your money on this atrocious mess
i bought this for my mom and even though she 's a big fan she only liked the first <NUM> songs . the second disk is a complete snooze
i think shakira sucks a lot . she ca n't sing . i do n't understand her musical appeal
eric johnson is as talented a guitar player as god ever put on this earth . his chords and notes are so clean , it defies belief . you wonder out loud how someone could master an instrument as well as he does . growing up in austin , i have had the chance to see him numerous times , and my opinion of him has not changed in <NUM> years , he ca n't sing ! i am sorry , but eric has always had this desire to be a pop star . so many people in austin just cringe at concerts when he stops rocking , so that he can sing one of his sappy lyrics . it is a waste . now do n't jump on me ! i love the guy ! but i wish he would stick to playing guitar and quit the singing . the guy just has so much talent
i have not bought this book as i would not let one penney fall into garrison 's pocket , but i 've perused this volume heavily . i wish that i could have given it <NUM> stars . the author is an unreconstructed confederate who , whenever there is a remotely possible sinister way of interpreting lincoln 's actions , prefers to submit that view rather than acknowledge the findings of recognized scholars ' research . for example , he claims that lincoln is responsible for the creation of the & quot ; imperial presidency & quot ; , making possible the abuses of nixon , vietnam , etc . but he does not show that lincoln 's powers were often balanced by a war conduct committee , that the presidency went on to lose considerable authority and esteem in the reconstruction years , and that lincoln himself acknowledged that , except in the case of national emergencies , as the civil war was viewed , the president lacked powers to do many things ( like the emancipation proclamation ) . garrison also blames lincoln for being uncompromising and contends , without proof , that the confederacy 's desire to continue as a separate nation would have faded , if allowed , resulting in reunification . but most scholars acknowledge that the individual states would have sooner seceded even further into smaller nations , and that other states in the union would have found reason to secede into new confederacies . thus , as i 've said , garrison 's trash has been disproven yet he pretends as though it has not even been noticed by scholars . it is the vitriolic spite of an unenlightened confederate clinging to the bitterness of ancestors . this book should be relegated to the heap of trash-writing never to be recovered
possibly the worst book i have ever read . the `` style '' could be bested by a not-too-bright fifth grader . the plot is an imbecilic rehash of the divinci code . do n't bother keeping track of any details , because everything turns out to be irrelevant . if you want to entertain yourself and your friends , however , check this out of your local library and get mildly drunk . now open the book at random and read aloud . this should cause hysterical i-can't-believe-this-got-published laughter .
yeah , ummm disney , ya went wrong once again ! this soundtrack only has three new songs as followed : dancing on a cloud ( demo ) ( only really new track which is already on the dvd ) beautiful ( on jim brickman 's the disney songbook cd ) dream is a wish your heart makes ( on disney mania <NUM> ) so if you already own the original soundtrack , jim brickman 's awesome disney cd , disney mania <NUM> cd , and the cinderella special edition dvd ... please skip this cd . thank you ! :
regrettably , i bought this book ( for one cent ) based on the strong reviews . i will never put so much credence in reviews again . this would definitely not be one that you would thumb through at the bookstore and buy . the author appears to have been introduced to child psychology about five minutes before writing this book . his methodology is extremely juvenile and naive . his whole approach is to have an arsenal of canned phrases that you tell your kid for various circumstances . this does n't sound like a bad thing at first until you find out what unimaginative over-simplistic blabber that `` chick '' offers . i could point out samples from every page of the first <NUM> that i read and the dozen or so others that i then skimmed through . just quoting this pansy-ass fluff turns my stomach . here is a story he tells a speaker who was distracted by a couple of kids talking at a lecture ... `` frowning , he looked at them and very quietly said ' i 'm feeling distracted by your behavior . please make a different choice . ' by telling these students to make a different choice the speaker used language that communicated respect . his message informed them ' i see you as responsible for your own actions . you control your behavior . you choose your responses to life . ' every page has this same sickening tone to it . if you want to avoid reality and miss the opportunities to affect your children in a way that builds self-esteem and confidence in them with real heart to heart interaction and instead gum them up with garbage talk then this book is for you . otherwise , to quote the author `` please make a different choice '' and find a better book or just use your own intuition and common sense . this book teaches you how to destroy relationships by talking in mumbo jumbo out of the side of your mouth , while trying to keep a straight face . a one star rating gives this comic book way too much credit .
this is baed on one of <NUM> novels that sir conan doyle wrote in his sherlock holmes series . since the book has a lot of details and a lot of exposition that can really go wrong in a feature film length movie , i had expected that a reasonable change & corresponding adaptation were made to translate this into a movie . alas ! the constant mediocre suspense throughout the movie added on by sherlock holmes ' very rude attitude toward miss . morstan were appalling . the book says that sherlock holmes said `` state your case '' in a brisk manner . `` brisk '' is nothing close to being rude in its meaning of the word . dr. watson in numerous accounts describes sherlock holmes as having a gentleness towards women . he may not express any fondness for women but was chivalrous nonetheless . granted the character of sherlock holmes is not an easy one to portray for any actors , and so far jeremy brett captures it the best . however , this one was surely disappointing . holmes ' keen nature and energy was well demonstrated but his good professional mannerism was surely lacking & compromised . i blame the script more than the actors really . this adapation just does n't capture the tone & flow of the original book . i highly recommend short story adaptations like adventures of sherlock holmes & the return of sherlock holmes series in granada series intead of any feature length installment . short story adaptations were much better than feature length ones
the writers of this movie thought that referencing dozens of different movies would make a comedy . no . there has to be jokes , funny jokes . there needs to be something humorously said about the original films to make it a satire . i have seen many of the films this movie `` spoofs '' including napoleon dynamite , when harry met sally , mr. and mrs. smith , hitch , my big fat greek wedding , the wedding planner , jerry maguire , sleepless in seattle , and how to lose a guy in <NUM> days and all of them are funnier than date movie . it really is pointless to spoof comedies . the writers do n't even reference date movies all the time . they reference king kong , lord of the rings , star wars , and it does n't work . even the so-so scary movie films have something to say about the films they are spoofing . not only was it terribly unfunny , it was sick . i like monty python and american pie but when a cat starts humping a decayed human torso i draw the line . the writers of this film also made epic movie . i saw date movie on dvd . i will not see epic movie ever or any other film made by jason friedberg and aaron seltzer . it is a sad time in our world and an extremely small part of that sadness is the fact that movies like these are made and make millions at the box office
out cold tries hard to capture the tween audiences without fully using the infamous `` raunch '' button to be successful . it tries hard to give the audience a graceful combination of physical humor , sexual slap-stick , classic hollywood references , and x-treme sport clips , but in the end it face plants hard into the cinematic pavement . while i will not be generous to this film , i will begin this review by mentioning how proud i am of out cold . again , this was nowhere near a good film , but as a person that watches films on a consistent basis , i saw out cold as a film that tried really hard to be humorous , original , and creative , but just failed miserably . one must give credit to those films that fail while trying , because so many films today just , honestly , fail to try . unoriginality seems to be a common theme among these tween films , as big boobs , beer drinking , and clich characters invade the screen more often than humorous dialogue that invades your mind and into modern culture . out cold aims towards a general audience that i despise . that audience is one that will pay top dollar for stupid humor that demonstrates no talent and a considerable lack of creativity . why do we , as audience members , do that ? is it that difficult for us to laugh at intelligent humor ? while out cold did not begin the trend in hollywood , it did contribute to it , and thus continuing films like date movie , american wedding , and dude , where 's my car to plague our theaters . i think i have spoken enough about my personal belief on why this film was a wart on the back of hollywood , so let 's look at actual reasons why this film tried and failed . i have to get this first one out in the open . why , painfully i ask this question , did the filmmakers see the quality in combining tween humor , snowboarding , and casablanca together in one film ? the first two matched , but the last was just pure rubbish . outside of an adult audience , not many children or teens would catch the classic hollywood film reference , thus completely ruining the remains of a dying film genre . now , when the audience of out cold actually connect casablanca to out cold , they will say lines like `` this movie is just like out cold '' . this makes me so angry . if parents would raise their children correctly in film most will say , `` out cold took quite a bit from casablanca '' , instead of the other way around . casablanca needs to come first . with that said , our biggest pitfall to this film was the characters . were there any ? great question ! i did n't see any . instead , i saw actors reacting to certain situations . there were no definitions to anyone . sure , one could argue that there were some `` characters '' with pig pen and inga , but when i see these moments , i see clichs , not characters . anyone can play a druggie , stoner , big-breasted woman , town idiot , and so forth , but it is how that actor chooses to redefine that overused character that really sets a film apart from the rest . nothing of the sort happened here . jason london was horrid as the title character , and his supposed girlfriend was as bland as illinois . jason 's friends were obnoxiously unexciting and lee majors walked on set , said his lines , and walked off . again , there was nothing of value . nobody went beyond the lines on their script , which ultimately hurt the overall viewing experience of this film . if i were to pick one element that kept this film from completely drowning would be the use of david koechner , of whom i can not help but laugh at whenever he opens his mouth . he is the prime example of what i was hoping the direction would be for these filmmakers . he was a unique character for bull mountain and thus created some of the better lines for the film , if only the rest of the cast would have taken his lead . yet , i do not blame the cast for it all , the filmmakers ( the malloy brothers ) had to make the underlying decision to either make another tween film , or sharpen the humor and aim towards a smarter audience . as you may or may not have noticed , they went with the latter . the entire `` king of the mountain '' bit was horrendous , not because of the storyline element , but the fact that everyone 's beer was flying , nobody recognized anyone , and only the characters we were familiar with were winners . just disrespectful to the rest of those that inhabits bull mountain . the funniest bit that i think the malloys were able to pull off were the brotherly pranks pulled when one was too drunk . the first one with the polar bear was not funny ( rather juvenile ) , but the one with the car continues to put a smile on my face . it was this type of humor that i was expecting the entire film , but overall continued to keep falling short . overall , out cold felt like your last pick to be your date for prom . sure , there were some elements that were decent enough to smile at , but most of the time you were embarrassed to be seen with her in public . i am tired of this tween genre of film , and while i know that due to an increasing decline in intelligence in our theaters we will only continue to see more of this type of movie , i am still tired of it . it is as if most directors are just using the `` cut & paste '' feature on their editing machines bringing us the same jokes that have been told once with success , but over time , they just become boring . again , i will say that of most of the films in this genre , out cold did try a bit harder to be beyond the mold , but in the end it was nothing spectacular . i do n't think i could muster the strength to watch it again . grade : * * out of * * * *
actually , i 'm going to keep it really real . i know most of you reviewers who gave this album 4-5 stars reviews are too blinded by <NUM> 's nostalgia to see and hear that this music is utter crap . vanity <NUM> was hot back in the day , but it was due to their s1utty image and not their music . why do you think the only song you hear by them on the radio is `` nasty girls '' ? that 's the only song people remember them for . let me tell you a secret : this cd is n't worth $ 29.52 . in fact it should n't be worth anything because the music is boring- nothing 'hilarious ' or 'interesting ' about it . plenty of of melodies being sung in warbly vocals over casio go-go beats w/ no bass . i was able to download all of the tracks and after i listened to them , i thanked my lucky stars that i did n't spend one dime on it . vanity was beautiful , but she could n't sing or dance . susan tried to portray herself as cute and innocent , but she could n't really pull it off with that moustache . brenda was just whatever . i feel sorry for anyone who buys `` vanity <NUM> ''
pitbull 's 3rd album from the <NUM> m.i.a.m.i brings something at least different , though not much else , despite some good beats and some good songs , pitbull is just flat and distorted . this is a somewhat album music rating * * 1/2 stars . so a marginal thumbs down for me .
well seeing all the reviews on here and being a former fan of sugar ray along with being bored to death at work i 've decided to write my own review . i believe sugar ray had something special with the first two albums as well but as time went by they have gradually gone from ultra-hip , i just wan na drink beer and cause trouble types , to oh so sappy songs about love and how heart break sucks , nothing that has n't been told a thousand times over . when i first hearsd sugar ray back in <NUM> i thought their sound was revolutionary , i bought floored and liked all the tracks and soon found myself buying the first album , then the third , fourth , and fifth albums came out , the third one was alright i bought it for the songs that were n't radio friendly such as glory , personal space invader , and burning dog ; and with the release of their fourth album i bought it as well , hoping that they would get back on formula ; yes as you might of guessed i was delusional ; their music had seemed to had gotten worse as predicted ..... now with the release of their fifth album , they had already lost me as a fan so therefore , i give all three of the most recent albums of theirs a 1/5 stars for lack of originality
this movie was not bill murray 's best . i would not recommend it to anyone
this was not the life-changing book it was touted to be . i have no major complaints , but the book was not helpful
i wish this book had been titled , science fiction : my favorite <NUM> novels . i can see what authors mr. pringle likes ( dick , heinlein , moorcock , to name a few ) and what his taste in sci-fi is and can even probably determine his age , but objectively speaking ( if i am in fact , being objective ) i think a lot of novels that should have been in the top <NUM> were left off off his list . of course we all have our opinions of what the best science fiction is , and if you like science fiction that usually means you love it and therefore probably have strong opinions , so if you find you share his tastes then this is the <NUM> for you . i did get a few suggestions from it so it was somewhat helpful .
i felt a little ripped off , when i got volume <NUM> and <NUM> together as an offer from amazon.com . movie wise , volume <NUM> is actually exactly the same as volume <NUM> , with volume <NUM> having the option for japanese dialog and eng subtitle . amazon could have at least indicated that in the & quot ; description & quot ;
very dull movie ! uninteresting characters in a plotless muck of incipid political propagandistic drivel . save your money ! ! !
antzcak 's direction is inexplicable and the film is weighed down by a directionless , melodramatic script and technical shortcomings . the adr ( dialog overdubbing ) is incompetent and terribly distracting , making the film sound like a radio drama recorded in a basement ; all the more odd considering that in all other respects the project seems well-funded and professional -- great sets , superior costuming and impeccable lighting . the gorgeous cinematography is brutalized by a directorial style characterized by long , tedious dialog punctuated by frenetic , fast-cut flashback and dream sequences that contribute neither to our understanding of chopin 's character nor the events driving the plot forward . non-sequiturs abound ; antzcak seems to have been attempting to create a mood piece to accompany the brilliant musical performances , rather than a sustained narrative . but the only moods sustained are bewilderment and boredom . chopin comes off as a selfish boor of a prima dona ; perhaps historically acurate , but hardly compelling on screen . what does it say about this movie that , in a crucial scene where a wagon carrying chopin nearly topples over a precipice , you find yourself rooting for the precipice ? unlike the vastly superior amedeus or the merely pedestrian immortal beloved , you learn nothing about the connection between the composer 's life and his music . antzack seems singularly uninterested in the historical signifigance of chopin 's acheivement , the nature of his talent 's development , his freindship/rivalry with liszt , or the musical environment of the day . desire for love actually has more in common with a film like jules et jim , in that it dwells on the inner dynamics of a doomed and disfunctional romance ; unfortunately the characters are n't one tenth as compelling or sympathetic . desire for love ends with the composer 's protracted death , like amadeus and immortal beloved did with mozart and beethoven , respectively . but it fails to evoke the tragic mood of the latter two ; the film itself seems infected by a consumptive , cinematic analog of the protagonist 's malaise , eating itself from within and finally wheezing to a merciful termination
i remember reading about this album in rolling stone . it had <NUM> stickers on it . it had the usual `` parental advisory '' sticker ( is there a rap album that does n't ) and another one saying `` the lyrical content on this album strictly represents the views of the artist '' ( or words to that effect ) . the article 's main point was asking `` are albums going to get two labels now ? what 's next ? '' . so , my `` i hate censorship '' side got all flustered , and i went out and bought it . it 's a piece of s -- t. the beats are boring , and all the lyrics seem to consist of is `` my name mc eiht . no one better mess with me '' . he pads this wonderfully original thought out to <NUM> minutes or so , and it gets incredibly tedious . needless to say , the sticker `` controversy '' never erupted into anything beyond this album . i just ended buying a really boring album , and i immediately got rid of it .
this cd just goes to prove how great of an influence david was on pink floyd 's music . out of the box this album is layed back an colored with many subtle textures , it 's mellow ambience transports you to dreamy mindscapes . i found the more i listened to it , the more i liked it
this is whats wrong with most of the smooth jazz genre.lame mechanical tracks thrown over a bed of programmed drums.its time to get real and play it that way ! ! ! ! !
as bad as this is , and as horrible as anna is in this junk the man who co produced and stared as the bad guy is even worse . he stumbles on shakespeare 's prose and delivers the lines like he has rocks in his mouth and is in awe of the fact he can say them at all ! frankly , so am i . that said , this is a very funny movie about a bimbo pilot , bad guys in leather pants and some `` do hickey '' that will `` change the balance of power '' .... un ... yeah ..... ok . the soft core nude sex scenes are more funny than hot and are the only time anna is able to act . at least when andy sadris ( `` guns , `` hard ticket to hawaii , `` savage beach '' ) made his movies like this fun and funny ) on purpose , and the had many playmates not just one . all in all this is one to catch on h.b.o . after midnight
i found this an odd cd . it had italian operatic type songs and then pop songs . it made my wonder who josh grobin thinks he is
made for a pittance , initially released in just two theaters , ultimately grossing over ten million dollars , `` sweet sweetback 's baadasssss song '' became the progenitor of the `` blaxploitation '' film craze of the seventies . considered a seminal film in african-american cinema , director van peebles feels it influenced the independent film movement as a whole . its jazzy editing and strong hero set it miles apart from the standard fare - one can see how african-american audiences could see this film as a long-overdue cinematic thunderbolt . the plot is simple . sweetback ( van peebles himself ) has grown up in a bordello to become one of its central attractions . one night , he agrees to accompany a pair of police officers downtown for questioning . a murder case lacks suspects , and the gesture appears to be compensation for the force 's lenience toward the establishment . en route to the interrogation , however , the police intercept a youth on the street and brutally beat him . using his handcuffs , sweetback kills both officers . the rest is a protracted chase , with sweetback using his fists ( among other body parts ) to make his way to the border . the police question his companions , hot on his trail with guns , bloodhounds and ( at one point ) a helicopter . van peebles has an eye for a striking shot , and there 's some vivid scenes of police officers brutalizing sweetback 's friend beetle that get their point across . while its historic contribution is clear , `` sweetback '' has little to offer modern audiences beyond its kitsch value . van peebles is a strong presence as the laconic hero , but there 's not much in the way of narrative or memorable characters to savor . there 's plenty of sex and violence to be had ( the ' x ' rating is fully earned ) , but it 's episodic - much of the film seems to be an enormous montage of repeated street scenes and dialogue clips , and the effect rapidly becomes tiresome . thirty years after its explosive release , `` sweetback '' will remain compelling for film historians and students . its torch has been passed on to to other filmmakers , but the pioneering effort itself has not dated well . ps - the dvd release has an interview with the director . initially , it shares some formal similarities with the feature , but later it settles into some interesting ( and amusing ) anecdotes . pps - i just saw `` badasssss ! '' ( mario van peebles ' docudrama on how `` sweet sweetback 's baadasssss song '' was made ) last night ( 10/25 ) . it makes for a great double feature , as it really helps you to understand how difficult that production was
i ordered this dvd for my public library 's collection along with the english language version . they are the same disc ! they have the same label numbers . the only difference is a small paper label on the 'spanish ' version 's disc declaring that it 's dubbed in spanish . both the english and spanish dubbed discs have the exact same content - soundtracks in both languages . shame on disney/buena vista for this horrible marketing ploy
i bought this book based on its rating . unfortunately , virtually every page of this book is half blank . furthermore , there are many unnecessary blank lines within the text page . the format of this book is like for third grade . also , the author uses java code along with his text . but at the end of each chapter , he uses c++ code as a duplication of the java code . if you want to know and learn design patterns , make sure you look at & quot ; software architecture design patterns in java & quot ; by partha kuchana . this book covers <NUM> design patterns including the <NUM> gof patterns . also , you might like to look at & quot ; core j2ee patterns & quot ; second edition by alur , crupi , amd malks
quite disappointed that there are no screen lyrics available . although some say karaoke is merely singing the lyrics to the instrumental version of the song , modern day tapes and cd 's * do * include the & quot ; cdg & quot ; . disney seems to fall behind the times . you 're better off with a sing-along video -- at least then the kids might learn to read ( or at least recognize words ) . my <NUM> & amp ; <NUM> year olds would n't know what to do with just the instrumental version , of 'true ' karaoke . i do prefer vol2 over vol1 or vol3
i agree with the reviewers who found this series `` stuffy , predictable and annoying '' and advised , `` you might as well buy a romance novel . '' ( or a super-heroes comic book for the action parts . ) what horrified me was that one reviewer mentioned peters in the same sentence with jane austen and the brontes ! ! austen did not condone much of the absurdity and pomposity of her time , but chose to demonstrate it , rather than rant or lecture against it , as many authors and poets were doing . in a few simple sentences she skewered inheritance laws ' cruel unfairiness to women . the little girl asks , `` why do we have to move ? '' and her mother explains simply , matter-of-factly , that 's the way it is . as outrageous as the law itself is the docile , ( seemingly ) unquestioning acceptance of it . austen did n't go into an enraged diatribe , just assumed her readers were perceptive enough to get the message . peters would do well to emulate really good writers : demonstrate talents and other qualities with actions and events , rather than repetitive , tiresome descriptions
jeff bigger 's book is well written ; however it offers little to our understanding of the unique ethnic contributions of the german and scotch-irish settlers who dominated the cultural landscape of appalachia . this is seen in his treatment of twentieth century women . loretta lynn ( a native of eastern kentucky ) is briefly discussed on only one page while four pages were written about billie holiday ( born in eastern pennsylvania and raised in baltimore ) and janis joplin . dolly parton ( an east tennessee , native ) earned only one page of text and rosa parks ( born in tuskegee alabama ) received five pages . janis joplin was born and raised in port arthur , texas . it seems biggers is confused about the geographic boundaries of appalachia . he , like many non-appalachian natives who regard themselves as enlightened scholars of culture , want to see appalachia as anything but white and nearly homogeneous with regard to ethnicity . rediscovering the south 's celtic heritage does a much better job of showing the region 's culture as it developed over time
hank iii has done nothing but prove what a whiner he is by trashing other artists . i have not heard one song on here that suggests any artistic ability . this guy needs to clean up his mouth and worry about himself instead of trashing others
boring , derivative and very mildly amusing . almodovar did it all before-and much better <NUM> years ago ! i could n't ever watch it for more than <NUM> minutes . the only positive comment i have is that the movie shows a more polished and upscale side of mexico and not the usual slums and sordid lives that seems to be so typical in mexican movies , at least those imported in the usa .
painful to hear and painful to watch . a yester-year pop singer who does n't have the courage to quit . there is nothing left to do so she keeps throwing out pointless album after pointless album to stay in the spotlight ; if that is n't the highest form of egoism i do n't know what is . she 's got fame she 's got fortune she had her hits why not just go now please ? what she use to do for shock value in the early days now seems so trite and pathetic . the woman is nothing more then a spectacle with very little substance . she uses anything from sex to religion to self promote . yes i was a fan in the days of like a prayer and vogue but i have moved on , why madonna does n't come to the same conclusion i will never understand . this cd is good for the flavor of the month but its shelf life is way past due . i challenge madonna to put on a concert without all the antics and overt sexual malarkey that dominates her shows ; she would be booed right off the stage if that were to happen . and please enough with the crucifixion stunts all ready .
while avalon aka windows presentation framework is still in beta , i had hoped that the code examples and references in this book would not be far out of date . i am finding that they are dramatically out of date ( writing this review 04/27/2006 ) . this is not to criticize the quality of the book or of the content ; it appears to be well written . however , it was written in september <NUM> , and there has been at least <NUM> new beta releases of the framework since then . about 1/2 of the examples i have tried will not even compile , or have bad runtime errors . the `` big concepts '' are mostly unchanged . however , i can not recommend this book to anyone . programmer to programmer , you will be better off reading examples from online sources like msdn.microsoft.com and downloading new wpf tools like `` expression '' . this book will find you confused with broken examples fast . i look forward to an updated version when avalon solidifies
i 'm a retired attorney . i enjoy crime novels and the movies that bring them to us visually . however , this movie simply is a pain to watch , if one enjoyed the drama of the book . the book `` blood work '' is very detailed and the solution to the `` who done it '' is very well hidden . i wo n't bore you with details but if you want to know how the movie compares with the novel , read the review by `` km southern '' dated oct <NUM> , <NUM> , that is available below . she is right on . the movie has so many flaws that even without having read the book upon which it purports to be based , it is a poor choice
this book was a waste of time to read . it comes down to this , eat sensibly and in moderation , exercise and the weight should come off . if you only have <NUM> pounds to loose , i would n't recommend it . it seems like this book is geared torwards people who have a lot of weight to loose . if i followed this diet , i would be famished . eat when you hungry , why wait for the `` miracle '' three hour ? i just do n't get it . i think the book was also more about joining jorge 's website
for me , the performance simply missed the mark . a capable choir should be able to stand forth and sing out without a surround of distracting instrumentation . though the poor have already suffered enough , i promptly gave my copy of this cd to charity . for that i beg forgiveness
as a fan of mme . austen , thomas hardy , d.h. lawrence and other sundry novelists of manner , i freely admit to a hopeless addiction to `` period '' pieces -- and romances , in particular -- and this weakness clearly plays into the very generous aforementioned 2-star rating . `` northanger abbey '' is a charming bit of camp for a rainy afternoon , but please do n't expect this movie to be anything like the big-money hollywood adaptations of mme . austen 's other works . the acting is over-the-top ; the soundtrack , deplorable ; and the characters ( with the exception of eleanor ) are completely unsympathetic . catherine is portrayed as an insipid half-wit , rather than a day-dreamy post-adolescent on the verge of womanhood . peter firth 's henry tilney vascilates between compassionate , brotherly concern and annoyingly superior arrogance . by the end of the movie , i had lost all patience with them and was convinced that henry & catherine fully deserve the misery they will inevitably wreak upon each other . ( this from a romance buff ! ) most will give up before the end of the film , but true austen fans will enjoy the parade of costumes , witty repartee , and the opportunity to daydream about the regency culture . watch it or do n't -- but if you choose to watch , make sure you do so with a sense of humor and forebearance .
when i was vacationing in london this past may i spotted this new morcheeba cd at the store . i bought it and could n't wait to get it in the cd player . having only discovered this group a couple of years ago with the `` parts of the process '' compilation , i had fallen in love with the easy grooves and skye edwards talented , sultry voice . ( listen to `` the sea '' and then follow it up with `` undress me now '' and you 'll understand the magic in the range of her voice . ) imagine my extreme disappointment when i heard `` the antidote . '' skye is gone , replaced my a singer with a lower register and very little range . at times the new singer 's voice grated on my nerves so much , i had to move to the next track . the cd was a waste of money and the hour i took to listen to it is an hour i will never get back . news reports say the new singer is already gone and will be replaced , not by skye , but by yet another new girl . after the brillance of the pre- '' antidote '' library , i am forced to wonder : what were the guys thinking
for a 2-disc , director 's cut , my expectations were perhaps too high for this dvd . nevertheless , i was appalled at the poor quality of the transfer . the colors were dull throughout , and focus was frequently not at the beginning of scenes . for the movie itself , i do n't agree that it is holding up well over time . at <NUM> years old , the movie just has limited entertainment value for people who are n't waiting for their beloved canceled tv series to be on the big screen . there 's no question that ii and iv are the best of the series , but comparing it to other star trek original cast movies is n't putting the bar very high . my interest in watching this again was just having finished melville 's moby dick , the final scenes of which khan repeats liberally during the final space battle . that said , i think montalban was fantastic as the revenged-obsessed khan and very evocative of ahab . however , shatner 's pretentious kirk just becomes more grating as time goes on . the original cast schtick just does n't make for a compelling drama
obviously , the rantings of a depressed , selfish and self-righteous woman , who for if these issues were not enough of a challenge , believes in the fraudulent and assanine thinking of freud . to bad she did n't kick the bucket before she had the opportunity to launch such a demented attack on the very core of society , and what brings meaning to life : family . this sad woman 's physical appearance , almost confirms the above alone - just a miserable , frustrated witch .
hugh grant is not too offensive in this role . he is not too cutesy here , and that is something for which to be thankful . in the film grant 's character michael is engaged to marry gina , the daughter of an italian-american mobster ( played by james caan ) . michael is a successful auctioneer , and after his engagement to gina , gina 's father starts using michael and his connections to the art world to launder money . soon the fbi is onto the scheme ( with kids in the hall 's scott thompson as a particularly funny fbi officer ) . michael attempts to hide these dealings from gina ( michael of course did not want to get involved with all of this illicit activity in the first place but was railroaded-it is the mafia after all ) . when gina finds out their relationship crumbles . an accident causes even more problems , potentially fatal ones . overall this is not a great movie and not even particularly funny . however , you will be able to sit through it and maybe get some entertainment value from it
throughly dismisses all jazz after <NUM> , including fusion , free jazz , and everything thereafter . marsalis actually calls cecil taylor 's music `` self-indulgent bullsh * * '' apparently taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film . how was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual ( but more likely agenda-driven ) on pbs , i will never understand . if you think swing is the only valid form of jazz , you will love this series . if you think coltrane is a god , you get five minutes ' summary . so lets see here : <NUM> hours on louis armstrong and duke , <NUM> minutes on coletrane , and a total didmissal of everything after duke 's death . reminds me of the republisuck 's `` fair and balanced '' nonsense . pbs , this is your wake-up call . stop trying to rewrite history - jazz ai n't in a museum . just ask the artists ( most of whom are alive ) whom burns left out . metheny , you out there
the governess was , by far , a very pitiful film . i do not use this word loosely , as it honestly was a poor excuse for a movie . i finished watching this feature with only one word on my mind ... `` why '' ? honestly , you could use this question at the end of every scene of this film and it would seem like it fit . there were so many inconsistencies that lead to a lack of development ( both in the story and in the characters ) which ultimately lead to a very confusing film with actors walking through the motions instead of giving any explanation . scenes would occur with no foreshadowing , understanding , or drive to a complete ending . it was as if i was watching several different ideas thrown together without really any resolution . actors were setting events in motion that did not seem to fit their character or really were resolved . this was my biggest issue with this film . the complete and utter lack of structure to this film brought all specks of foundation crumbling down with a genuine `` ripple-effect '' being felt throughout the rest of the film as a result . let me explain myself further on this lack of consistency throughout the film . i would liken this film to a bowl of lumpy oatmeal that had a zebra in it . it made no sense nor was there any logic behind it all . minnie driver was the worst culprit of this deed . her character 's lines were drawn very fuzzy and nearly transparent . she would do things like talk about sex all the time with her sister , but yet she seemed very open to sexual experiences all the time . she has her first moment of passion in this film , and there is no pain or excitement . it nonchalantly happens , and this just did n't seem to fit the original conversation that we had at the beginning of the film with rosina and her sister . she is a very intelligent woman that accidentally finds a solution to wilkinson 's problem and suddenly wants full rights to his invention ? that was confusing and completely random . is it not obvious to anyone else that her teaching methods were non-existent . anyone in their right mind could see that she was n't teaching cavendish 's daughter anything . the sudden and awkward relationship that randomly forms between driver and jonathan rhys-meyers nearly had me laughing out loud . i thought maybe i had discovered some magic in this film as rhys-meyers literally `` poofed '' into the scene and suddenly caused some unneeded drama . it felt that the director ( or writer ) was thinking that the original story was going nowhere fast , so by adding this random character we may be able to advance the plot a bit ( or confuse the lesser film enthusiasts ) . well , it did n't fool me , i saw that he was nearly a `` cut-and-paste '' character used to strengthen an already weakened story . do n't get me started on the ending , which had no consistency to the rest of the story . again using the `` cut-and-paste '' method , the writer of this film needed a way to just end the story , and this was the only solution they could arrive to . it is sad when actors are forced to do things out of character ... but i guess that is the name of the game in hollywood . fix until completely broken , or at least salvageable . the remainder of the story was unexciting dribble . there were maybe a handful of neat cinematography moments where you could see that there was one sliver of creativity trying to peak through coupled with some bars of decent , period piece music , but nothing to write to grandma about . more family structure with some stronger introductions could have strengthened this film a bit more , but as i stated before , by leaving open-ended scenes just lying around the entire film , you will experience a crack in your foundation . what may seem like a sturdy story , will eventually wear down over time , and by the end of this film i felt that the house was crumbling down on top of me . wilkinson plays his normal self in this film , while driver apparently did not want to get naked , but everyone else had too ( i will have to see a doctor after those images were burned into my eyes ... eeewwww ) . also , she wore the same dress everyday . that was disgusting and i could smell her through the television . sex and dirty laundry . now there is a great film for you ! there just seemed to be some potential floating around here , but instead it was just rubbish . nothing was answered , questions seemed to fall like snow in alaska , and mediocrity seemed to reign supreme . overall , this could have been a decent film that combined the powerful themes of science and love together , but instead it was just pitiful . i can not stress enough the disturbing fact that characters were going through motions without any sort of pre-explanation . i do n't need cinematic moments handed to me like a child , but something should have been done to build a foundation . just remember the oatmeal with a zebra analogy that i used . if you were as confused about that as i was , then you will completely understand the film the governess , while if you prefer zebras in your oatmeal ... then , maybe this film is for you ! grade : * out of * * * *
`` a collection of short stories will go down as one of the best debut albums of any band . '' that , i 'm afraid , is a real review ... someone actually listened to this and decided that it is so good that it deserves to be ranked among the greatest debuts ever weezer - the blue album led zepplin - self titled creedence clearwater revival the cure the pixies queen red hot chili peppers sublime the violent femmes death cab for cutie houston calls .... one of these bands are not like the others , one of these bands just dont belong .. truth is , i heard this cd before i even listened to it . this style is hackneyed and killed . it 's been so long since a genuinely good band has been seen as cool that even the critics are starting to forget what good music sounds like . `` <NUM> miles that sure is far '' ... thats a real line on this cd . but whatever , this is what amazing is these days .. this is where generations of integrity has brought us in music .. its a lost cause because in the end i guess it really is all about the dollar . the music industry is one of the most unstable industries out there . no one knows how they are going to look financially in the next ten years .. so what do they do ? they take the quick cash in .. they sign crap like this that no one has to think about . easy music , easy dollar . building a band is too much of a risk these days .. now instead of building them and improving them , they produce them .. autotuner , cut and paste music ... so sure this is a great cd and everyone needs to check it out because we all need to chip in on drive thru/rushmore 's new escalade with chrome hydrolics .. at least the rap industry is honest about where the money goes
a stunningly mediocre book . unorthodox , revisionist stances , can often be bracing . johnson 's are merely inane . he seem incapable of seeing with a sympathetic eye . his biases are pervasive and uninteresting . so one can `` learn '' from johnson that giotto is `` wooden '' ; that artemisia gentlischi `` weakness was that she was overweight '' ; that cezanne is a `` would be realist '' producing `` crude '' pieces which are `` stiff and awkward and anatomically incorrect .... clumsily painted ( johnson reaches this conclusion by comparing him to chardin ! ) and that cezanne 's reputation is really only a result of `` commerce . johnson eye is so dead and his theories so skewed that he is obliged to excoriate virtually all art from the twentieth century onward as mere `` fashion art '' and `` higher frivolity '' . wretched history to be sure -- but hardly `` new
this movie provides ample proof that lsd usage does affect the minds of the unborn . grateful dead legend jerry garcia 's daughter made this amateurish home video . while the topic of genetically modified foods is interesting , this video comes off as terribly one-sided hatchet job on the biotech industry and u.s. agriculture , in general . monsanto is the main target of this film 's attacks , but no one from the company is ever allowed to respond to the claims that it is trying to monopolize the pesticide and seed industries by buying up potential competitors and registering for patents on thousands of genetically engineered plant products . instead , we 're treated to the overzealous opinions of a few blowhards who do n't have any idea of how to encourage research , development , and innovation in agriculture . the vague term of `` biodiversity '' is mentioned as some kind of virtue , but no explains its benefits . actually , everyone is allowed to whine in this movie , from farmers to activists , but no one is ever allowed to respond to attacks . in one sequence , a farmer criticizes monsanto . in another sequence , the u.s. government is criticized for subsidizing farmers ( nevermind that every major industrial power subsidizes its farmers ) . why not ask the farmer if he 's dependent on government handouts , and how he justifies such subsidies ? why should farmers be immune to criticism ? please , let 's get into the mix a little bit , and get to the bottom of these controveries !
here are some interesting facts relating to `` heat '' and myself : length of film : <NUM> minutes number of characters in film : <NUM> number of interesting occurrences : <NUM> number of minutes i was involved/entertained by this film : <NUM> number of times i 've started watching this film , then stopped : 5-6 truth be told , i 've never actually watched `` heat '' in its entirety . i 've seen almost all of it , and many parts of it multiple times , but never all the way through . ( in fact , i think i probably have seen absolutely all of it , considering how many scenes i distinctly recall seeing repeatedly , but i ca n't be sure . ) anyway , i 'll be sitting there trying to watch it and i just ca n't do it . it 's so damn boring , and the thought of me being this bored for the next <NUM> hours is just too much and i have to do something else . like randomly flip through the channels for the next couple hours . maybe just stare at the walls and think . mow the lawn , perhaps . do some dishes . clip my toe nails . anything . ( i hasten to add , however , that its extreme length is n't really `` heat '' s problem . it 's all boring . cut it down to <NUM> minutes and it would still be really boring , just not for as long . which would make it about twice as good , actually , but we 're talking about such a small baseline that the difference would n't be terribly perceptible . ) and it 's not like this thing is n't up my alley . people i trust and who have good taste tell me it 's good and i like crime-dramas . it has a generally excellent cast . but then i 'll be looking at the screen and not one thing , not one thing will happen that makes me want to keep looking at it . and so i stop . i 'd like to be more specific , but it 's pretty damn hard to say why a film is n't involving . it 's tough to describe a lack . probably it has something to do with the film having so much going on that it does n't really have time to get into anything . i especially like how pacino 's stepdaughter tries to off herself , yet we 've only seen her on screen for like <NUM> minutes . why would i care ? pacino 's marriage is failing , you say ? why would i care ? pacino and de niro have tedious conversations with one another . oh boy . it 's also hurt by their making pacino a cop . he does n't much work as a good guy . furthermore , the action scenes are dull as hell . also , one of the major themes of the film is about how cop and robber are two sides of the same coin . for other examples of this see every other cop drama ever made , particularly the ones that suck . ( this observation , by the way , comes from the film `` adaptation '' , and though it did n't specifically refer to `` heat '' it totally applies . on a related note , `` the <NUM> '' would be about <NUM> times more entertaining than `` heat '' , were someone to make it . if you do n't know what i 'm talking about , be sure to check out `` adaptation '' . it 's a good example of a film that is n't really sucky and boring . ) unlike some things i dislike i feel no animosity towards those who think `` heat '' is great , though i ca n't help but suspect that many of them were expecting a great movie , and so they got one at least in their heads . it 's got pacino and de niro together ! it 's so damned long , complicated , self-important and humorless ! it superficially resembles great films from the past ! <NUM> stars ! ! i realize that this is unfair of me and i hate it when other people try and explain the hidden , false meanings why i like whatever movie they do n't like , but it 's what i think , and if that makes me a hypocrite , which it does , well , i ca n't change that . and besides , it 's always possible that i 'm right .... if in <NUM> years `` heat '' is largely forgotten we can assume that i 'm correct . if not i 'll watch it again , this time all the way through , and we 'll see if i 've changed my mind , and we 'll finally know if everyone else was deluded or if i 'm just a stupid freak who differed from most of the other wise viewers on this one . get back to me in <NUM> . perhaps we 'll have to make it <NUM> , cause the idea of me watching any of this movie again within the next <NUM> decades makes me a bit antsy . i need some more breathing room . but til then , the hell with `` heat '' . i 'll just watch `` taxi driver '' or `` the godfather '' or `` goodfellas '' or `` the departed '' or whatever again . just about anything will do , actually , regardless of quality or genre as long as it 's shorter than `` heat '' .
after an amazing season <NUM> culminated in tragically hopeless catastrophe , i had such high hopes for season <NUM> . episodes <NUM> - <NUM> are dark and interesting , but season <NUM> is the beginning of the downward spiral . none of the characters are likable or interesting after that point . the story line was leaden . after growing into a self-less champion for good in season <NUM> , cordelia acts like a depraved moron until she is revealed to be little more than a body suit for a dark force ... except it takes * far * too many episodes to reveal this . much of the final <NUM> episodes are made up by long , boring , circular talks between cordelia and connor ( yawn ) . in the words of buffy : `` alright ! i get it - you 're evil ! '' the blah blah oedipal/modred weirdness of the whole season is just not appealing or well-written enough to be intellectually stimulating . would that cordelia had never come back for season <NUM> , because it 's just too awful that her sassy-yet-big-hearted self was nowhere to be found . connor and the cordy-suit have a baby - a goddess figure named jasmine ... who is kind of like a cross between lafawnda from napoleon dynamite and a new age yoga instructor . a full five episodes are filled with long , dull scenes of people being adoring acolytes of this unimpressive villain . connor 's character does n't develop ... period . sorry folks , but he does n't get gone until the final scene of the final episode . in a word , blah . some good stuff : the gang releases angelus for interrogation purposes and he goes postal , of course . it 's well-played by boreanaz and highly entertaining ( oh , and angel 's hair is slightly shorter and darker , which is a nice change ) . faith returns for a few episodes , the best of which is orpheus . faith and angelus share flashbacks of angel 's good deeds ( `` dude , you just saved a puppy ! `` ) , while guest star willow works to restore angel 's soul and give guidance to floundering wesley .
i 'm going to the trouble of writing this review to warn you : this cd is not like the other putumayo cds . no , it is not fun , hip , relaxing , good to dance to , or stimulating . it is a selection of hackneyed sinatra-style slop sung by a variety of leery-sounding men with fake deep voices . i have this rule for music : if it makes me think of animated dogs kissing over pasta , it sucks . consider yourself warned . if you like good music , try french cafe instead
i am a panama ( just cause ) & desert shield/storm vet , and after seeing the movie i read the book ... well almost all of it . this guy is a problem child period ! pissed off at the world , pissed off at life , and very lucky i did n't get my hands on him . snipers are crazy as another review stated , but this guy is that <NUM> % of the corps that that can give the other <NUM> % a bad name . some of the boredom issues were true , wives/girlfriends dumping us was true , etc ... but overall this guy just really ticked me off ... but that is his goal in life is n't it ... books about god , country , corps ; things that are still thought , and observed by every marine may just not shock the masses as much as a book aboutsome discontented , nonhacker , shiptbird .
i read all the reviews about this boxed set and nobody ever said that the dvd is so dark that most of the time you see a outline of bruce only . i do n't care if this is a piece of history , if you ca n't see the main performer then why waste the space ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the only person that you can see good is the sax player because he 's wearing a white suit and once in a while they put a white spot on him . save your money and buy the other dvd 's .....................
i was really disappointed especially because i had read so many positive reviews of the book . it very boring and the only exercises there actually were was one little chapter . the book was more of an autobigraphy of the author as well as about the history of the acceptance of women 's masturbation which i could have read online if i wanted to . i would n't consider this a self-help book at all .
in recent years , routledge has gone from consistently producing excellent language courses to producing some excellent courses and some bad courses . unfortunately , colloquial catalan is a prime example of the very worst colloquial courses . the main error in this course is the fact that it 's exceptionally limited . after completing some of the more extensive colloquial courses , you will master the grammar of the language and have a solid basic vocabulary . colloquial courses like colloquial italian , colloquial czech , colloquial albanian or colloquial icelandic list over <NUM> words . the average colloquial courses list 1000-1500 words . in sharp contrast , colloquial catalan does n't even reach <NUM> words ! in my opinion , the colloquial courses are often a better option than teach yourself courses , but that 's not the case with catalan . teach yourself catalan will teach you more than twice as much as colloquial catalan .
... become the most irritating elevator pablum ever concieved . perfect for stepfords everywhere ! not music , but a powerful central nervous system depressant that may cause permanent organic brain damage ! not music ! avoid
harold ramis 's `` the ice harvest '' wallows in mid-market crime and holiday angst , but never really hits either the comic or noir heights to which it aspires . all the ingredients are there , but ultimately the movie lacks spice . in some movies , it works where all the characters move at a slow pace - `` nobody 's fool , '' for example . but a dark comedy needs some pep , and `` the ice harvest '' does n't have it . a lot of that blame falls on the shoulders of john cusack , one of my favorite actors . he is at his best when he is riffing one of his intelligent-yet-soulful monologues , like in `` high fidelity '' and `` say anything . '' here , cusack 's job is to look morose and make the occasional comment - he may speak the fewest lines in any film he 's made as a leading man , and that 's a shame . billy bob thornton tries to liven up the movie in his scenes , but the menacing actor is off-screen for huge swaths of time and his absence is felt . the same with the entertaining oliver platt , who plays a drunken buffoon as well as anyone - he 's enjoyable on-screen , but when he 's not there , we miss him . the bar is set pretty high for holiday-as-setting-for-dysfunction movies . none of the exchanges rise to the visceral heights of the husband-wife spat of `` the ref , '' for example . the movie is filled with small-time hoods who all seem hung-over or depressed rather than moved to exercise their savage wits . instead , we get an ominous film that in many ways tries to evoke `` fargo '' or `` a simple plan , '' but does n't get anywhere close . there are a few laugh-out-loud moments that i wo n't spoil that keep the movie from being a complete waste of time . but all in all , the movie is a downer , and when the winners are finally revealed at the end , it feels less like a triumph than it does a ho-hum conclusion . throughout the movie , i kept wondering if this would have been a much more enjoyable movie where we got to see what was actually going on inside the minds of the characters . . . there seemed to be many scenes where the actors kept the best lines to themselves . petty crime can be highly enjoyable , but not in `` the ice harvest . ''
i love bone , but you got ta admit this album is terrible . bad beats , bad rhymes the whole nine yards . it seems like bone went from thug to corny and thats coming from a true bone fan . a truly wack cd put out by one of the best rap groups of all time .
the trouble with this dvd is that it is too fast , too brief and with no real outline of pilates for 'everyone ' as the title implies . this is a reasonable pilates work out for those who have done pilates in the past and want to try something new . however i found the conduct of each exercise too fast for me . i like to do my pilates slowly , and each exercise seems to be dynamic rather than some done quite slowly . there is little variation for beginnners who want to do simpler easier exercises . there was some brief discussion from austin about alternatives , but it is all done during the exercises , so it is of little use . it is definitely not for beginners either as it has no real discussion of how to hold yourself in the core , and anchor yourself to the floor . it is definitely a quick once over . i enjoyed some variation on the routine which she offers in this , but it is not recommended for the beginner as a starter to pilates . there are some very good books which can get your started , i loved brooke siler 's book which gave an excellent discussion of how to achieve the core exercises and alternatives .
if you are looking for a simple yoga routine this is not the dvd for you . the dvd has a yoga stretch for about everything , but it does n't put a routine together . it was also hard to navigate from one program to another . there are better dvd available
when i was a university student <NUM> years ago , i followed this book to the letter - <NUM> days in the gym every week for six months and then a split system which got me in the gym <NUM> days a week for another year or so . in hindsight , it worked ( as any beginner gets a little bigger anyway just by heading to the gym ) but i picked up a copy of brawn a year later - training twice a week just focussing on the big exercises and realised far better results . this book is good for motivation , a trip down memory lane for some ; it has some good ideas but generally the routines are n't suitable for anyone training without steroids . i wonder why joe weider never discussed the issue when obviously so many , if not all contributors , depended on steriods to realize their success ...
this cd is fun and musically intriguing , but not appropriate for kids ... one song talks about `` what can you do in a case like that but stamp on your mother , and your toothbrush , and on everything that 's helpless . '' another talks of being an immigrant to the country and says `` and they beat me , and they banged me , and they left me on the ground . '' and another says `` i 'm a great sharpshootress . there is nothing that i ca n't shoot in the eyes , or the ears , or the teeth , or the fingers . '' musically it 's fun and goofy and intriguing , but i was appalled when i realized what i was encouraging my young child to listen to .
about 9/11 , b writes , `` at a pinch we can say that they did it , but we wished for it . . . . we are far beyond ideology and politics now . . . . as if the power bearing these towers suddenly lost all energy , all resilience ; as though that arrogant power suddenly gave way under too intense an effort : the effort always to be the unique world model . '' despite the silliness of these ideas , here and there b does make an interesting point . but the book exists primarily to exhibit b 's cleverness rather than to illuminate terrorism .
i was immensely disappointed by this film . the `` avant-garde '' style of the film has been done better by other filmmakers ( specifically derek jarman , kenneth anger , and harmony korine ) , and the film is mostly about jonathan , not about his mother . the critics made this film sound like it was an attempt by jonathan to bring him closer to his mother , to try and understand her by making a film about her , and to bring `` closure '' to their relationship . well , the film is n't really about jonathan 's mother , it 's strictly about him . we hear and see tons of information ( with annoying title cards ) about jonathan 's life , career , and loves . it feels like an episode of `` this is jonathan 's life '' , as if jonathan is this absolutely fascinating , brilliant individual that we must all pay attention to . he may become a great artist someday , but he is n't there yet . jonathan uses his mother merely as an excuse to make a very self-indulgent , narcissitic film about himself . he does n't really seem interested in her , other than as an excuse to show how much he 's suffered , not really about her suffering . while jonathan had a horrendous childhood , i felt very little sympathy towards him , as he is constantly mugging for the camera in a `` feel sorry for me , i 'm gay and my mother is insane '' way . the man has been taping himself since he was in grammar school , so he 's just a tad in love with himself , methinks . harmony korine 's julien donkey-boy is a film that deals with a schizophernic , and it is much more interesting and artistic than this film ( korine 's uncle is a schizophernic ) . derek jarman shot his films in multiple formats similar to this film , like 35mm , 16mm , video , and super8 , and weaved the images into an artistic and fascinating tapestry . kenneth anger , as well as jarman , infused a gay sensibility into their films , which jonathan does n't do very well . overall , disappointing , considering critics said it was absolutely brilliant ....
we found the stories a joke . lisa and i lol ed at the ha haaaa , see , twist in the <NUM> or <NUM> stories we read . i believe a person could buy any of the romance novels at the supermarket and get the same thing
i bought this cd because i heard blood on motorway , in a commercial . i thought it was a hot jig . will , it wasnt like the commercial . i wasnt expecting suicide lyrics and empty crys of the synthesizer . it was a waste of my 14.99 and im resaling it
if you 're looking to recreate the experience you had at a soul coughing show , i 'd suggest you look elsewhere . this recording is a weak ( at best ) audience recording that is muffled , muddled , and boomy . i was almost entirely disappointed
as a fan of the coen brothers i was very disappointed by this film because it was almost good . the snappy and perfectly timed dialogue they usually have never quite materializes here . the wonderful characters you would expect to find here are mostly hollow and not quite original or sharp . add to this the fact that the original is a classic and in no way needed to be remade and it 's a swing and a miss . this movie seems less like a coen brothers movie than it does a movie made by fans of theirs that were stealing from them in uninspired ways
i think i 've read most of mr. woods ' stone barrington novels , enjoying them thoroughly - but this is a sad addition to the collection . he just called this one in - unrealistic plot , unresolved plotlines , bad dialogue ....... i think he 's unfortunately succumbed to the 'publisher 's lament ' : `` you just have to release another stone novel this year ! '' there 's no pride of authorship in this book - it 's strictly a throwaway .... and the circular bin is where it 's ended up ......
this is not a story about black river falls , as the description indicates . it is a film about stories from around wisconsin as reported in a paper from black river falls , with some hokey footage of modern ( <NUM> 's ) day black river falls . there are very few photographs from the period and the film footage is mostly an attempt at what i can only call `` modern art '' . cut out about <NUM> minutes of `` filler '' and this would be a somewhat better film . basically , it 's a collection of `` strange but true stories '' that have no connection to each other , except they took place around the same period of time and took place somewhere in the state of wisconsin . and the modern footage makes no positive contribution at all . in fact , if i was from black river falls , i would be upset about how the town is portrayed . a complete waste of time and film
what is this ? his first album was great . i think this was trying to be too differnt and obscure . like the beyond belief weird , `` the omen , '' ( part <NUM> of damien ) with marilyn manson . most of the music backrounds and not good and dont flow . plus some of the rhymes dont make any sense , and are just there for the sake of rhyming , `` ai n't no way . '' and as a second album it does it justice to being way more dirty and hardcore . just the second track alone , `` bring your whole crew , '' dmx speaks of raping a girl , killing someone and then having sex with the corpse . i mean didnt you notice by the cover of dmx imersed in blood ? i mean , `` slipping , '' is alright and , `` it 's all good , '' `` heat . '' as a whole , very un-enjoyable . i would be happy never hearing this again . i mean inevative is great ! but this mabye went too far , there were n't really any popular singles except for , `` slippin ' '' a lot of people think dmx is a god , and i remember dmx being a little bothered by that . a while ago the man was busted for inpersonating a police officer and pulling someone over . no to this
our two year old loves the tv shows & his wiggles cds , but he is not interested in this dvd . it is simply songs strung together , with little or no dialog and no plot ( which our child really enjoys , and frankly , makes it easier for me to sit through , strange as that may sound ) . most songs are performed on the same basic set , which is just a sky & clouds background . also , as many reviewers have said , the puppets are terrible . i think they will give me nightmares . they are awful ! !
i am really impressed with the good ratings this book has gotten so far . i hate it . the authors incapability to explain the multinational context in simple terms , his approach to pack every little , tiny detail that somehow might correlate to the overall subject into each chapter , and his inability to use formulas and graphs in an understandable way , makes me wonder if the author actually knows what he is talking about . i find this financial book the worst i had to deal with so far . as an honor student with a finance major i feel like shapiro is trying to hard to create a book that covers all . his examples and illustrations are somewhat interesting since they provide some information on how things work in the real world , but they lack something really important that i personally find essential for demonstration purposes : clarity and comprehensiveness . additionally , i find his approach to verbally describe his calculations in huge paragraphs disturbing . as disturbing is his way to create his own symbols and acronyms and not using those other financial books use . when studying you therefore need so much time in figuring out , what his symbols actually mean , that you would rather read another book . i personally doubt that shapiro has actually understood the subject himself . he is using the trick i always use when i do not want my professors to notice my lack of understanding : verbosity . quantity is not always good . i would definitely simplify the book and use clearer formulas , a more mathematical approach , better graphs , more information on how these formulas could be derived , less words , fewer sub-chapters , more interesting case studies at the end of the chapters , more problems for self-evaluation at the end of the chapters , clearer examples and illustrations .... there is so much room to improve that it might be better to rewrite the whole book using a better author .
this product is routine yoga and is not something unique . it is exactly which you can find in other yoga classes
this entire movie could have run in only <NUM> minutes and you would n't miss anything and might even enjoy it . unfortunately it ran <NUM> minutes too long and i could n't wait for it to end . i saw it in the theater and the people all around me were all complaining how boring it was . at least a quarter of them walked out before the end . it 's that bad . it 's a shame , i love a good suspense/horror movie and the decent actors in this movies were waisted
i love to read great books like brave new world by aldous huxley or far from the madding crowd by thomas hardy . i love the aeneid by virgil , the odyssey by homer . i read both long versions of les miserables and the hunchback of norte dame by victor hugo . i read the rise and fall of the roman empire by gibbons and gained much knowledge from doing so . i love to read . but great expectations was a great disappointment ! i was somewhat amused until chapter ten where i felt the book became psycho-babble . i was also disappointed in tale of two cities . i could not endure the first two chapters ! dickens did a fine job on the christmas carol . but i will never read another of his books
i am so sorry i had n't taken the time to read the customer 's reviews of made in america and the lost continent , prior to buying them . frankly , i 'm not sure which of these two books is more disappointing . the only thing i was able to take away from them was the idea that bill bryson thinks hammering and bashing anything north american ( usa only ) is considered extremely good fun and humorous
i 'm a huge sinatra fan , but this is a weak brew . sinatra phones it in ( literally - he was n't even in the same room with his duet partners ) , and few of the guests offer anything of value . this is a marketing ploy , not an album - get any of the great capitol releases from the 50s and learn why sinatra was the entertainer of the century ..
the problem with this film is i read the book . i was disappointed simply because ` be cool ' is an obvious showcase for the musical talent . the overly long dance sequence with john travolta and uma thurman is a prime example . somewhere the bulk of the story was lost -- and there are some very -- very good characters appearing in the film that would 've been more intersing if somebody would 've said , `` hey , do n't forget the book ! '' but being true to the original source is not hollywood 's strong suit . `` be cool '' provides some popular music , some known faces , but without john travolta , the movie would never have been made . a few laughs are provided . a couple ironic scenes show up , but there 's too little to sustain a full-length feature . basically , the project is a disservice to everyone involved . some of the characters are so thin -- face it -- poor christina milian as linda moon , is reduced to being a voice that sways when she sings -- a clich . the rock does the best he can but again , ` he 's a gay bodyguard ; ' he 's the brunt of insulting jokes offered up by a raji , his boss [ vince vaughn ] , who , in the book , is far more sinister -- but in the film he 's an idiot . of course chili is chili . travolta does a very nice job , and chili 's obviously the smartest guy in the room . uma thruman 's performance is , well , not funny -- not serious , not intense -- not much -- at best , she made me shrug . i do like what harvey keitel did with nick carr , but there 's just not enough , and all the negatives reflect completely on the director . enough said there . my advice , watch ` get shorty'again , or read ` be cool . '
he has no real talent at all . he can not rap , he has no flow , no lyrics , the beats can make you fall asleep . in short , this is the reason why rap music is so bad nowadays
this second sequel to `` darkman '' maintains the visual style of the first two , has great music , a few good action moments , and a very good performance from arnold vosloo as the hero . these are the four things i liked most about `` darkman <NUM> : die darkman die , '' which is n't a bad movie , but it 's not very good either . i 'm not only a fan of darkman , i 'm also a fan of sam raimi , liam neeson , and arnold vosloo . given this , i was sad to see raimi and neeson leave the franchise , but am thankful for vosloo 's performance . he does a great darkman/westlake and the sequels , especially this movie , have him to thank . while the second was a great follow-up , this film is a little on the stupid side . jeff fahey , overacting in every scene , plays bad guy peter rooker , who is a drug dealer who is after darkman when a large sum of money is stolen from him . the plot digs deeper into rooker 's life and soon darkman is disguising himself as rooker and befriends his wife and daughter . darkman soon makes a vow that he will not get involved with the family , that he is only after peter . but soon darkman 's light side gets the better of him . the movie is bleeding with predictable moments and painfully awful one-liners . thankfully , director bradford may keeps a dark , violent tone to the movie and mostly keeps the movie serious about itself . there are a few unintentionally funny moments , more so than in the second , and this hurts the movie a little . i suppose the reason to see this film is if you liked the first two . i did , and gladly added this one to my collection . i have no regrets about it , but take fair warning : only fans will enjoy this one . everyone else will be in the dark
i do n't know who wrote the <NUM> star reviews of this book , but they 're like those actors in bad tv ads claiming that they lost <NUM> pounds in <NUM> weeks . those rave reviews are hard to stomach . this is a really bad book -- i agree with the person who said that they would give it zero stars if they could ( half the book is empty blank pages for your journaling ) . there is not much that 's helpful in this book . much better and thorough are ( <NUM> ) the thyroid solution by ridha arem , ( <NUM> ) living with autoimmune disease by mary j. shomon , & ( <NUM> ) thyroid power by richard l. shames and marilee halo shames . these books are better researched and are compassionately and well-written by m.d . 's and/or persons with personal experience with thyroid problems . skip this book by dirgo
the movie itself is a snoozer . there 's a good amount of physical comedy , but the story just went nowhere . however , the running commentary is hilarious ! when the commentary is funnier than the movie , you know the movie is pretty bad
biggie put her on the map . why , i 'll never know . so she sucked off the fame he gave her ( not the only thing she 's been sucking ) also , being a biggie fan , the name of this cd ( proving my point about biggie ) was offensive and disrespectful . this is not rap , this is pop . if you think this is rap , you need to get smacked with a `` the lost children of babylon '' album and learn real rap . nothing but two dollar trash by a two dollar wh * re
the only thing that kept this from being absolutely predictable was that a dead bad guy did not spring back to life . i found myself saying `` oh come on '' to one plot point after another ( previous reviewers have covered these absurdities ) . the underlying scenario was unconvincing and un-involving ( previous reviews in this thread provide details )
these songs take me back and are all top hits ! it should be noted that the cd will not play in some players . some copy protected thing i guess . it would be nice if amazon would list the players that do n't work with these cds so we could make a better buying decision . <NUM> stars for the player problems . <NUM> stars fot the music
i was very disappointed with this show . having read the reviews i decided to buy the dvd , now i feel cheated . the jokes are weak , his inaccurate depiction of africa and his off-the-mark african accent were more annoying than amusing . jamie was crude , disgusting and even more disappointingly , not funny at all . he will look back at this and feel acknowlege that it was n't his best performance . he had such good material to base his jokes on but he flopped quite badly . i do not recommend this dvd at all
this is the story of sheriff bell , an insufferable dullard who wo n't shut up about how criminals these days are really evil ( as opposed to all the lovely ones he knew of when growing up ? ) . he 's also a world-class boaster , never going more than a few pages without telling us how fantastic is wife loretta is . the same loretta who spends most of her time baking for or writing to evil criminals -- which tells me all i need to know about that marriage . the yakkity-yakking does n't stop there . an even bigger gas-bag is chigurh , the motor-mouthed murderer . in fact , he kills people twice . before he shoots 'em , he bores 'em to death . his weapon of choice : lectures about coins . ( his final kill took so long , i had to restrain myself from flingling the book across the train carriage . ) on the technical front , mccarthy does not structure the drama in the classical way . he chose the boring way . the majority of scenes end exactly as you expect and only one character ( moss ) has a believable goal . mccarthy also omits the obligatory final scene , between chigurh and his prey moss , which was the only reason i kept reading the book . no doubt this is to defy the expectations of the reader . expectations that this might turn out to be a decent story , in my case . what 's more , sheriff bell has no scenes with either chigurh or moss , making him a narrator with zero personal stake in the action . because mccarthy writes good , visual dialogue , he gets away with an inconsequntial narrator for the first half of the story . but when the man on the run ( moss ) exits the story , there is no other character to invest in , so the plot grinds to a halt . mccarthy can not resusitate it because there is no connection whatever between the two remaining main players . so , does mccarthy put us out of our misery ? no . sheriff bell waffles on for pages and pages about vietnam , not unlike john goodman 's character walter in the big lebowski . and that 's it . my verdict : i hope loretta runs away with a criminal . preferably one of them new evil ones
words can not describe how ignorant this topic is . i could not believe it when i saw it in the bookstore . why would parents want to encourage their children to side with unions ? educate your children , and they will not need a union to protect their job . do not glorify this way of life if you want your child to succeed
made and first released ( as tell your children ) in <NUM> , when prohibition still protected innocent youth from the purgatory of alcohol abuse , reefer madness began life as a morality tale to protect innocent youth from marijuana . tell your children was a low-budget production , made by g & h productions for a small church group . the director had gained almost all of his experience in silent film . so , the facial expressions and gestures of the actors are exaggerated as they were in silent films . this `` problem '' became an asset later . the movie begins with a star wars like scroll that touts marijuana as the real public enemy number one ! the film hammers on marijuana so hard that at one point a doctor is relieved to find that his patient has only had heroin and not marijuana . clearly , story , written by laurence meade , and the screenplay , written by arthur hoerl , could have used some validation by a real doctor with real drug treatment experience . it was dwaine esper , a pioneer intellectual property pirate who bought the rights to the film , spliced in some salacious sex scenes and marketed the resulting reefer madness as an exploitation film . as a sensation exploitation of the marijuana menace , the film made some money for esper . then it fell into nameless disuse and eventually passed into the public domain . in the early 1970s , keith stroup , a founder of the national organization for reform of marijuana laws ( norml ) , paid less than $ <NUM> for the film , cleaned it up , and began showing it at rallies . the pomposity and overacting were a big hit with the ( frequently stoned ) marijuana advocates . since then it has achieved cult status . it is up there with the rocky horror picture show . all this would make reefer madness a genuinely funny viewing experience were it not for crack , and heroin . i felt bad watching this film , not because it was not uproarious camp , but because i live in the center of a fine , historical city where mothers try to sell you their crack babies , and heroin addicts mumble incoherently trying to panhandle in front of the halfway houses where they have been dumped . if amazon , or those who reap the profit on the sales of this dvd , would donate to quality rehab programs , i would feel less like taking a shower after watching this
this band has potential but has zero groove , nothing to latch onto at all . go see the sword and leave early , man
nova is n't what it used to be . the bbc series `` the planets '' contains much of the same subject matter , presented more accurately with interviews of more relevant people
i ca n't believe i spent my $ <NUM> amazon coupon on this drivel . after reading the reviews i thought this might be a good addition to our growing collection of dvds . not ! ! ! ! my dh and i have voted this the worst movie of all time . `` the night of the lupus '' was our old worst . how can i return this disaster
where the hell is the melody , the song ? just fragments of invention that rarely gel into a work of art . i think wayne is playing the role of miles , but has not controled his men in the same way . -think i 'm crazy ? listen and judge . j
i 'm rather upset with the technical quality of this dvd . grindhouse rereleased this disc exactly as it was in <NUM> , without so much as a 16x9 animorphic upgrade . this is certainly not worth the $ 20+ dollar price tag amazon.com has right now
this is a crass emotional manipultion .. all be it well produced manipulation that gives the viewer a warm fuzzy feeling while very slyly promoting war .. suggesting war is a duty to your country or what have you . at the same time manipulting the viewers emotions very very effectively . war is mass indescriminate death of fooled young men and innocent civilians directed by millionaires who 's prime purpose is to profit from the killing . think for a minute about what you 're being told behind this mass of emotional manipulation
when i received this set it contained no disk # <NUM> and <NUM> disk # 5s . i have e-mailed the seller to see if they will rectify the situation and i 'm waiting for their response
to compare this to a digweed , sasha , or nick warren mix would be very misleading . with a few exceptions ( sugarglider , mara ) , this is a very generic , flavorless trance mix . it is * not * complex . there is no groove , no soul , no build - in short , very little to keep your interest going . it 's not the trance that you 'll find on digweed-hong kong or anthony pappa - nu breed . if you 're expecting something of that quality , do n't buy this . i was very disappointed in this mix , although it did give me new appreciation for the kind of mixes created by quality djs ( not fortier )
cant even belive it 's not good . amator night at the movies
i bought this cd because it got a lot of good reviews , and the description sounded like something i would enjoy . however , it turned out to be an atrocious cd . it is very repetitive and monotonous throughout . the songs pretty much all sound the same . there 's little melodic variation , and the vocals have basically no range . the lyrics are extremely uninspired . i 'm glad i bought this used at a cheap price . i do n't know if i 'm going to give it away or just throw it away ; it 's that bad .
i bought the japanese 2-disc edition from amazon 's japanese site . the only thing that is in japanese only are the kiddy games everthing else is in english with removable jpn subtitles . the jpn edition is ntsc and region <NUM> . if you only have a region <NUM> dvd player try to find a copy of the old tarzan collectors 2-disc edition release
bless alan 's heart ! god bless you alan ! this is a terrible book . it is n't even enough to get a conservative angry
although the author clearly loves his subject , he is not a good writer . there are awkwardly worded sentences , misspellings , wrong names and dates , and clich after cliche . this is basically a rehash of the george eells ' chapter that came out decades ago and offers little new information . the photographs are crudely reproduced and look like seventh generation photocopies . yes , the book is inexpensive , but it looks , feels , and reads like it . this must be a self-published book . the writer clearly needed an editor and a better printer . there 's a better book out there
total control started really-really well for this reader ( nice premise/set-up ) . it had an even more compelling middle ( who ? who is the bad guy ? ? ) . the last third of the book imploded as i was pleading for lead character sydney to get `` done in '' by the bad guys for being so utterly stupid and annoying . nothing in this book added up well as it concluded . baldacci let me down on this one
this movie has some excellent acting , starting with the always wonderful michael caine , and some very funny moments , but it lacks one important ingredient : a script . the story beings promisingly and then just slowly evaporates . worth watching if you are an inveterate caine fan or feel nostalgic about that caribbean island you visited .
sorry , this guy 's voice gave me the creeps . he sounds like a preacher . who can meditate without the ability to respond positively to the leading voice
we just purchased this item and when we got home and loaded it up , was very disappointed in the new voice they 're using for bob , lofty and spud ! the video itself is great and they 've introduced a new off-road 4x4 machine . but honestly , it just does n't seem like a bob the builder without the main voices we 're all used to
this may be the worst book i 've ever finished . i was expecting a book that would offer small tidbits of funny information , some shots , and some glorious facts about the great men who have led our country over the various centuries . instead , we are treated to a salacious compendium of president 's peeing on secret service men and other president 's blaming secret service men for farting . if you are looking for `` the man show '' version of the presidents , then by all means fork over your hard earned dollars . we are informed that every republican from ike to bush were bumbling idiots , and every democrat from fdr to clinton were mere victims of circumstance . if you are looking for a michael moore or al franken version of the historical lives of some of the greatest men who ever lived , then by all means add to cart . thanks to this author 's portrayal of u.s. presidents , i will forever read an author 's portrayal of the two most divisive presidents of our time , nixon and clinton , before i make such a purchase again . nixon and clinton were both failures in their own right . nixon and clinton were both men blessed with an overwhelming amount of potential , but they both flushed it away with their individual incidents . o'brien ends each portrayal with an accurate summary of the unfortunate end of each of the individual tenure , but it is within the body of these portrayals that o'brien lends his creative writing skills to the eventual manipulation of the reader . examples to the point , newt gingrich is snide and rapacious , and kenneth starr is a ruthless republican bloodhound . do we really need these adjectives ? we read no such adjectives to describe the behaivor of the democrats in power during nixon 's term . we see no adjectives or adverbs to describe the activities of a woodward and bernstein . i would consider it silly for a compendium of this sort to glorify the presidency of nixon , for his tenure was not one to emulate . nixon and clinton had their otherwise promising presidencies brought down by silly incidents that would 've been seen as such were it not for the cover-ups that followed . o'brien goes onto to proclaim bob jones university as preposterously conservative , he declares the great society as a legislative success . it maybe true that the great society was a success in accumulating enough votes for passage , but can the great society be considered a success in an historical perspective ? he portrays the anti-american carter as the greatest living former president in recent memory . he mentions carter 's farcical nobel peace prize as testament to this fact . what is this ? everyone knows that that prize was a joke provided by the nobel people looking to make an anti-american statement . it should be noted that the great peace activist yasser arafat also won this award . o'brien fails to mention the johnson administration 's propaganda involving the gulf of tonkin incident that johnson used to convince american 's that america 's role needed to be escalated in vietnam . it was an incident historians are now claiming never happened , but this is n't used to define johnson 's administration ? he maintains that every republican since ford gained office with shenanigans and slick marketing . he ends the book with the moore/franken style rants against the george w. bush election , which many nonpartisan publications -- including the democrat miami herald and the usa today -- are saying they could 've recounted until the end of time and bush would 've won . he comments on bush 's slick maneuvering to enter into the war with iraq . i will grant you that this book was written before news of the the oil for food un scandals broke . these scandals involved france , germany and russia , and this scandal may have affected the manner in which pre-war activities were conducted . all in all , should n't a book of this variety be written to open debate rather than close it with propaganda material ? i found some of the portrayals of presidents one rarely hears mentioned , such as zachary taylor and franklin pierce , but i found myself reevaluating all of these portrayals after reading about those with which i am much more familiar . i am currently an unsuccessful author , but i have written enough , and studied the craft enough , to know a writer 's manipulation when i see it . it 's a shame too , for this could 've been such an interesting idea . as i have mentioned , cormac o'brien has taught me a valuable lesson when buying historical perspectives : try and learn the author 's agenda before buying his book . i have read a couple of books of this sort that will lambaste and glorify an lbj or a clinton as often as they lambaste and glorify a nixon or a reagan . while i will agree that it is difficult for an individual to separate himself from his perspective , it should always be the responsibility of said author to keep this to a matter of degrees . it is my hope that the anxious readers who share my love for information , regardless of their individual biases , will search elsewhere
the book begins with huffington complaining that her cable bill has just gone up while the ceo of her cable company just got a fat raise . poor huffington , the victim of ruthless greedy ceo 's . here 's an idea arianna , dump cable and sign up with dish network or voom or directtv , or just cancel service altogether , its just cable tv not oxygen . she really does n't discuss the fact that there are such alternatives . why are there so many alternatives to those meanies at the cable company ? because of deregulation which she bemoans as the source of all the worlds troubles in the first place . this sort of nutty reasoning is used throughout the entire book . if youre an angry lefty by all means buy this book . if you want to learn somthing , do n't waste your money
from woolf to dickens and carlyle to a wonderful essay on little black sambo 's author to josephine baker , phylis rose 's objects of consideration have always been profoundly significant . we used to read her books because they told us about the world . but now we learn only about phyllis rose 's world , and it is n't the least bit appealing , or interesting or even revelatory . rose has lost her way completely . her early books expressed a kind of insight , albeit in a perpetually arrogant and smug tone , that is completely absent from this book . an author in search of a subject . perhaps this is her last book
terrible direction , terrible writing , it almost feels like the director did n't know what he was working with . although this movie wanted to be in the same race and quality of the movie clue , it fails to realize that the plot and characters are incredibly riculous and not funny ha ha but funny stupid . it was a total watse of good celluloid
the black eyed peas are the worst group is rap history ! its hard to believe that anyone could make music worse than the black eyed peas . this group is an embarasment to rap , hip-hop , r & b , and any other type of music ever created . how and why people continue to support these lame , extremely non-talented rejects of the rap world is completely unbelievable . i thought thier last cd was trash , but this has incredibly surpassed the low mark set by elephunk , which should have been called , `` hey let'sell out and attempt to create the worst music ever known to man '' . the only good news is that theyll soon be forgotten about as they have just murdered thier musical careers , and will have to resort to doing jingles for commmercials in order to survive . these three unoriginal , talentless , boring , annoying , sellout , fake wanna-bes should stop making any kind of music and get completely out of the music business . tonight i willl pray very hard that these bafoons of the music industry never make another song ever ! ! ! ! to say that they suck would be a compliment , they would have to practice constantly for the next 1,000 years then make a deal with the devil just to scrape up enough talent to suck ! theyre just that horrible ! !
michael seid 's extensive experience yields some useful insights and he explains many of the steps involved in franchising , but the book reads too much like advertorial and seid spends way too much time trumpeting his own accomplishments . ( wendy 's founder dave thomas ' contributions to the book are woefully slim and including him as a coauthor seems to serve more as a marketing tool . ) franchising for dummies would be a worthwhile addition to your library on the subject , but if you 're looking for a single , objective , authoritarian source on the subject , keep looking
i have my doubts as to santana ' music for quiet a long time- it seems that he loves his place and role as a rock icon too much and forgot to do music . let me be more specific- i never liked his salsa last records and thought that this is no music . for a guitar player who invented new ideas and streams in the rock guitar-playing world , these records were an insult- no less . i am really sure that santana himself admits- deep down in his heart- that he looks for better music . it can be that these guilt feelings brought him to `` create '' this dvd . well , if i am right in my analysis , he did wrong in his music , again . nothing connects santana to the blues and he will not convince ( at least me ) that he was raised on the knees of the blues . c'mon , forty years of career and now he revels that he is rooted in the blues ? ? sorry , i do n't buy it . now , as santana is not a blues guitar player , and never was- this dvd can not be good and there are a lot of reasons for it : santana ' playing the blues is loud and vulgar while all other three guitar players ( bobby parker , clarence `` gatemouth '' brown and buddy guy ) have a small and unique sound , santana ' technique ( which was always amazing ) covers a lack of touch and feeling while all three base their playing on feeling , emotion and the right sound- santana , on the other hand , covers his disadvantages in playing the blues with all lot of notes . now , if you want to purchase good blues guitar playing dvd go for each of the three ( meaning : bobby parker , clarence `` gatemouth '' brown and buddy guy ) for their own records . if you like santana ( past or present ) go for his own but , do n't mix between them as santana did . one more thing- santana relates to jeff beck in his words added to this dvd and i agree that this is a good example- anyone who wants to understand the meaning of the blues and rock/blues guitar should address to jeff beck , not to santana whom we still expect , after so many years , to create real music .
i was dissapointed when i listened to this cd . all i wanted was the original version of the perfect drug . this cd only has the remixes . so if you 're buying this cd for the original version , you should just as well buy the soundtrack for the lost highway instead
really , the reason speed <NUM> : cruise control is n't a classic like the first one is because the speed storyline is not a bus , but a boat this time around . do you really think a boat can go as fast as a bus ? even if a boat is fast , do you think that 's more exciting than a bus avoiding danger in the city streets ? i do n't . what kind of amazing dangers can a boat avoid ? other boats ? ocean buoys ? a bus with a bomb underneath it is more rewarding to watch . speed <NUM> feels more like a way to cash in on the original . i watched the movie twice and was n't satisfied either time . it 's an okay movie , though . but do n't expect `` speed '' .
being an avid neil diamond fan i was anxious to get this cd . however ; the songs are uninspired , unremarkable and banal . a huge disappointment
i kept watching this hoping a plot would eventually come up . but it didnt .
i found the characters stilted and unbelievable . these are supposed to be `` real '' people ? it is just my opinion but my copy goes up for sale today
this dvd is the perfect example of misjudged style over substance . the concert is well shot in high definition , the direction is slick and the performance is very professional , but the overall experience leaves me absolutely cold . compare this to something like the wonderful deep purple at the california jam dvd , which has grainy video and sound from an original mono recording , and you will see that with all the fantastic technical advances in the world , style can never overcome substance . and ultimately , this particular whitesnake incarnation seems to offer very little in the way of substance . the band members themselves are indisputably technically gifted musicians - but you just ca n't help feel that all they effectively are is a band of hired-hands who learned their craft from watching mtv in the early <NUM> 's . this is no doubt unfair and i am sure they are very nice chaps , but in this setting they just come across as extras supporting coverdale , in the same way as miss kitaen and the jag did in <NUM> . as for david coverdale , this is painful ... no ... excruciating to watch . i have long been of the opinion that this man possesses the greatest voice in the whole of popular music - never mind just rock . when singing in the right register , david coverdale has the most wonderfully rich , soulful and charismatic voice to ever grace a rock , blues or soul song . and to be fair to coverdale , it 's not as if he has lost that beautiful rich timbre , it can still be evidenced on his last solon album , into the light , and indeed sounds as good as ever in the setting of some of the mellower songs . the problem coverdale has is that he can not sing heavy rock any more .... at least not in the high pitched manner he so often attempts on this dvd . he sounds absolutely dreadful i am sorry to say . it 's very sad in a way that is similar to witnessing the sorry sight of someone who has lost a limb . in coverdale 's case , it is the voice that has been amputated , and it 's just awful to witness his donald duck like efforts at out screeching robert plant . unfortunately this seems to be the direction david feels he has to go in in order to maximize his earning potential . his moves back towards integrity , evidenced on restless heart and into the light , were not commercially successful and now he seems to believe that the hair metal brand of whitesnake , born in the late ` <NUM> 's , is the way to go . judging by the delirious fans on this dvd , he may be right - at least from a financial perspective . he sounds dreadful , and surrounds himself with a cloned band of metal heroes , but at least he 's satisfying the dwindling band of supporters who once made his <NUM> album a multimillion seller the world over . integrity seems to be a bloody luxury coverdale can no longer afford .
who needs dark side of the moon ? wish you were here ? the wall ? animals ? ! ? ! ? just stick with post <NUM> floy
good music but a bad title ! elvis has left the planet but a new king has been born with the self proclaimed new king of rock and roll ken rondell at http : //www.cdbaby.com/cd/bigra
i watched this movie , seeing that it was a `` shark '' movie . but where 's the shark ? ? the plot is these people are hostages . the shark is just there so us shark fanatics have a reason to see this awful movie . but i was watching going , `` okay , they 're in the water , where is the shark ? ? ? '' even jaws <NUM> , ( which sucked ) has more sharks . if you like hoatage movies , see this . ( on second thought , do n't ... ) but if you like sharks , see something else
i do n't care how great this book would have turned out to be if i had finished it . within the first <NUM> pages , stephanie recalls the sex she had with the guy she 's hunting down when she was <NUM> and he was <NUM> years old ; and her grandpa plum shooting a grossly neglected family pet to end the animal 's pain and suffering . if i had known about the distasteful elements in this book , i would never have purchased it
this movie is a classic in terms of jaw-droppingly honest self-aggrandizement . if you took everything out of an early <NUM> 's woody allen film except the repugnant parts , you 'd get `` fall , '' and it 's made me a devoted eric schaeffer fan . what 's so amazing about it all is the sheer self-centered wish-fulfillment that schaeffer indulges in . it 's so cool ! every single character in the movie exists only as a vehicle to convey to his character how incredibly great he is -and why not ? ! he has two female friends who we know almost nothing about except that they 're constantly impressed with his life and abilities as a lover . he 's got the supermodel lover who ultimately dumps him only because he 's too cool , too hot , too real for her . i 'm not kidding . you must see this . then there 's the sex . schaeffer 's character ( who , like shaeffer , is a nyc cab driver who had an affair with a married supermodel who ultimately dumped him ) is so amazingly incredible as a lover that he makes his supermodel climax without touching her ! if that 's not cool enough , his two lady friends then spend time marveling at this , about how great it is that he did that without touching her ! wow ! later , she actually violates him with the aid of a toy , but once again it 's her who climaxes , thanks to his incredible dirty-talk and overall amazingness . this guy 's a dynamo , and thankfully there is n't a frame of the film that is n't devoted to showing that or having one of the other characters tell him that . as i said , he gets dumped eventually , just like in real life . but schaeffer wants us to know the truth , that it 's because he 's too great and she 's ultimately too shallow and loves him too intensely . schaeffer even imagines his lover 's husband as a sexless idiot and gives him the line `` maybe i 'm shallow and superficial , but ... '' the husband then goes on to acknowledge that he ca n't compete with whoever this incredible lover-man is , but that he 'll `` be there '' if she changes her mind and chooses the shallow , easy path . eric 's `` character '' is just that good . for anyone who , like me , lives in a world where the only obstacles are the fact that some people resent how incredible i am and that the world revolves around me instead of them ... this movie is for us
i thought the art had a certain charm , and used strictly as a picture book for children who ca n't yet read , i think it 's quite nice . ( too bad you ca n't make up your own story to go with it . ) the moment the child starts to read , though -- better hide it quick , because ... unfortunately , the book reads like a condensed communist manifesto for kids ( as others have noted ) , or a socialist agenda primer . i do n't know for sure that 's what marcus pfister had as an aim , and i 'm not going to speculate on his politics . he has three kids and may raise them as he likes , and indulge in any such philosophical musings as float his boat . yes , i suppose sharing is nice . certainly sharing one 's talents and abilities for the betterment of others is a great thing -- but in america , we get paid for that ( charity is voluntary , not coerced ) . furthermore , stripping yourself of what makes you unique and interesting ( not necessarily better , just unique and interesting ) , or giving away all your possessions , is a lousy way to make and keep friends , is n't it ? is this book implying that somehow friendship can only be obtained by placating envy ( a negative personal quality that should be dealt with by self-examination and intent to change , not pandering ) ? is it saying that being interesting and having unique qualities is bad ? almost seems like it , at least to me . furthermore , there 's an overtone of `` only by belonging to a group can you have self-worth , '' which is as hoary a case of balderdash as ever i 've seen . of course , people who agree with that egregious sentiment will disagree with me , but that wo n't make them right . ( the two stars , if you must know , are for the art .
i bought this book based on the number of favorable reviews and was disappointed . poehlmann 's tone is defensive , and the book offers more rhetoric than useful information . this is a fine book for those who are already convinced of the mycoplasma theory and the effectiveness of antibiotic therapy , but it for those who are seeking more information , it falls flat , chiefly because it fails to offer a cogent , rational uninflected basis for its views
i found this book to be weird quiet frankly . chapter <NUM> goes off the deep-end of designing efficient queries before you 've even built a report yet . that material should have been put at the end of the book . creating a report with the report wizard is covered in chapter <NUM> but probably would have been best if it was before chapter <NUM> which covers creating a report manually . i did n't find anything `` pro '' , as the name implies , or advanced with the book . it 's a broad introductory text only . also , it only covers using the reportviewer control for win forms and not the one web forms . the two are similar enough but coverage of both would have been better .
of course i purchased this without previewing any of the songs because it 's `` brad paisley . '' what a mistake ! really bad song writing ! bad song selection for an album ! horrible attempt at humor and i 'm wondering if little jimmy dickens will continue to get speech therapy on all of brad 's albums . i 'll be selling my copy of this new cd ..... it 's junk
this cd will no doubt appeal to drunken frat boys and fellow travelers , but to me it 's all a waste of what once was a genuinely interesting ( though far too self-indulgent ) singer . in the old days i could forgive the relentless self-pity about how awful it was to be his father 's son , because the occasional great performance came through . but there 's no such saving grace here - and the explicit lyrics are just pathetic ; we 've all heard more accomplished filth from grade schoolers . no wonder amazon - and most other retailers - are discounting this cd so heavily
so i really liked new nathan detroits ... i kept listening , hoping for more . what i got was a listless drone of alternative sounding chords and alkaline trio style vocals . i suppose i didnt give the album much of a chance ... but when i have to stop listening to it twice because it bores me so much , i dont feel like i need to . the album appeared to have potential ... but nothing stuck out except for the first track . everything just ran together , and it was difficult to seperate any sort of melody in any of the songs . compared to all the other reviews , i am apparently missing something , but i didnt like it . i heard it directly after listening to appleseed casts ' & quot ; end of the ring wars & quot ; , which was amazing . so i guess would recomend that over this anyday . i will give this album another chance , simply because everyone else seems to like it so much , but as for right now , it gets a big juicy thumbs down
braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together
i 'm disgusted by depalma . this is trash and so is he . it is too manipulative and it is completely his fault . he stretches out these horror scenes in the most manipulative way , as we watch travolta fight his way through crowds to save the girl . this kind of manure ( self censorship ) angers me . this is n't art . it 's garbage . his whole purpose is to manipulate us , to extend the horror scene in the most manipulative way . do n't you see how phony it is ? do n't you resent how he is playing with your emotions ? you call this art ? you call this talent ? you call this good directing ? it 's trash . he stinks . if he 's trying to copy hitchcock , he 's not doing it right . why not show us travolta swimming through sharks trying to save the girl . i got it . how about travolta pushing kindergarten kids out of the way trying to save the girl from a four year old strangler . and stretch the scene out , make it last through the whole milk and cookies period , as travolta keeps pushing kids out of his way and the kids are merrily eating their oreos and the girl is getting strangled . eeek . that 's a good scream . depalma , you stink . what other stupid tricks can you do
combining dialogue that appears to have been lifted from old political pamphlets with a rock music score more appropriate to a modern cosmetics commericial ( lots of guitars and vibraphones , let 's call it `` rock on with nawsa '' ) , this film tells the viewer much more about hollywood femnists ' perceptions of the past , than it does about the past itself . all decked out in edwardian costumes , the cast works its way through a series of thankfully brief scenes in which enlightened women slay dominant males with verbal ripostes and quips , all loaded with telling facts and figures that reveal the extent of sex discrimination in the progressive era . these scenes also include the occasional disgruntled woman , for the moment reluctant to enlist in the movement , yet after being exposed to a few suffragist talking-points , she too will take up the banner and join the nawsa crusade . perhaps the most forgettable moment in two hours of not very clever dialogue came early on when alice told a washington post reporter : `` i 'm having dinner with helen keller . '' the reporter , `` do n't stare , she hates that . '' yet , i suppose the most annoying aspect of this film is the music : rock is not only inapposite to the 1910s , it is completely at odds with the seriousness with which suffragists conducted their campaigns . indeed , one of the few songs the producers chose from the early 20th century was `` ai n't she sweet '' -- a roarin ' twenties jazz standard introduced in <NUM> by paul ash & his orchestra at the oriental theatre in chicago and thereafter adopted by such entertainers as eddie cantor and sophie tucker . alice paul was hardly a flapper , nor was she an astute poitical strategist . she was a militant activist whose overwrought contribution to winning the vote for women only complemented the much greater , much more productive efforts of carrie chapman catt ( angelica huston ) and others who had continued the struggle since seneca falls in <NUM> . catt used paul 's antics to good effect in eventually persuading president wilson ( here , woefully overweight ) to endorse suffrage as a route to victory in the great war . paul was at most a footnote in the process . i showed this film to my gilded age-progressive era class last spring ; consider a few written comments from today 's undergraduates : `` disjointed '' -- `` historically inept and emotion-ridden '' -- `` this was hilary swank in insomnia part <NUM> '' -- `` numerous historical inaccuracies included women 's hair and men 's clothing styles from later eras , the misuse of props like a small woman 's wrist watch and a crown graphic press camera , both of which did not exist in <NUM> , plus the american flag behind wilson is hung backwards '' -- `` the parts where she ( paul/swank ) was jailed reminded me of that holocaust movie by speiberg , but his was more convincing '' & my favorite : `` why not really screw it up and throw in a little helen reddy at the end ?
wow . where do i even begin ? it is sad to think that so many americans are as misinformed about iraq and the war on terror as this darryl worley is . first off , i do n't know anyone who is saying `` you should n't worry about bin laden . '' if anything people against the war in iraq wanted our government to spend more time and efforts tracking down al-qaeda 's leader . the fact that bush jr. will not make the hunt for bin laden his # <NUM> priority is one of the many reasons why millions of americans voted for kerry . they want a leader who will stand up and protect us from the mastermind who attacked us and not send us on a wild goose chase like what bush jr. has unfortunatly done . think for once darryl ! next , if you are going to write a song about invading iraq at least make references to it . also , now that the war in iraq and our president 's approval ratings are so low . i doubt darryl worley would ever make a sequel song about staying the course in iraq . he and his managers are probably thinking about the next tragedy to cash in on . hmmmm maybe he will $ ing about hurricane katrina next ... we have spent so-far <NUM> billon dollars and more than that worth in human life lost in iraq , all that in a war that `` ended '' according to our president on may <NUM> , <NUM> . perhaps , outsourcing jobs to other countries should be extended to crappy songwriters too .
jim ainsworth clearly demonstrates his extensive financial consulting experience throughout this book . much of the information is valuable , and it covers the important beginners ' range of knowledge effectively . however , his 'down to earth ' style is not only irritating , it actually makes the book painful to read . good written english is not always the same as good spoken english . surely the man is a succesful financial consultant , but that does n't make him a good writer . it just goes to show that in a hot , growing industry like financial consulting a book written by a 'qualified ' author will sell even if it is poorly written
the rub with this product is that it contains quizes and a review test but they do not provide the answers ! ! ! ! ! i spoke with the publisher and i was told that the book is for classroom use only and the answers will not be provided . if you are studying for the fl re sales exam , this book is virtually usless without the answer key . shame on amazon for selling this product without disclosure !
johnny rotten must have been upset with his record company when he recorded this effort . the production is sloppy and there does n't appear to be any attempts at song construction . it 's simply jah wobble wobbling along while rotten moans and rants unintelligibly . it would n't surprise me if all the tracks were recorded in one take and in one day . blah blah blah pil 's first album is much better
i 'm in the process of confirming the rumour that rod was being seriously considered for a knighthood until the royal family was accidently subjected to listening to this cd.the rest , as they say , is history . let 's get serious , every performer of rod 's stature has the right to dress up and sing like a lounge lizard once and awhile . but like every good joke you only have to tell it to the audience once , not three times and counting.the only group that applauded the release of this cd were chronic insomniacs . rod needs to emerge from the `` counting room '' of his graceland mansion in st.tropeze and get serious about the music instead of the bottom line . forecasts are not promising . the music industry is abuzz , that his next project under consideration is a tribute album to the legendary harry reser and the clicquot club eskimos orchestra . it 's being leaked on the web , that through the state of the studio art , harry 's instrumental tracks are being combined with newly created lyrics for many of his best selling tunes . the standouts include , '' the old town pump '' and '' send me back my honeyman '' .i have serious reservations concerning the project 's success , particularly given the weak performances represented on the american songbook vol.3 . however , hope springs eternal .
i recently rented this movie , having never seen it before . i 'm wondering what all the kudo 's were for . denuve was pretty and had a boyfriend who was interested in her . why did she lock herself in that ratty apartment ? did she have a history of mental illness ? if she did n't like being alone why did n't she go with her sister or visit her parents for the weekend . we 're never told . i was confused and bored . what a let down
there is a prophet on the earth today as there has been in other dispensations and walsch has n't taken the time to meet him . the scriptures have all the information we need and if anyone put in as much effort as they do into reading this unenlightened book into reading the truth , they would be much happier then this book could get you
oops , mine bad !
the title of that song is `` everybody 's free ( to wear sunscreen ) '' by baz luhrmann . it is sometimes also called `` the graduation song . '' thought i 'd help you all out
i found this book to be dull , pretentious , and without any merit . growing up in the south must have been difficult , but i fail to see what this memoir has to do with anything other than the author showing off his checkered past and large vocabulary . yaw
there are a lot of original and wonderful flavor ideas . many of the recipies are quite pricey to make due to the liberal use of dutch cocao powder . the basic cake recipie on which most of the cupcakes are based makes a rather dry cake that has a rough texture . the basic frosting recipie is too dense . i like the flavors but not the recipies . i have adapted the basic cake and frosting recipie making the end products much lighter and airier , with good results
i just did n't like this book . i wanted to put it down and not pick it up ever again , but once i start reading a book i have to finsh it . first she was trying to run away from her past , then i dont know why her husband stayed with her . she made me sick and i liked her sister more than her . i was kind of hoping that her husband would have left her for her sister instead of staying with her . eric jerome dickey has been slipping in his last few books i hope the next two coming out this year will be better . ashley
i 'm a big fan of shogun ( <NUM> 1/2 stars ) and tai-pan ( <NUM> stars ) and expected much of the same here . but after <NUM> pages i gave up . plot , subplot , sub-subplot , sub-sub-subplot , scores of characters . i got tired of starting another chapter with a new plot angle , when i was ready for development and resolution of what came before . this book picks up with the straun/brock rivalry from tai-pan after an interval of <NUM> years . i wanted that history filled-in ( including the remaining three coins ) , but there was little of that in what i read . the writing is still good and i may have been impatient to quit after only a third of the book , but i had to move on to something more satisfying
a tenor very quickly on the rise , this is villazon 's second recital disc , one devoted to arias by gounod and massenet , all in sets of three , three for massenet , and two for gounod . while still showing great promise , some concerns that were mildly serious with the first disc are even more so , in the french repertoire , in part because diction comes up so short here . `` o souverain '' from le cid continues to show villazon 's command of line and squeezed but adequately forceful upper register , so that the volume boosts from the control room are really unnecessary . diction here is already an issue , as many ` u ' vowels get dipthonged , especially when villazon 's sound is placed back for added weight and volume . ` la reve ' from massenet 's manon is comfortably floated , with support from natalie dessay as manon enhancing the intimacy of feeling to this number . would villazon been able to sing the short aria by alain ( who appears to the heroine at first to perhaps be little more than an apparition - shades of frau ohne schatten perhaps ? - in almost a chamber opera ) , from massenet 's griselidis ( track <NUM> ) , at least as softly and lightly , as both the music and dramatic situation require , this could have also been very successful . he instead turns the aba shape of this mere chanson inside out and makes a wreck of it . the less often excerpted `` lorsque enfant '' from werther closes out the first massenet set , as does `` pourquoi me reveiller '' the second . villazon 's identification with the distraught main character of this opera is abundantly clear in both . he capitalizes well on the quixotic emotions and dreamy tendencies of the distraught main character especially well in the first selection , and he is also less intruded upon by the producers or sound engineers there as well . it is quite curious how the control room follows the tenor up a crescendo on a line that closes out the first section of the excerpt here from massenet 's roi de lahore , featuring a hero ( from hindu myth ) that bound to certain stipulations , has literally returned from the dead . not quite as ostentatious as massenet 's near remake of lohengrin , esclarmonde ( but with female protagonist instead ) , it is one of massenet 's most colorful scores . it has only been recorded complete once commercially , with joan sutherland , luis lima , and appearing only ten minutes apart , james morris , and for the part of general unfortunately eliminated from this scene here , john tomlinson , along with one other cut to villazon 's part . it would 've been more valuable to have all this complete instead of one or two other arias . he captures the incipiently worried tone of alim well , but his coloring up the vowel sounds makes it seem that he has come from a place as remote from french culture as where the opera takes place . most successful of the gounod selections are two of the three rarities . the first is source delicieuse from polyeucte , based on the corneille play . it opens very well with a minute of orchestral cortege . it perhaps has only been recorded once before and well , by roberto alagna ten years ago ; villazon conveys the heroism of the piece somewhat well , if not as securely as alagna . anges du paradis from mireille ( which mirella freni championed and recorded complete for emi ) , is third , perhaps a study for ah leve toi , soleil ( romeo ) , several years down the road . the second gounod rarity on this disc is `` inspirez-moi , race divine , '' said to be a caruso favorite , from reine de saba . its text indicates king solomon 's prize hired builder , adoniram , to be a very confident , if mildly haughty chap . villazon 's interpretation seems to portray a hero that constantly has to look behind his back , with all the incipiently yet controllably vibrato ridden throb and backphrasing villazon engages in here . the high c at the end , however , is convincing . such device as in the above , also accents and colors most phrasing in the tomb scene from romeo et juliette . `` ah ! leve toi soleil '' opens the first gounod set , and is sung with the right ardor , conventionally marked by tiny captured scoops , coming off phrases . villazon 's entrance and two later lines catch for having placed so far back in the throat , and intonation gets momentarily derailed . `` salut , demeure '' from gounod 's faust quickly becomes expressively leaden and monochrome . recitative and the beginning of the aria , `` ah ! fuyez '' from manon begin well nuanced enough , and for the aria , truly softly as a change from so much else on this disc , but all-purpose bench pressing and volume boosts intrude before long . that leaves two truly atmospheric selections from two massenet rarities , to close this recital - first , an aria from roma , massenet 's swan song for the lyric theater and `` ah ! parais '' from le mage , opera with plot line similar to that of verdi 's aida , following . the melody , introduced by the cellos at the outset for the latter , somewhat takes after `` pays merveilleux '' from meyerbeer 's africaine , but in more voluptuous color , such as in thais , and villazon and pido both capitalize well on its opulence . pido 's work , on numerous other numbers on this disc , seems heavy , lumbering , cloying , or just simply out of his idiom , so to speak . word has it that villazon , while not having a big voice , is dramatically exciting on stage and probably more immediately engaged with the content of what he is singing . how this picked up a major award from gramophone , for the specific problems this disc has , and over two more qualified nominations ( ciofi/di donato handel duets and a florez album ) is mystifying . so much digression here is over the very specific demands that french opera makes on singers . there 's much reason for hope for this tenor , but this disc , for two-thirds of it , does little to help fulfill it
my son loves `` real life '' trucks and big machines , so i thought these would be fun for him to watch . they are not , in fact they do n't even hold his attention . dave talks way too much and is way too goofy even for little kids . just show the trucks in action and forget all the up close stuff on dave . i have since bought the i love cat machines series and they are fantastic
words can not describe how ripped off and disappointed i feel about buying this book . having read rdpd and cfq in the kiyosaki range previously and finding them great , i thought this book would be great as well . i 'm sorry to say it 's the worst book i 've ever read . the entire book is a blatant sales brochure for all his other books . there 's all these annoying references where you get a little bit of information and then instructions that if you want to know more , you need to buy one of his other books . i did n't get any useful information and it 's certainly not a 'how to ' book . i thought i would be reading about him and his wife 's story but all i got was the same few points said over and over again . he does n't even try to say them in a different way . the other annoying thing was his promotion of network marketing as a good business option . it was obviously done to help sweeten the deal he has with the network marketing association who recommend all his books to their members . i could seriously go on and on about why you should n't waste your money on this book but i wo n't . i have never written a book review on amazon before as i have never felt so strongly about a book . i generally feel if i get even just <NUM> thing out of reading a book then it was well worth it . in this case i did n't get anything out of it and felt really used and taken advantage of which is why i decided to post this review . i hope it saves someone else from wasting their money . buying this book will not help you retire young or retire rich
this was the bible i used for a project , i loved the ideas and i named the classes after the names in this book . however , <NUM> years later , after reviewing this book , i would say , many ideas in the book are already outdated and over emphasized in the past . just remember the good old days when ejb was glorious and almost every company went for it . after the ejb rush , now when we are back to basic , we realized that many plain old design patterns are real gold . i would suggest you do n't rely heavily on j2ee , focus on domain design instead . many books provide this advice on domain driven development , such as design patterns , refactoring , domain driven design . after you read those books , then read this book again . you will agree with this review . http : //www.amazon.com/books-for-professional-java-developers/lm/r34sz976nxxd22/ref=cm_lm_byauthor_title_full/104-7074534-463355
the exclusion of one of reba 's true greatest hits `` till you love me '' and the inclusion of such wretched tunes as `` why have n't i heard from you '' and `` one honest heart '' makes me want to just cry . this is a lackluster greatest hits album not noteworthy by any means .
this book does n't offer any recommendations for putting any of the advice re : better self-care in place except to suggest perhaps brewing your own coffee at home to save money to hire all the help one needs to make it all a reality . for those of us who already believe `` if mama ai n't happy ai n't nobody happy '' & set our coffee makers to brew for the morning promptly after getting our babies to sleep for the night , who would like nothing better than a regular date night with our husbands , some quality alone time , and regular refreshing breaks from our kids , this is a frustrating time-waster . perhaps much of this book 's advice is better suited to mothers of older children who have enough disposable income to hire babysitters * and * housekeepers * and * take yoga classes * and * get monthly massages * and * take mini-vacations alone , etc .. the answer , i 'm sorry to say ( because it is far less satisfactory than blaming mothers for suffering martyrdom complexes & suggesting yoga to help mothers feel more `` balanced '' ) is a widespread cultural change that makes affordable child care the norm , and helps men & women shoulder the burdens of raising their children more evenly . a much more worthwhile read is `` perfect madness : motherhood in the age of anxiety '' by judith warner . i give `` the balanced mom '' two stars simply for acknowledging that motherhood is incredibly hard work and those doing that work need to be valued ( and value themselves for doing it ) , which means taking necessary breaks for sustainable self-care
it has nothing but pre-published photos we have all seen before in magazines . the tats are n't even shown . they talk about how angelina has a lot of them but they do n't even list them all . not made for the true tattoo enthusist . a coffee table book at best . it describes their crazy childhoods more than the tats
i knew going in that this would not be a masterpiece of filmmaking , but always the optimist , i naively assumed that it may have some redeeming virtues . i was wrong . every second watching this abomination is a second wasted . the script , acting , direction , sound , cinematography , plot , etc . are just plain awful . indeed , the overall quality is so low that it can not be explained simply by a lack of money or talent .... it is like some awful inside joke played upon the audience . do n't fall for it .
sorry to say this two-pack is not up to history channel usual high standard . dvd <NUM> , on the spartans ( essentially leading up to thermopylae ) is good . however , dvd <NUM> is very disappointing . first of all , it has three documentaires , but in fact the first one ( `` the odyssey of troy '' ) and the third one ( `` the trojan city '' ) are carbon copies of each other , which is somewhat of a fraud ... second , the information given by the historians is good , but the narrative itself is more than misleading -- it leaves the viewer with the impression that the trojan horse epic is part of homer 's iliad . it is n't . homer finishes the iliad with the burial of hector . it is in a `` sequel '' so to say , by quintus of smyrna , written many centuries later , that the story of the trojan horse is set down . it is also mentioned in other less complete writings , but certainly not in homer . to be fair , the second documentary in dvd <NUM> ( `` the ancient gold of troy '' ) is not bad , but does not correct the errors in the other `` two '' segements
save your money or give it to charity . this is one of the worst films for a long time . the characters are one-dimensional , you do n't care who they are and when they die , you 're indifferent . the direction and the screenplay are lame and the acting comes right out of a telephone directory . i was so bored with this film that i ca n't even bring myself to write anything else about it
what do you get ? well , a lawsuit for plagiarism , but that is n't what i 'm going to talk about here . the island started pretty well . production design was great . the story was intriguing . very nice job of introducing questionable elements into the 'perfect society ' . i thought michael bay was going to surprise me . the product placement was irritating and cheesy , but i could live with it . while the writing was pretty corny , it was still nice to see michael bay trying something a little different for him . something smarter . but once our heroes escape , the movie nosedives . it felt like two completely different movies were tacked together . as i said , i was enjoying the beginning . the survivors of an unspecified `` contamination '' dwell within a sterile , self-contained city . their happiness and well being is paramount to those in charge . they are watched over and coddled . they have no real concerns . they live a life of leisure while holding out hope that they will be the next lottery winner , which promises them a one-way trip to the island , the last uncontaminated place on earth . once you discover the truth , the rest of the movie degrades to non-stop car and foot chases . explosions , shattered glass and twisted metal and lots of running and yelling fill out the last hour and a half or so . i 'm all for action movies . loved die hard and many schwarzenegger movies . it 's that the over-the-top action seemed so out of place with this particular story . it seems to me that if i was the head of a company and its ' future was up in the air because some damaging information was stolen , i would n't think that the best solution would be to send a heavily armed militia through crowded downtown los angeles to retrieve it . for the story that was being told , some hitchcock style suspense would have worked much better . like i said , the start was promising . then the movie switched gears . after about an hour i was just wishing the movie would end already . i 've read that this is michael bay 's best movie yet . that may be , but it sure does n't say much for him as a director . i 've just found out that this movie was plagiarized from 'the clonus horror ' . that one got the mst3k treatment , but i 'm betting that i 'll still enjoy it more than this movie
i 'm going to start this off by saying that i am not the biggest andrew lloyd webber fan . some of his works are amazing , like joseph and various songs from each of his musicals , yet overall he tries to incorporate a very fake sounding pop opera into most of his shows . unfortunately , the woman in white , his first try at gothic opera , is even worse . webber obviously tried to pretend that the score for the musical was quality , thought-provoking work by jam-packing it with dissonant chords and loud orchestrations , but they only show how little he truly knows about music . half of the show 's score is little short of random notes that seem to have no connection ( almost as if he tried to imitate the genius of sondheim ) . the tunes are bland , the book is boring and confusing , and many of the performances are sub-par . for instance , the actrees portraying the woman in white simply shrieks throughout the entire cd . even when she sings , her screaming din hurts one 's ears . it seems as if she decided to cover the underdevelopment of her character with noise . the other actors are generally adequite , yet they have so little to work with that their portrayals seem dull . admittedly , there are some highlights to this cd , such as crawford 's amazing portrayal of count fosco ( especially the live version of you can get away with anything ... it is hilarious ! ) , but overall , the cd is hard to take in . some songs are quite beautiful , yet the track on which they resign are also full of shrieking , dull dialogue , and loud music . i think it is a tell-tale sign of a flop when on a live-version cd of a musical , only one song is accompanied by reaction from the audience
charles bronson is one of my favorites , but violent city is example of <NUM> 's trash at it 's worst . boring slow pacing and a `` see-saw '' action that gets old really fast . bronson 's character is so stupid acting in this film for a hitman that you wish he would get killed off himself . i love charles bronson ... but this is one of his dud films
if you are looking for the fiery songs we all hear on saturdays throughout the fall , keep looking . the song selection also dates this album . many of today 's power houses are excluded in favor of those who saw their days of glory before my lifetime . it is also insulting to see the iowa fight song credited to iowa state
i 'm on my mom 's amazon account just to say my review for this cd . i do n't have it , but i have all the songs on my ipod that i like from it . here 's my ratings- go the distance- this freakin rocked so much . it 's so emotional and beautiful ! color 's of the wind- techno sounds , love it ! find yourself- great . two worlds- nice . part of your world- liked the beat . kiss the girl- i love this pop rendition ! true to your heart- cool . blah blah blah . i ca n't remember the rest only because i do n't really like the rest so over all this cd was amazing ! ! ! ! !
the worst of the set 'gravedancers ' there was not one likable character in this one i did n't care about any of them , i wanted all of them to die , and it contained overblown special effects that were stupid at the end . big ghost head chasing in graveyard , wow that is dumb .
imho , none of the cast could hold a candle to the original with howard keel , kathryn grayson , etc . these shows are all about the music - if the music does n't make it , the whole production is n't worth two cents .
the premise of the story caught my attention -- a man presumed dead for years , whose wife had already collected a large insurance policy on him , appears to be alive after all . the problem is that sue grafton 's fictional detective kinsey millhone is too incompetent to solve the case . how does she resolve her dilemma ? by asking two other perpetrators if they were involved just to satisfy ms. milhone 's curiosity . lame ! and then there is this subplot into ms. millhone 's personal life that leads to nowhere . i do n't know what `` k '' or the rest of the alphabet has in store for readers , but i 'm not interested in finding out
huge camouflage fan ! so , needless to say , i was very excited to learn that there was a best of cd/dvd compination available . i have been into the group from the very beginning , but unfortunately , had never seen many of their videos . thanks mtv . anyway , i ordered rewind-the best of 95-87 to catch up on all the videos that i had never seen . i received the disc and promptly placed it into my dvd player ( panasonic ) . it would not play the disc , `` unable to read format '' . ok , i tried my second dvd/vcr combo , it will play anything ..... no , not this time . `` format : unrecognizable '' . i tried the disc on three other players ( samsung , hitachi , and a portable sony ) , all to no avail . i finally placed it in my imac , my last hope . it said that it would not read as a dvd , but it could play it in another format . meaning , it will play the disc , but as a computer image , not as a true dvd . the picture was very small and quite grainy . so i still got to see the videos , but not in the format that i had hoped . i just wanted to pass this information on to other fans of the band . it is a risky purchase , and a pricey one at that
i am shocked . i would have at least thought that the beats on shock value were going to be good ( to make up for the fact that timbaland ca n't rap to save his life ) . even timbaland talks about how much money he makes for beats in his `` hit track '' with nelly furtado and jt . it 's too bad that he sold all his hot beats to other artists and did n't keep any for himself . one thing that he is n't is better than scott storch . keep dreaming timbaland . you are nothing more than a wanna-be lil ' john looping your 'yeah 's and 'oooooh 's in every track that sounds the same as the one before .
i ca n't even believe alkaline trio even let that be put on a cd , that is terrible
i enjoy the hillerman navajo mysteries because the characters are well developed . not so in this book . i found the first half really boring and hard to get through . the characters were not people you could care about , an important issue for me
dr. hawkins first book , power vs force was interesting and presented a useful way to dowse using kinesiology . however , he began to venture into misapplication of this method , and has now gone off on a tangent where he seems to wish to delude himself into thinking he has developed a fool-proof way to judge the level of consciousness of any entity , concept , or construct and the truth or falsehood of any statement . there are serious logical , philosophical , and practical flaws in his work , and his attempt to quantify matters that are n't quantifiable leads to meaningless data that probably matches the bias & beliefs of those carrying out the muscle tests . this book is a good example to present to show how people can deceive themselves and misuse muscle testing and dowsing techniques . the actual technique is worthwhile , but much of what hawkins presents in the book is utterly meaningless and invalid . the levels of awareness that can be tapped into with dowsing are wise enough to not let us ask just anything we wish to and be able to receive accurate , valid answers . hawkins explores issues about media , politics , religion , spirituality , history , philosophies , healing arts , entertainment , and more , and reveals his own gross ignorance on many matters . he seems unaware that many of the people he trusts in politics and media are professional gangsters , liars , and two-faced sociopaths . he has a negative view of conspiracy theorists , many of whom are genuinely determined to find the truth and do n't resort to hawkins ' misguided shortcut attempt to identify truth . hawkins also fosters confusion with his description of his muscle test method , as it really has little to do with applied kinesiology , but is a form of dowsing where the muscle is directed to remain weak or strong in lieu of muscle response moving a pendulum or rod . i hope hawkins gets to reconsider his current efforts ... consciousness and spiritual research are vital endeavors and there are others doing useful , responsible work in those areas . for now i 'd encourage hawkins to recognize that <NUM> was in part an inside job , many conservative politicians and pundits are corrupt frauds , and the overall maturity of consciousness in america is not greater than the rest of the world
`` howl '' comes so close to being good . they capture a real authentic `` backporch '' sound , with great production . the lyrics are passable , the singing is n't too obnoxiously affected . but there just are n't any good songs on here . it 's like when you meet someone who dresses well , seems to share some common interests , and can make small talk like a champ . but then when you finally try to have a substantial conversation you realize they are thoroughly uninteresting , and just sort of suck all around . well , it 's the musical equivalent of that . they set a great vibe for beer drinking , sitting on the porch , etc . just like a tape of whales calling to each other really gives you that authentic ocean feel . but nice as they sound , whales do n't write good music and niether do the black rebel motorcycle club . alot of people see music 's primary function as providing a nice background . i 'm sure they 'll be pretty happy with this cd . also , a lot of people are lifeless zombies with no souls .
the next time someone tells you anti-zionism is not anti-judaism , please cite this book . it is a total and <NUM> percent proof that the two phenomena are one and the same . in today 's climate , israel is the international jew , and hating israel amounts to hating jews and the jewish faith . this book proves this beyond a reasonable doubt , and the fact that it is highly placed on all arab and muslim anti-israel websites is another indication of the same . bosh and balderdash , a great huge piece of trash
who keeps coming out with these cd 's ? who is crazy , stupid , retarted , and idiotic enough to make so many kidz bops ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? they killed my immortal which is my absolute favorite song that was ever written on the face of this earth ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the adult who sings the leads on toxic sounds like somebody 's grandmother being eaten by giant mutated brocolli . i 'm serious -- and i do n't even like britney spears . who is buying this crap ? the terror must stop ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i read the book and it was ok . the problem i find with alot of these books is the fact that it is hard to apply them to daily life . the food required is not ordinary food but difficult to obtain and my other family members do n't like it . i would like a book that is easy to apply to my life now . if it is too exotic i do n't have time to learn or to apply it and no one in my family is interested either
first off , there are <NUM> entries in this book , not <NUM> like the cover and title indicate . that huge and glaringly obvious mistake is representative of the lack of attention paid to the rest of the book . & quot ; everyday mind & quot ; is a disappointing collection of out-of-context excerpts from magazine articles and book snippets . there is not even one original entry in the whole book . the content is quite light for anyone really interested in buddhist thought , let alone anyone interested in really improving their lives . i wasted fifteen bucks on this one
this book is horribly outdated ! if you have acrobat <NUM> , - fine . or maybe not so fine ... use the money you would have spent on this book and upgrade to the current adobe version : acrobat <NUM> as of sept <NUM> . .. and beware of wiley books that do n't specifiy the application version - - wiley is notorious for this -- remember , when purchasing a wiley book -- think twice if the version of the application is not specified .
i am a long-time fan of the boys from brum and can honestly say that this release is horrid . they recorded the disc as a disjointed unit where everything befroe was as a team . the slick effort and reliance on electronic music shows big time . i have played their other discs non-stop throughout the years but `` homegrown '' is one that was played three times and each time i never got past track # <NUM> . save your cash on this one . a truely bad effort . they did , however , hit gold when they recorded their recent `` who you fighting for . '' now that one is worth the $ $ $
i recently witnessed this car crash of a movie . i usually like parodys but this movie was boring and unfunny .
dr. dean ornish is a quack , plain and simple . he is on the advisory board of the physicians committee for responsible medicine , which is just a front for peta . do an exact phrase google of `` the dietary delusions of dean ornish '' to get the skinny on this fool . if you want to save your life do n't waste your time on this book .
i found this book impossible to use ! the photos and illustrations were so detailed , with lines traveling everywhere , that i could n't transfer what i saw on the page to what i saw on my hand . i was disappointed
i wasted time reading this book that i will never get back . it was repetitive , predictable , and drawn out . i only finished the book hoping for a twist in the ending , but it turned out the way i thought it would . buy this book if you want to feel good about yourself for finishing it quickly , and for predicting how the story goes . but , i would not waste the time if i were you
only <NUM> tracks and some of them real soppy .. do n't waste your time or money
high marks for accompanying the nature of the film well ( pure action ) , but i miss the subtlety of the previous soundtracks ..
the prisoner of azkaban young harry suffers as an adopted child and family servant . an insulting relative is blown away , and harry leaves too . a magic bus takes him away . the special effects are extravagant , but seem senseless . the oddities are like something out of `` star wars '' , amazing but irrelevant . the ` hogwarts ' school seems to be overproducing the amount of wizards needed for their economy . or do they have a short life in their future ? great power may create great faults . the computer generated images are what makes this film interesting . the hippogriff looks great ! let 's hope it does n't drop anything on the students . sirius black has escaped from azkaban , where they keep the wizards who have gone bad . black is said to be going after harry potter ! this time we see the game of quidditch played in the rain . the winter scene and the invisible potter recalls `` the invisible man '' . overall there is a creepy feeling to the adult characters in this film . the story begins to drag in the middle , but a big black dog shows up to drag ron into his underground lair . a tree comes to life and attacks harry and hermione . then they find a secret tunnel that leads to the castle and a surprising revelation . [ does any of this make sense to you ? ] special effects are no substitute for a good story . it seems confused and meaningless . can the wing loading of a hippogriff support three people ? all seems to end well given the prior events . professor lupin resigns , his secret life-style has been found out and the parents of his students wo n't approve of this behavior . parents do n't like a teacher who exploits the students . `` harry potter '' panders to children in giving superhuman powers to a select few who are n't fit to handle these powers . or is this a subtle criticism of the aristocratic ruling class ?
it feels as though she has lost her energy , she has become a distant memory of what she used to be with mecano . still a sweet voice , the songs chosen for this cd are mediocre . her first solo cd was good , this was is not . the music just does n't click , the art in the sleeve does n't click either , maybe she needs new composers , a different producer . the pink floyd track is regrettable , she should not sing in english , she can sing in spanish and french but i would suggest her to refrain from doing it in english . maybe the cano brothers should compose her new material , maybe mecano should make a comeback ...
i have seen these guys twice , once opening for six feet under , and the other for strapping young lad . and god almighty both times i wanted to bash my head in concrete to keep from hearing these guys . overall these guys suck even the heavy parts and the melodic parts will put you to sleep . stop trying to be unearth and opeth and make good music like they do ..
as a sequel to a mega-hit movie this was a stinker . the thing i loved about the original was how it captured the late <NUM> 's with music , custumes , and attitudes and yet this sequel seemed to fall flat on it 's face in all those categories . the songs are so out of place with lots of <NUM> 's ish themes being played during certain scenes . the producer could n't even focus on one time period with the music which ranged from <NUM> 's , <NUM> 's , <NUM> 's and even <NUM> 's metal at one point . the mood and feel of the movie was wrecked by this alone , without including the fact that the songs themselves were utterly boring . one or two songs were ok , like `` reproduction '' and the biker song by michelle pfeiffer . if you buy this thinking it 's a real sequel to grease you are sadly mistaken . there 's not alot in common at all with the first movie other then a few characters and the `` t-birds '' and `` pink ladies '' . the plot is totally cheesy also . i 'm not sure what i hated worst , the fact that some of the hairstyles and music reminded me more of the <NUM> 's or the predictable plot of the movie . `` fast times at ridgemont high '' , `` the breakfast club '' & `` sixteen candles '' are so much better movies at representing the <NUM> 's if you are looking for a movie like that . the last thing i wish to see is a movie suposedly set in <NUM> is for it to coming off in all respects to be <NUM> . when i watch movies like this , i like to be transported back to a place in time and feel the period completely . unfortunately grease <NUM> leaves me wondering exactly what time period it was supposed to represent . the only saving grace of this movie is watching a young michelle pfeiffer with brown eyes instead of her usual and what i thought was her natural blue eyes
well this is going to be hard to say , because i like eric , and i highly say these dvd 's below are some of the best i have for music . eric clapton - sessions for robert johnson ( <NUM> ) dvd cream reunion dvd also , this dvd is closed captioned , which is great ! we need more of this ! but that 's about it . eric is so tense in this , you can just read it in him from the get go . i thought well maybe it will work out in the show , as many shows start off less that killer . but this show never got off . sound is not that great either , its `` ok '' on sound , but something is not right , not sure what it is , older tech ? this is going to be hard to say in here but what are you people smoking that write great reviews ? have you ever even been to a concert ? i have been to over <NUM> in <NUM> years . that 's not to brag , but geez peeps , this show is not even close to cool . maybe it 's me and my 6th sense , people always tell me i can read people pretty good . well , i tried , and i wanted ! to like it ! but sold it and without even letting anyone see it , that 's how off this dvd is . listened with sennheiser <NUM> 's , the best that i have found , had <NUM> for a couple years they are nice too , but cant touch <NUM> 's , pay the dif and see , er i mean hear .
i was very disappointed in this selection . maybe a male football fanatic would find something appealing , but i was very bored ! take me back to court , to the lawyer 's office , to the judge 's chambers , ... just about anywhere but these bleachers ! !
i bought the moosewood restaurant low-fat favorites cookbook by the moosewood collective and put out by clarkson potter publishers in <NUM> , because i 'd heard that this was a famous vegetarian restaurant chain with great food , and knew about it since the `` headquarters '' restaurant is located in ithaca , new york , where i went to school . at first , the recipes , such as mushroom polenta pie , looked pretty good to me and not too hard to make , but beyond that , i found that a great deal of asian-inspired recipes , including five spice rice and lentil sambar were too exotic and complicated to make for my taste , and the costly ingredients for various dinner recipes were often hard to find at my non-upscale , local grocery store . though i liked moosewood 's recipe for `` oven fries , '' i could have easily gotten that off the internet . and many moosewood recipes just started looking time-consuming . have i really wanted to make complicated tunisian potato turnovers involving no less than <NUM> ingredients for my dinner on any weekday ? not really . the curried sweet potato roti recipe needs <NUM> ingredients and the tamale pie asks for an astounding <NUM> . so , on the whole , i was disappointed with this book . though i 'm sure the restaurant food is pretty tasty because moosewood shows it knows how to flavor vegetables in innovative ways , i do n't recommend this book to people who need simple tasty , vegetable meals on a daily basis while on the go . this book might be more useful for entertaining guests on weekends , when you have more time and are feeling more adventurous
eraser has a few scenes that will keep your attention , but overall the movie displayed poor acting , stunts that are impossible and a mediocre plot . this movie possibly will be owned by many , but remembered by few . james caan was the only talent that eraser has to offer . sorry guys , my wife bought it , i watched it , gave it away and divorced her
very disappointed . the famous routines i was looking for are not on this set . i did n't like these routines . look for mine on ebay cheap
this sounds terrible . does n't look too well either . the <NUM> version is all one might need , it covers it all with passion and grace . time is fair
lord knows the media is a worthy target for social commentary . however , it is also an easy one , and has been often targeted in the past . thus the central problem with `` mad city , '' costa-gavras ' updating of billy wilder 's `` ace in the hole . '' the film spends nearly two hours denouncing the media -- -namely print and television news -- -for a variety of social ills , for not all of which it can so easily be blamed . and those things it can be blamed for , we kind of already knew . nonetheless , an excellent cast works hard to bring off this story of reporter max brackett ( dustin hoffman ) , who ` lucks into ' an exclusive when a disgruntled , laid-off security guard ( john travolta ) takes his former employer and a group of kids hostage in a museum while brackett just happens to be in the bathroom . travolta is to be commended for taking on a part that is not particularly sympathetic , in the form of a character that is not very bright . he and hoffman carry the film as far as it can go , but by the end you are likely to feel that you 're being hit over the head with the simplistic central message , such that the tragic coda loses impact . it 's not a bad film , and with these talents it ca n't help but have its moments , but overall it 's a bit of a missed shot
i have enjoyed baldacci 's work before but this book was simply awful . i could n't believe any of the characters and the storyline was terrible . i was very surprised to get such stilted writing from baldacci . you can miss this one in my opinion
i had to return this album to amazon after receiving an emil from them stating that it contained sony malware . poor jane ! caught up with these creeps !
hold the faith : with his debut album release , virtuous woman , warrior king cemented a reputation as one of jamaica 's hottest conscious singers in recent years . singles like never go where pagans go and virtuous woman bust up the jamaican charts , and established young warrior king as a major talent with strong vocal range , delivering cultural as well as lovers ' lyrics for some of the island 's biggest producers . in light of such a powerful debut , hold the faith turns out to be a bit of a disappointment . the album opens with an interesting introductory segment , and then the title track , which is decent but nothing to run out into the streets and shout about . from thereon out , hold the faith rides a few crests - like the herbally inspired meditation on the pass the kutchie ( full up ) rhythm , or the catchy sing-along , education - but mostly hovers right around average , or at worst , sinks to sadly uninspired . listening to forgettable roots-by-numbers efforts like freedom and judgment day , there 's little evidence that this is the work of the same singer whose compelling chanting style carried a modern classic like power to chant to the top every reggae playlist . even worse , there are a couple of performances - particularly the dreadful everyday - that sound like phone-ins ; a real let-down , and not at all what you 'd expect from an artist of warrior king 's caliber . overall , i really believe that hold the faith is just a misstep , and that if we can indeed hold the faith , warrior king will be back to reward us with his very best before too long . until then , this will just have to do
gay guy tells straight guy that gay guys can get any girl . straight guy tests this out and supposedly , fiasco occurs . well there was a fiasco : the acting , the script and the lead actor ( guy who plays straight ) because he painfully upstaged the rest of the cast . he does a good job in a bad script . the guy that plays his roommate ( the straight guy 's roommate ) is a horrible actor . he made me flinch everytime he delivered his lines . the rest of the cast was 'high school production-esque ' -- i especially liked the trampy girlfriend . she kind of reminded me of a non drag version of devine . i do n't remember the names of the characters because most of this movie is forgettable . some of the scenes were funny when they were n't supposed to be and others were awkward when they were supposed to be funny . there is a little girl ( straighty 's sister ) that also has some funny lines and fairly good delivery . if you want poor production , bad scripts and bad acting , you can either rent america 's funniest home videos or this movie . both have some decent moments , but neither of them are worth buying on dvd
from start to finish a total waste of time . i viewed this movie with some of the single women from my church including a recently married woman , we were all appalled at how desparate this `` pamela '' was note to the director not all women waiting on god are that desparate . the so called christian principals in this movie were laughable . at the end of the movie i found myself apologizing to my guests for wasting their time
one of the worst albums of all time from one of the worst bands of all time . that 's all i have to say ..
dudes . this is the worst ever . you got ta be kidding me . life is short . do n't do it to yourself . please . do not buy this album . it is so cheesy it hurts . get some heavenly , older belle and sebastian , the beach boys . if you like these guys then you probably like the barenaked ladies . and if you like these guys and you say you hate the barenaked ladies , then you are a hipster . my bad . i am dumb
surprisingly sleaze and chauvinism by female director heckerling ! she duplicated it in chevy chase vehicle national lampoon 's european vacation too ! many child actors got their start here , but the thing that cracked me up , as i saw it when it came out ( unfortu- nately ) was the dialog of my fav band , cheap trick : ticket scalper `` ... the magntism of robin zander and the charisma of rick nielsen ... and what about the tunes , ' i want you to want me , the dream police ... nan-nan-nah , 'you 're momma 's alright , your daddy's alright , they just seem a little weird , surrender , surrender ... '' , before he 's interrupted . if that is n't somebody's idea of 'surrender ' , they 've stumbled onto this review by mistake
i remember that just before i bought this in <NUM> i was pretty fed up with the state of guitar playing . at the time , the gloom and doom of the latest wave had settled over the world of guitar playing like a rain cloud . this guy turned it all around for me . i have seen and heard some of the greatest guitar players more than once but what danny did on this album is mind boggling . the thing is , it is pure , honest , beautiful , mean , technically impressive , music . just a box of ear candy . if you appreciate a good guitar player than you are in for a treat . there has never been anybody whom i recommended this album to that was disappointed .
back in <NUM> i was a kid that really loved guns n ' roses . they were the best rock band in the world , so i decided to blindly buy this album , and to my surprise .... it sucked big time . i do n't like guns n ' roses much now because i now understand their sometimes stupid and racists lyrics . however , this album compared to appetite , lies and u.y.i . <NUM> and <NUM> deserves a -5 stars . if this album would have been recorded by any other band it would sucked too and it would not have sold more than <NUM> or <NUM> copies . my advice , if you like gnr you will find that all their previous albums are just wonderful , but please , do n't buy this crap . the cover image says it all it looks like a s ... and <NUM> % of this album songs are s ...
i think beyonce has talent & is one of those musical acts with that certain `` it '' , but at the same time her musical tendency 's tend to be over the top . vocally she goes overboard & over things tend to bring down her attempts at what she is trying to get to . this song is just part <NUM> of `` crazy in love '' which was a better track . this song sounds like it jacks teena marie 's 'square biz '' . bringing back jay z is a waste of time because his rap on here makes no sense whatsoever . her vocal runs are nice & the channeling of tina turner is cool in places , but more records like this show while beyonce has a pressence along with charisma & is a foxxy mama , but making another so-so track is not a good look at a career that could & should be something special in time
first off , special effects mean nothing compared to actual quality . but at least this is better than the abomination that was jaws . the only dinosaur movie i can think of that 's worse than this is raptor , which consists of parts of the three carnosaur movies cut & pasted together . it has some redeeming feature in that ian malcom and john somedoy ( i forget his last name ... the guy who owns the park ) were actually interesting characters . i guess steve speilberg finally realised that monster/animal attack movies only work when you have characters people are going to give a monkey 's rear end about . unfortunately , the boring , stereotypical alan grant was the central character in this . if you want to watch a steven spielburg movie that 's actually good , watch e.t . or something . or `` the lost world : jurassic park '' ( even though recommending a sequel may seem lame , the sequel is a million times better than this ) if you want to see a dinosaur movie , then watch either the sequel to this movie , or arthur conan doyle 's `` the lost world '' . i would also recomend the 'carnosaur ' movies but i think they 're out of print . if you want to see a movie where sam neill plays an interesting chracter , watch 'in the mouth of madness ' or 'triangle' but definitely avoid this movie . the only reason i even own it is because it was sold in a box set with `` the lost world : jurassic park
i have enjoyed the sharpe novels and have read them twice , along with most everything else bernard cornwell has written . therefore i spent over $ <NUM> for the dvds , relying on the opinions offered to amazon . i have played three of them and have been very dissapointed . the productions have bastardised the novels . the acting becomes laborious , the plots rediculous , the low-cost production obvious , and most of all boring . i can not stand to look at the rest of the serious and have not done so . i will gladly ship the lot off to anyone who will pay the shipping from south africa . the pewter letter opener broke with the first letter i attempted to open and was trashed , as the whole set should be
i completely understand and genuinely enjoy the chinese tradition of the lion dance . it is a visually stunning and moving thing to see when done by a capable dancer . but this movie , while building to the climactic end scene , has about <NUM> lions dancing at the end . all of the lions are trying to defeat all the other lions , and all the while the viewer is left to be confused . clubfoot was a great addition , but enough with the lions ! ..
i agree with one the comments posted below . the main problem with this book is mitch is a totally one-dimensional character and it 's impossible to find any depth in him . over the course of the book he does n't change , he 's unsympathetic , and by the time we 've reached page <NUM> , we do n't know anything more about him than we did on page <NUM> . i found myself dying to get to the end of this book , just so i could start another book with some substance and some well-drawn characters . another major problem is that most of the characters in this book use the same wise-cracking speaking style so there is no sense of the characters being different from each other in any way . overall , i thought this was mediocre and a bit of a waste of time
i had seen scenes from this flick on ifc , so i finally decided to watch the whole thing . while there are a few plusses , there are many more minuses . there was some really good production design here , the cinematography was good , and there are some funny moments ( one of the killers has a shirt on saying `` cheap halloween costume '' , and there 's a poster for a missing dog head ) . the performances by the <NUM> cops ( in one scene anyway ) are actually pretty good . i think this has to do more with the <NUM> actors than zombie 's directorial skills . now the bad . one reviewer has noted that essentially this is a remake of the texas chainsaw massacre , except nowhere near as good ( or intense ) . first of all , you do n't really give a damn about the victims here ( <NUM> couples who seem to despise each other ) . they 're really obnoxious and stupid at the beginning , and after they get abducted , tortured , and killed , you do n't really care . there are so many references to other horror films ( and some blatant ripoffs , especially of chainsaw ) that it seems like a cover version rather than an original film . the acting is obnoxious and pretty bad , except for the <NUM> cops . but even their performances are strange . they are only in <NUM> scenes . they are absolute jerks in their first scene , but in their second scene , they show some depth and are sincere . i think that 's indictative of the movie . sometimes it seems it wants to be funny , other times horrific . of course , there 's no real explanation to the actual `` house of <NUM> corpses '' that one of the girls gets thrown into at the end of the film . zombie was n't trying to be ambiguous or anything . it just does n't make a damn bit of sense . and the ending sucks . it seems that they just did it to give it a lame twist ending . there are many plot holes ( after the police are killed , there are no cops that follow up on it . there would be in real life ) . overall , it 's a pretty stupid film .
more crap from plimpton , the very definition of athletic supporte
this movie is a clear rip off of scarface and the godfather . in fact the story is essentially exactly the same as the godfather with the scarface coke empire thrown in . the only difference is that there is the cops view of the events that go down and of course the fact that all of the main characters save one are black . despite the fact that this movie is a blatant rip off i did enjoy it mainly because of wesley snipes acting . other than that its been done before and been done much better
why do i dislike emma thompson so much as an actress ? aha , i know why -- she ca n't act . she can read lines and make gestures , but never makes me believe for a second that she 's who she 's pretending to be . she ruins everything she touches . i have to admit i could n't watch this in its entirety , purely because of her . for those who have n't seen the show , just look at her picture on the box ; she looks like a woman wearing a hat that belongs somewhere , anywhere , else . it 's like a pimple on cheese . apart from her , it was ok , but i do n't like branagh either , another actor afflicted with an unhealthy dose of self-consciousness in his acting , which is fatal
after watching this extremely low-budget film of a tale based on the historical story of `` hamlet '' it was easy to see where all the money went : to the cast members . the cast is loaded with potential . it includes gabriel byrne , helen mirren , christian bale , a youthful looking kate beckinsale ( she has come a long , long way since this film ) , and a plethora of the kind of actors that make you ask , `` what other movie did i see that actor in ? '' but the rest of the film fails to live up to this monumental promise . for much of the movie it looks and feels like a made-for-television romp through medieval times . it has a small cast of haggard-looking extras in peasant clothing , royalty that , if not for the crowns they wore , would be indistinguishable from the common herd , and some very predictable and flawed direction . the followers of the king , peasantry included , number about thirty in total and they all live in this small wooden village . the director makes the mistake of using a large amount of voice-over narration to propel the story , which by the end was whittled down to about <NUM> minutes of masterpiece theater shot in the countryside . one scene has hamlet dashing from a buring hall , sword in hand , but when he rounds the corner of a building his sword is missing ; cut to the following scene of hamlet confronting the new king , his murderous uncle , and the sword reappears in his hand . that kind of blatantly poor film editing is unforgivable . the acting ranges from good to passable , but no amount of thespian zeal could have or did save this project from gradual diminishing returns . except for the sighting of a schoolgirl version of kate beckinsale , prim and proper as all young lasses tend to be , this film is sadly a waste of time and money .
all the best songs are on other albums . this is an audio recording from multi-media presentations . much of the material is geared around visuals and anderson 's stage personnae . this is like listening to a television broadcast of a football game without the picture . you get the general idea what is going on , but you miss a lot . it is not like listening to a football game over the radio , where the broadcasters explain what you are n't seeing . without the visuals to go with this cd , many of the stories and jokes come up flat . this cd set is about <NUM> and a half hours long . it was taken from several years of anderson 's live shows that eventually became the united states . each cd more or less covers a specific `` tour '' . her back up band changes from cd to cd . you can tell that as time goes on , she gets more famous ( and maybe has more money ) she is able to add more to the shows ( and her backup band gets bigger ) . the sound quality is amazingly good . it is sharp and crystal clear . there is almost no audience noise , which does help create a good atmosphere for her stories . about <NUM> % of the material is spoken word . there is some music . it is probably less than <NUM> minutes of the total <NUM> and a half hour production . the recordings come from early in her career . she later redid most of the best material and put in on other albums . i would suggest getting her other cd 's . or if you want to see her performance art work , i would suggest searching out the home of the brave vhs tape ( i do n't think it has been released on dvd ) . do n't get the home of the brave cd
perhaps malkin would know better than to write a completely idiotic book that disgracefully bashes liberals while doing nothing to prove that conservatives are any better because they are n't . all fault finding and no solutions . if malkin really was a conservative , she would n't have shown her intolerance to others . the death of conservatism the destruction by the neo-cons of all that was held dear by conservatives has a growing number joining the ranks of independents by samuel a stanson [ ...
saw the previews of the first movie , but i was n't expecting too much from that . i tried to finish both the first and the second , but that did n't work out too well ... i felt these films did n't deserved to be watched all the way to the end . i do n't know how some of y'all were able to sit through this poor excuse of a movie , and that includes the first . all i really have to say is you if you like this movie or maybe a better version of it ... y'all should really consider watching cops and those insane police chases shown on tv . after all this is just another episode of cops with guest actors in it
there are certainly some memorable scenes in this film , but as a whole it just did n't quite work for me . vlastimil brodsky is indeed a talented and endearing actor but spends the whole film playing the same stock character : fanda , a maddening yet adorable grandpa , oh-so-young-at-heart , oh-so-mischievious and impish , but somehow oh-so-good-hearted and harmless that you ca n't help loving him warts and all . in fact , that 's one of the fatal flaws of this movie : the lack of any dark side to any of the characters . they 're all basically harmless walt disney types , even the bumbling and self-absorbed son . there are no real consequences to brodsky 's actions other than stella ( his wife ) finally talking divorce but it 's obvious almost as soon as the words are out of her mouth that she 'll come back to him . there is no center , no force or dynamic power in this film -- -it 's like a limp wine that you tolerate because you do n't want to hurt the feelings of your host . the ending also relies on another lazy device , the virtual deux ex machina in the person of stella suddenly transforming into a spirited accomplice/supporter of fanda 's when she sees that his attempt at self-reform is only making him miserable . this film might 've been much more effective and poignant had it spent more time dealing with fanda 's desperate fear and avoidance of dealing with old age and death , instead of focusing on how clever , audacious and adorable of an elderly madcap he is , which makes much of the film reek not only of kitsch but even worse , narcissism . one wonders if the director was just so awestruck at the chance to work with mr. brodsky , who is a towering figure among czech actors , that he decided to turn the film into a bit of a hagiography of him . a more accurate title for this movie , especially given the ludicrous ending shot as the credits roll , might be : `` the fantasy life of a poor old man . ''
unless you are seriously into coming of age movies you can skip this one . critics love this film because it conforms to the modern liberal message that you should have sex with basically anyone . the attempt to make the protagonist milos into a tragic hero as a resistance fighter fails because it is obviously unimportant addition to the main story , which is that a young man should have sex early and have sex often
get it , buy it and own it before they do.also you wo n't mind if i said this , right ? um .. i do n't think you guys should buy this album because it 's not really good.i think it would be very weird if you did anyway.i do n't wan na buy this album because it 's really comparing the songs from disneymania1,2 & 3.that 's why i give it one star .
this is day <NUM> now and im still waiting for my package ! ! ! ! ! ! amazon seems great but when something goes wrong they run like chickens ! however ..... larry bird is the man and dont ever forget that
there are two versions for this film , which is not generally known . someone selling it should . i was not informed when i bought the g rated version . the repy i received was , `` too bad .
absolutely do not buy this video . <NUM> ) the fights are not fights . they are boring and tiresome staged tapping , pushing and pulling matches . nobody wants to hurt anyone , and nobody wants to get hurt . <NUM> ) jerry springer fights are <NUM> times better than anything on this video . these girls keep their clothes on , and tussle like 4th grade girls at a sleepover . <NUM> ) modelfight.com has their name on the box and these girls are not model quality and they do n't fight . <NUM> ) the most violence these girls can conjure up is to giggle and smile into the camera and say `` you better get out my room ! * smiling * * no , you get out ! * says the other girl while pushing the other girl on the bed . complete waste of time and money . you want chick fights , look elsewhere .
bought this book to look up some very old records that my folks had . maybe <NUM> out of <NUM> is listed . this book is a piece of doodoo
this was the movie that gave us the brat pack , a staple of a certain 80s cultural set . the term brat pack was derived from an article writen by a journalist out one night with most of the men starring in st. elmo 's fire on a boozy night of partying . since then the gals in the movie as well as a few others who were n't in the movie ( anthony michael hall , for example ) suffered a bit of a ripple effect . here we will see all of them at their prime and at their peak of heart throb success on every teenage girl 's bedroom wall . out of all the dramedies of the john hughes movies , this was the one i liked the least . maybe it was the fact that all the characters were so vain and self centered . maybe it was the fact that it was all so idealized seeing all of them trying to adjust to their lives after graduating college . it was trying to be the next generation `` graduate '' movie , and i did n't relate when my time came . maybe it had to do with the fact that i have been let down by many people and did n't have that network of friends in similar situations , and the isolation i felt during that first year adjusting to the outside world having left the nest of academia . i guess i was just a little more bitter . plus , as my life was surrounded by work and little else , i did n't have all the dramas going on they did . that was kind of sad , the one scene where rob lowe goes back to his old frat house and they tell him they need someone like him to couch their team . it proves you really ca n't go home again and there are some clinging to the past . not to mention embarrassing with that one gal who has managed to hold onto her virginity for so long and in one of the attempts to releive her of it rob lowe finds those enormous granny panties . this caputed more of a time in fashion and music than it did a mindset . it 's not a bad story , but the vain and self centered antics of the main characters left me cold .
i bought this through amazon for my older daughter when it first came out . she tired of it after a year . currently , it is one of the dog 's frisbee 's
this book really is an insult . it 's `` lesson '' and `` assignments '' are horrible . they ask you to research in magazines different lighting effects that you think were used in his book . in a field where doing is truly the best learning experience this book is not worth the paper it was printed on . check it out from a library if you must but you will shortly find it is an insulting read
dont buy this cd . i dont know what all the hype is about , but boy was i fooled . the lyrics and the flow are below average , and yeah , there are some weird sounds in there , but the beats are nothing special either . i bought this , put it in my car , and within a couple songs i had to turn it off . i tried the next day , same thing . there is a lot of good underground hip-hop out there , so buy some of it instead
i came to this book wanting to believe , and leaning towards belief , but with plenty of skepticism . this book reinforced my skepticism . it is not intended as a defense of the visions , per se , but friendly non-skeptical interviews with the visionairies , and report of marian messages to the parish at medjugorge , and a smattering of anecdotes of seemingly miraculous events . the interviews with the visionairies were most unsatisfying . the questions were leading and shallow , nothing like the kind of questions i wish i could ask . even worse , the answers were stereotyped , vague , and even evasive . was this a language barrier problem ? an artifact of the interviews being condensed and edited ? an effort to avoid arguments ? perhaps . but i kept comparing in my mind these transcripts with scriptural accounts of conversations with jesus . jesus , despite all language barriers and editing , was always very direct , clear , and substantive , and never shied away from stirring up controversy . jesus also taught us to be on guard against the many false prophets who would surely come . i remain on guard
i want to respond to this book and all voices given . some said that it points out how turks eliminated greek etc . in the 15th century from asia . well , if it should get historical , people would know that turks already started to settle down in asia around 10th- to 11th century . the population was getting crowded with turks than ( old ) greeks . fights have been fought byzants against the selcuks . the byzantiniens did n't like the way asia was getting more and more full with turks . wars have been fought , byzans lost the war , ottoman empire succeeded , easy so far i hope to follow . coming to the situation at 20th century , the so called `` holocaust '' at greeks and armenians . everybody knows that britain used the greeks and armenians to get access to iraq , which didnt exist as a country at that time , because of oil which most of you should know . greeks and armenians were used so british could get more access to iraq and other nations with a lot of oil , like kuwait etc . so , greeks started to rebell and armenians , too . thousands of turks were killed in west and east-asia . the answer for ongoing slaughters on the turkish population was to relocate the armenians , at east asia , who made troubles and greeks , at west asia . but , no body could know who were the trouble makers , so it was decided that the whole population has to move away if turkey wanted to claim those lands . greeks did the same at these day greek teritory , northeast greece . northeast greece was populated mostly with turks , but they `` had '' to move because of the killing greeks did on the turkish population there , so turkish and greekish gov't decided to move their populations . greek got their populations back from west-asia , safely , and turks their own from ottoman lands ( nowadays , northeast greece ) . oh , did i forget to point out that it was `` normal '' for nations to move away populations of the 'other ' kind because of the problem , if more people of another kind live there they were able to claim it . so , even greece and other nations did this thing , it was normal to do at those times . so to point out , it is biased , this book . turks did their best in relocating the whole armenians but did n't have enough supplies , which ended in couple of thousand of deaths which is still nothing compared to the deaths of the turks . yes , it was a tragedy , but every nation has one , even the turks . the holocaust at cyprus in the 1900's-1970 's at the turkish population . the unaccounted numbers of violations against humanity against turks at bulgaria ( 19th-20th century ) , greece ( until the <NUM> 's and <NUM> 's ) , russia ( 19th-21st century ) , cyprus ( 19th century-1970 's ) , and west-china ( until these days ) . people should be more aware of history , and reading this book it was said to see how biased people are against people like my nation , people , and myself . armenians living in turkey have no troubles , i ask myself , why ? freedom of religion was always granted in turkey . even these days the greek gov't does n't allow a mosque in athen , i ask myself why ? there are orthodox-churches in turkey . hatred causes blindness ! keep an open mind and read a good book which tells the truth story . a.k
of all the books which dominated the discussion of analytic philosophy in the 90s , john mcdowell 's * mind and world * was actually the one which most nearly brought home the prize of great philosophy without naughty bits : and this most nearly in the form of an inversion of lukacs , `` reification and the consciousness of the professoriat '' . his early oxgaffes having been forgotten , mcdowell was here free to offer an `` unpolitical '' account of contemporary thought drawing heavily from classic works . but if the result is not quite robert brandom 's linguistic leninism , the reader ends up getting a story about `` who 's to be master '' that has a little too much excitement squeezed into mcdowell 's oscillating queries . much as brandom makes a hash of the relationship between formal semantics and `` inferentialism '' , mcdowell 's account of hegel 's relationship to * bildung * does not even crib gadamer 's `` historically effective consciousness '' as a corrective to his `` uncritical '' eudaemonism ( those interested in hegel 's intellectual relationship to aristotle would do well to look at alfredo ferrarin 's book instead ) -- and the excitement one is forever waiting on with respect to sellars is pressed into service for a thoroughly unserviceable treatment of hegel 's remark `` in thinking , i am free , because i am not in an other '' -- very much the product of stoic philosophy , and very much militating against the `` therapeutic '' story about non-conceptual content directly following ( with apologies rendered to peacocke for his rather more serviceable story ) . is any of this that objectionable ? no , and although mcdowell 's work was very much `` in a vogue '' for a while ( i.e. , served upon you according to his lecture specifications ) this ( as well as his essays ) is fine reading concerning stylistics with respect to thoughts of the form `` whereof we can not speak ... '' but none of it is as thoroughly `` wittgensteinian '' as presented , and if mcdowell can still coherently be accused of rendering a disservice to that philosopher this heavily syncretist work must be counted as one such . i expect this is not the case , however , and as such can not in good conscience recommend this book to interested readers : if you are in the grip of a worry , perhaps you should stay there , and if you feel differently perhaps being notified of your pseudo-problems will not help overmuch . something of a lecture-stuffer
a huge disappointment . first , there is only a documentary of <NUM> something minutes ... just talk and talk and snapshots of people and the events ... then , a <NUM> min montage , more interviews and ... where is the music ? ? aweful ..
this is a movie that got universally bad reviews . it helped knowing that going in because my expectations were very low . being a fan of angelina jolie , i was not disappointed in her performance . despite a thin plot and cheesy effects , angelina delivered her lines with class and finesse . unfortunately even her talent can not overide an overall lack of plot and unbelievable situations . the film grew tiresome very quickly . on a jungian level this film portrays a strange sterility . the first scene is lara upside down , in the middle of a training exercise set by her computer nerd flunkie and her all-purpose butler . this opening segment defined the problem for the film -- someone who is not grounded and unconscious . lara raids tombs and fights bad guys to no real purpose -- except perhaps to pit her skills against someone else . this cycle repeats endlessly , as do video games , which create a feeling of accomplishment where there is none , sterile endeavors with no learning and no personal or interpersonal gain . the individual does not develop -- just the skills . lara steals the ancient wealth of civilizations from tombs , co-opting heritage and treasure for the love of the game . this disregard for cultural artifacts except as an exercise is indicative of lack of depth and insight . in one moment in the movie , there is a clear symbol of the futility of this lifestyle -- lara puts everything aside to retrieve a memento of her dead father . but then she reverts to form . in addition there is no mention of her mother -- what happened to her and why is this not a loss ? obviously this is such a deficit it can not be referred to except obliquely by one scene where an enormous statue of a woman is destroyed , and by the total lack of other women in the film . overall a troubling nightmare of forsaken femininity
while containing a number of intersting plans for small homes , this book falls short on several accounds . first , there is almost no text save what is on the inside of the jacket . that 's right : no introduction , no methodology . there is no explanation of which competitions the plans were taken from or what awards they won . ( amusingly , i went to show my neighbor one of the plans that i liked . he said he liked it too but that it was an old plan from a competition in the early <NUM> 's . and would you believe that he happened to have a copy of the competition from which the plan was taken ! ) secondly , as to the plans themselves , dimensions are rarely marked and often unclearly . in the case of two or three of the plans this makes them nearly unintelligable . the lack of wall sections or descriptions of materials used for the majority of the plans makes it impossible to understand the particulars of what makes the houses energy effecient . in short , the book far from lives up to its description and is n't worth spending the money for a handful of plans since a person can look at plans all day long for free online .
look , zakk rocks . i 've followed his entire career , so when i say pride and glory is weak , i mean it . the southern rock twinge is actually pretty cool and zakk plays some nice solos on the softer tunes on cd . but it always goes back to the same thing for every artist -- songwriting . it 's just not good here . too many tracks sound alike and the songs are just thrown together . track <NUM> is ok. rest is mostly filler . nothing you will remember <NUM> mins . after you change the cd . sorry zakk , but it sounds like you threw this together in <NUM> drinking binge weekend . good move to kill the pride . now if you want good acoustic and blues from zakk , get book of shadows . it blows away this lame effort . pride and glory should only be purchased from the bargin bin . rock on bls
i 'll add my complaint to the others who find that bundling cold comfort farm with another movie i do n't want is stupid
not much really needs to be said but , i 'm sure you are all asking the same question as i am ... when is michael going to die ! i love the original halloween movies but come on kill him already and end this series before you screw it up anymore . the same goes for friday the 13th i mean jason x with jason ... in space ? ! jason needs to die , mike myers needs to die and freddy krueger needs to die . we love the old movies but please stop reviving them somehow just let them die
i bought this album because i am always interested in finding great new artists and music . i love sarah mclachlan , emm gryner , indigo girls , jem -- things along that line . so i thought i would love courtney jaye . but i just ca n't . i think it 's terribly simplistic , predictable and unimaginable . i like her voice , but combined with the simple lyrics , unoriginal themes and repetitive tunes , i just have to turn her off after a couple songs . i tried to be open-minded ( i even like some kelly clarkson and natalie imbruglia songs ) but i do n't hear the talent
stienstra seems to think people only go camping to go fishing -- it 's clearly the reason he goes . a campsite could be a pit , but if there 's trout nearby he gives it a high rating . he never lets you know if the water is swimmable ( i.e . above <NUM> degress ) -- something people in northern california need to know in the summertime . he also gives something a high rating if the area it is in is nice even if the campsites are horrible . i 've been disappointed many times using his book , yet there is no real competition for his book as it 's the only really comprehensive one on the market . i wish someone else would tackle ( no fishing pun intended there tom ) this subject
even if you are not a big sci-fi fan , you will still enjoy dark angel-the complete first season . besides having an impressive plot concept , the first season of the show gave us a look at some interesting personal interaction between believable characters . i liked the second season for the way it developed the story line , but the first season was better done over all . whether or not you like science fiction , you will get hours of enjoyment out of this box set of the first season of dark angel .
i thought the idea of phone booth was great , but the movie is just bad . maybe hitchcock or welles could have pulled it off , but this is just plain sad . skip it
an english teacher 's review . to my fellow educators : i have just finished spending the better part of an afternoon watching all three film versions of `` treasure island . '' i 've seen the version with charlton heston , the one with jack palance and the <NUM> disney version . it is my unpleasant duty to report that a proper film of `` treasure island '' has apparently not yet been made , as all three were so abysmally bad that i was unable to finish them . what no director has yet come close to capturing , is the relentless grandeur with which the book itself unfolds , and the simple directness of stevenson 's 19th century morality tale . without exception , all three of these films seem to flounder in a sea of confusion about what this book should actually be ; and none of them seem to have even the tiniest jot of the kind of vision displayed by classic illustrators such as wythe . again and again with each film , someone seems to have made the decision that the story exactly as told by stevenson apparently would n't be interesting enough or exciting enough for the big screen . what i really want to know is if any of these directors actually read the book , or had a personal relationship with it ? i find it hard to believe that they did , since the films all give the impression of slapdash commercialism or outright confusion about what the book actually is . jim hawkins is living quietly with his parents in a seaside inn , when the captain shows up with his sea chest and a mysterious fear of `` a seafaring man with one leg . '' the captain should be tall , mysterious , powerful and terrifying . in two of these films , he seems to be played by short wrinkled winos ; and in the third by some middle-aged guy who is apparently married to the lighting director 's sister . it only gets worse from there . the tragedy of the captain is that he is still physically vigorous and imposing at the start of the book - but stevenson is bringing a doom to him that will shatter even the english oak of his adamant constitution - the combined forces of rum , terror and stroke . the captain 's fate - to fall dead of a `` thundering apoplexy '' on the floor of the inn , forshadows the essential purpose of stevenson 's novel - to illustrate that a life of bloodthirsty avarice and short-sighted greed leads only to an ignominious death . in the guise of a boy 's adventure story , stevenson pursues this deeper moral with a terrible purpose and with great dignity and power . his pirate characters are not comic or lighthearted . they are not caricatures . they are not the wax mannequins of a disney ride ; they are real men with fears and desires and second thoughts ; even with regrets . they do not dance or traipse merrily through this story - they grimace and battle through it , gritting their teeth against the death , ( from violence , sickness , treachery or rum , ) that is always staring them in their faces . jim hawkins ' innocence and youth is the perfect foil for the pirates ' hard-bitten cynicism and gold-lust . it is no accident that , despite the courage and resourcefulness of the cabin party , ( led by captain smollett , ) it is still only jim hawkins ' youthful optimism and curious spirit that ultimately saves them from `` death at the hands of the pirates . '' stevenson is alluding to the biblical command to `` be like the little children in order to be saved . '' to tell this story properly , it must be told absolutely straight , and with the same committed earnestness with which stevenson tells it . none of these films is that brave . to make a film that is faithful to stevenson 's moral , the director will need more courage and simplicity of purpose than we find in all three of these films combined . those of us who love and understand the novel for what it is must continue to hope for a film that does it justice .
i have tested this cd several times and the results came out the same : i still could not sleep . it must work for some , based on the other reviews , but i found the melodies distracting if not annoying .
the concept of whole language when implemented in california in the 80s was a total debacle and i see that there are still books out there promoting the & quot ; whole & quot ; concept , only this time it is in math . use this book only in addition to tried and proven ways of teaching math
a typically early <NUM> 's thriller like basic instinct , fatel attractiona nd indecient praposel . this film works in soem levels and then falls in more levels . the good parts in the film is the twists and turns that will keep you on the edge of your seat . the bad stuff is the terriable acting from everyone in the film . it 's not entirelly bad and worth to see for the twist and turns but that 's it
i have just started this book and hope i do n't have to read too many graphic autopsy reports . i did n't read the surgeon but found i did n't have to as this book so far has made numerous references to it . it seems most of these stories are written by women and always have female m.e.s doing the autopsies
this book is trash written by a man with no faculty for research and no clear understanding of the subject . first define eccentric people as unconventional types who are healthy , happy and functional ( unhappy , nonfunctional types are after all neurotic- not eccentric ) . then make the astounding discovery that eccentrics are happier , healthier and more functional than the average . if this sounds like science to you then you might enjoy the book . the author fails to distinguish between eccentrics who do n't care about conformity , and those unfortunates who are grossly deluded or constitutionally incapable of conformity . the author fails to recognise cold-blooded social sarcasm as oppposed to eccentricity . as an experienced eccentric i found the book poorly thought out , self contradictory , and somewhat patronizing
what a joke . she can barely sing a note or hold a tune . hillary duff at least has some talent . do n't waste your money on this dreadfully thin hollywood has been
many of these shorts on this dvd ( as well as the other dvd 's in this series ) have been on the treasures allready so i recomend passing on these dvd 's besides all the dirt and the bad restoration you 'll see on the cartoons
i ordered this book and eventually amazon cancelled the order because it was not available . the then ask me to review it ? where is it ? rev bruce
strengths : handful of decent tracks , talent is present , cd has clean sounding guitars , vocals and bass drums , every now and then it almost gets exciting ... for a few seconds weaknesses : they do n't seem to know how to change their sound at all , almost no creativity , music is boring and not energetic at all , most tracks are long and exhausting to listen to , could have been much better than what it is i 'm surprised who p.u . is categorized with . noone else thinks they sound a tad bit akin to tool ? i could be wrong ... all i 've heard from tool in forever is their radio stuff , but this sounds alot more tool-ish to me than , oh say , taproot-ish or endo-ish . hard 'n heavy bass chords , clearly distinctive guitar rhythms and pounding bass drums , that sound just like tool . vocals have that high pitch sound thats too one keyed and too soft for me . all songs seem to run at virtually one pace .. slow . the music gets boring . i ca n't hear where they 've broken any real ground or added anything cool , catchy , or different . i 'm just not digging this disc as much as i think i should be . with a cheap boombox you 're likely to miss alot of the low end that makes the music strong and enticing . so without good speakers , the music sounds even more wimpy and even more boring than with a good surround system .
stanley kramer was a competent filmmaker who had a progressive , liberal point of view , often way before it was fashionable , on almost all social issues . it 's hard to look at some of his films today without groaning , but they are all well meaning , if often way past gooey . except for `` judgement at nuremberg '' and maybe `` inherit the wind '' , all of them seem badly dated . the worst of the lot , `` guess who 's coming to dinner '' is almost unwatchable . the screenplay by leonard rose ( which , unbelivably , won an academy award ! ) seems out of step even for the <NUM> 's . the plot is ludicrous and patronizing ; the biracial couple is so perfect one would think they landed from another planet . did mr. poitier have to be a doctor ? why not president ? there is never the slightest doubt as to what is going to happen next in this film . all of the characters are stock , the storyline totally predictable and banal . for those suffering from a.d.d. , poor spencer tracy gives a nice , long , sweet speech at the end which summarizes , verbatim , everything you 've just had to suffer through the past hour and a half . the acting , except for beah richards , is uniformly bad ( though with this story no one , not even mr. tracy , has a chance to do anything other than be cute ) .ms . houghten was pretty but talently challenged.ms . hepburn is especially dreadful in what is actually a rather small part . this was the start of the teary eyes , quivering chin ( i am not referring to her neurological disorder ! ) , `` oh , i know you all love me ! '' phase of her career . her eyes are very slanty in this film and one can see the scars of a recent face lift when she is seen in profile . her close ups are all sort of hazy ; kind of like lucille ball in `` mame '' . ms. hepburn always seemed strong and proud and unbeatable when she was younger , or at least until , `` guess who 's coming to dinner '' . athough always somewhat actressy and prone to posing , she was always smart and likable and sometimes very effective , especially in comedies . i do n't know why she chose to go down the saccharine path as she got older . it 's very sad that mr. tracy ( the most spendid and natural screen actor of his time ) had to end his distinguished career in this embarrassing pile of glop . i immediately watched `` woman of the year '' and `` adam 's rib '' after viewing `` guess who 's coming to dinner '' so i would remember how wonderful almost all of the other tracy/hepburn movies were .
`` when will it end ? ? never ! muwhahahahaha ! '' review contains spoilers * * * * * first off , up until this point , i found the series moderately entertaining ( especially the 2nd book ) . granted , in every book , there are certain aspects of jordan 's redundant writing that are very annoying . for instance , the childish , and extremely immature thoughts and actions of the female characters . realistically , in a time period like that , if a woman acted as arrogant and sexist as they do in this book series , they would get a good `` thumping '' and be forced to learn from their mistakes ( as would anyone really ) . instead , the men grovel like slaves around the women . it 's very annoying and infinitely un-realistic . even in fantasy , there are certain rules one must follow pertaining to the characteristics of the human race . hardly anyone in this series of books makes a rational , practical decision . there is hardly any logic here , and when someone who is supposedly `` wise '' speaks up , its merely common sense that hopefully everyone in real life should , and probably does know . most of the so-called `` intellectual '' sayings in this book bassically translate to somthing a <NUM> year-old kid would know . human characteristics aside , jordan has a great attention to detail when it comes to scenery ( clothing , geography , battle fields etc ... ) hardly anything is left out . i suppose this is good , if one really wants to leave the real world and become part of the reality that jordan has created . but here we are ... at the 5th book . i hate to say it , but not enough happened in the time-line to justify <NUM> long books . sometimes , it is hard to tell just how much time has passed from one point to another . jordan has virtually no sense of time at all in these books . this can either be as an excuse for such a long series , or its just basically poor writing . i 'm a little undecided on that . this book is full of the usual aspects that the previous <NUM> had : <NUM> . most of the men ca n't think for themselves ( however there are a number of characters that i do like allot . uno , julian , matt , asmodean , lan , thom , loial ( who is n't even in this one .. go figure ) what happened to elays ? ? uhg .. <NUM> . the female characters whine and complain like my <NUM> year old daughter <NUM> . rand 's increase in the one power , is directly proportional to how much of a complete idiot he is turning into . it all started when he absolutely refused to believe he was the dragon reborn ( end of book <NUM> i believe ) . it takes him a number of books to finally stop being so damn immature and finally step up , and take action . this is the ultimate annoying aspect in this series . rand attains the 'sword that can not be touched ' . a weapon that can level cities ... what does he do ? shoves it into the floor at the stone of tear , and scampers off into the woods for another adventure . wow .. smart huh ? <NUM> . the forsaken are scheming as usual . it 's a mystery to me that they were picked by the dark one . powerful as they may be , they 're mostly stupid , too paranoid , and un-trustworthy of one another . it would make more sense to create a truce and simply eliminate rand . they could . everyone knows they could . but they do n't ... frustration level ever increasing ... this series seems to remind me of a poorly written play with too many characters to have on stage at any given time . jordan seems to shove various ones on for certain amounts of time , then shove them off , with hardly a word of goodbye . something that i must point out is the way jordan decides to kill off , or deal with the `` evil '' characters . this whole re-incarnation nonsense is spoiling the importance , and fear of death . i believe it is wrong to kill off so many `` evil '' characters at one time . characters that have potential are eliminated . and yes ... asmodean . here comes my biggest gripe of all .. i rather liked asmodean , his character was interesting , and it was rather refreshing to have someone cross over from the `` evil '' side , to `` good '' side ( even if it was un-willingly ) . he does provide a lot of insight for rand . if i was a forsaken , i would defiantly cross over to rand 's side , it only makes sense . but ... instead of keeping asmodean alive and allowing him to help rand with his great struggle ... he 's killed off at the end of the book . right there , jordan drops a huge amount of story potential , and trades it for the same , un-inventive , one-sided drivel that the rest of this book contains . then rand goes on to kill rhavin . another interesting character wasted . lanfear has also been killed ( as far as we know ) . again , another interesting character wasted . i could care less about moraine . after the first book , her character is basically rendered useless , and is completely unneeded . all in all , jordan has a tendency to do away with the interesting characters ( hurin , ingtar , elays etc .. ) and keep the boring , immature ones . ( nynaeve , egwene , elayne , aviendha etc ... ) the series is simply too long , and i 'm positive it has over <NUM> pages of material that needs to be discarded . if lord of chaos is as bad as this one , i 'm burning my collection and sending the remains to jordan 's house . so , to those who are in the midst of this series like i am , i say to you ; 'welcome back my friends , to the show that never ends ' .
ok , i guess after 30+ years of generally spectacular music diamonds , everyone is entitled to plunk down a lump of coal . that 's just what this cd is .. a dull clunky lump of coal . i 've been listening to bonnie for most of those 30+ years . i still have streetlights and home plate on vinyl . for the past many years , i did n't even listen to her new music before purchasing . i just bought em ! there were always bound to be a couple `` popular '' hits and more than a couple undiscovered diamonds on in the tracks . not so for this cd . i will not be broken is acceptable ... the rest of the tracks sound almost off key and in some places , even out of tune with herself . bonnie is still one of my all time favorite singers - but i wish i would have saved my $ $ and not blindly purchased this one .
should be titled 'art of selling products , making hundreds by manipulating prospects ' . excellent for brokers or insurance agents looking for a quick fix in getting appointments or products sales , but the buzz will wear off . a big disappointment for fee-based planners or advisors looking to expand their client base . it deals more with manipulating prospects over the phone than with practical face-to-face financial services sale
the notion of drive states is interesting . the description of the particular states is not altogether convincing . basic criticism : not much development/content for a book
this review is pretty funny you have to admit ..... `` this band has the most retarded lyrics i 've ever heard - `` sometimes the sun goes down , sometimes it goes back up , i 'm wondering which one you are watching now . '' huh ? ? forget about the singer 's gross melodramatic voice or the band 's boring decision to steal riffs from the strokes - just check out those lyrics ! ! the sun does n't 'sometimes ' go up and down , it always goes up and down - always - you morons . `` i 'm wondering which one you are watching now . '' which one ? excuse me , last time i checked , we have only one sun , not two . whatever . maybe these hipsters should 've spent more time in school and less time working on their hair . their first record was trying to sound like weezer and now they 're trying to sound like hot hot heat . how lame is that ? and why are these guys trying so hard to look like the strokes ? they even have that token dude with the caucasion 'fro . i was suckered into seeing these guys at spaceland last month and overheard the singer `` pep-talking '' his band . so embarassing . `` okay , guys , have fun tonight but make it look natural . you never know who might be in the audience . and do n't forget , those fat girls in the front row bought some merch so pretend to be nice to them and we 'll make fun of them later . '' cool guys . ''
i watched all the miss marple 's as my mother & amp ; i are big fans of agatha christie 's many books . i watched the series when it ran years ago , and was looking forward with great anticiption to the dvd 's . i must say this is the worst job of transferring a beautifully produced television series to dvd . there were so many artifacts from cramming everything onto single disks that they are in many cases , completely unviewable . i would recommend renting this set from netflix or somewhere before purchasing them . this is such a major disappointment . i loved the series and waited with great anticipation for their release , only to discover they 're unwatchable
after reading `` why do men have nipples '' and loving it , i had high hopes for book number two . i really enjoyed all the chapters in book <NUM> , excluding the dialogue between the authors . i found it boring and irrelevant to the book itself . i skipped those sections . the chapter topics were written humorously but gave factual information . very fun and interesting ! this book , was boring . the chapter topics are not nearly as interesting as the first book 's . once again there is the annoying dialogue ( which i skipped ) . there was virtually no humor in this book . i felt like the authors scraped the barrel to come up with topics this time around . i was very disappointed in this book . i read it in a couple hours . zzzzz . guess these authors are good for just one time
the show rocks , the soundtrack sucks . i did n't recognize any of the songs from the show , that alone tells you how memorable this soundtrack is . dismal and dissapointing :
this is one of the most disappointing knitting books i 've ever purchased . i expected patterns that would highlight the beauty of ribbon yarns but all i got were a bunch of basic patterns for purses , halter tops , square cushions , etc . author assumes that her reader does not know how to knit ; at least a quarter of the pages in the book are how-tos that apply to any kind of yarn
i have listened to ( and enjoyed ) many books on cd in the past few years . this reader is among the worst that i 've had the displeasure of hearing . the content of this book is great , so do n't get me wrong . however , the reader makes it impossible to experience the book the way it was intended . he pronounces many character names incorrectly , including carpathia and adbullah . his character voices range from unconvincing to downright abrasive and/or annoying ( especially carpathia 's ) . his voice inflection is often very wrong when reading dialogue . he also adds pauses in the middle of sentences without any obvious reason . these are just the most obvious and annoying problems . there are too many to list completely here , so please trust me and avoid listening to this book
i do n't know . i loved ec and i loved country ... i even went to see him on the tour afterwards ... what a waste of my precious time back then ... and of my money . this is self-indulgent and badls played ... i do not understand the point really . buy some real country instead ... george jones , johnny cash , anything instead ..
i went to the same school as the author of this book , and so it was used for my introductory cmos design class . the book has a lot of great material , but it was rather confusing to me as a beginner . now that i 'm a more seasoned designer , i can look back on this book as an excellent reference , but i still find the explanations somewhat confusing . it 's clear that the author is a foremost expert on the subject , but he just has some trouble relaying the fundamentals to the novice designer
i just picked up the guitar again -- i played guitar briefly , and very badly , years ago -- and was hoping for a quick refresher course and a little more . this book , alas , is just terrible . the organization is illogical and confusing , important topics are given very short shrift while unimportant stuff fills page after page . most of the book could charitably be called filler . the book is terrible as a reference book as well ; useful stuff like scales and chord diagrams are scattered about the book , and many of the diagrams are hard to make sense of . ( he does n't even explain the correct tuning for the guitar until page <NUM> , in a section on how to play slide guitar -- i had to look it up on the internet . ) i chucked the cd into the trash . for scales , i found `` the ultimate scale book '' to be about a zillion times better .
i think the book is very flippant and uninformative . if you are looking for hard facts , skip this one . i 'd like to return it for a refund and i 'd be embarrased to pass it on
i was disappointed with this book . it includes profiles of <NUM> architectural firms . seven of those profiles were of firms that have done one-off architect-designed homes made largely of pre-existing materials ( usually shipping containers ) . that is not my definition of a prefab house . to me , a prefab house is one that i can order to be built on my lot . of the eight firms that offer prefab houses , for three of them only computer-generated images were presented ( not photos of real houses ) . that leaves only five firms offering prefab houses ready for market . of those , one builds <NUM> houses per year in finland . another is in australia . two offer only really small homes ( generally intended as second homes ) . the book does include ( small ) design plans and many photos for most of the houses . however , the fact that very few of those homes are available for me to purchase makes the book almost useless . [ ...
as a well-educated rock music , especially emo-punk , person , i was sickened every time i tried to listen to this cd all the way through.why ? it 's definitely one of the less-than-great emo albums ever ( not completely horrible , though ) and the fact that this band is led by a singer who should n't be bragging about his `` musical genius '' when he should first realize how disgusting his voice sounds compared to most other emo singers , is n't sweetening the deal.when i bought this album , it had a sticker on it that read : '' if you like taking back sunday , brand new and the used , you 'll love matchbook romance ! `` i should have known how desperate they were when i read that.but more disturbing is the fact that they dared compared themselves to taking back sunday ? tbs is actually an emo band that does n't sound recicled.and brand new ? have they heard deja entendu ? that album is not only the best emo album , but definitely one of the best albums of all time-in any genre
i have read and reviewed many children 's books in my <NUM> years as an elementary school librarian , and have found none with more glaringly inaccurate and unclear writing : washington is the evergreen state , not the `` chinook state '' , mt.st . helens did not have `` lava '' flows as the text says it did , the section about the state says that the chinook winds are a `` pair of winds '' and does not explain what they are , they are warm winds that sometimes flow from east to west bringing warm air west . as a native of washington , i began , and ended , reading in the section on our state . after reading the section i did not bother to check to see if the other states information was as inaccurate and poorly written , as i knew that i certainly would not want this book in any library nor in the hands of any children , dispite the vissual appeal .
i like shinya tsukamoto . he 's a great director ( tokyo fist ) , a talented actor ( ichi the killer ) and an imaginative writer ( tetsuo ) , but i did n't care for a snake of june . it starts out alright with a repressed wife being blackmailed to act out her own sexual fantasies - example : walking around in public in a miniskirt with an active sex toy inside her . that part was interesting , but then it starts going on about her lame husband and i lost interest quick . nowhere near sexy enough or surreal enough to recommend
sure there are other movies that have butchered their source material beyond recognition , but it 's not even the butchering that 's the problem . the problem comes when the director hits all the marks and completely misses the point of the book . jan de bont decided to take the atmospheric haunting of hill house and turn it into a carnival ride and give an easy explanation to the haunting . depalma went and decided to tone down the racism in bonfire of the vanities . but those weird decisions to miss the point pale in comparison to shlessinger 's choice of turning a vicious novel into sentimental slop . from the opening sequence with the tinkling piano music to the ending with faye sighing at tod 's stupid rose , this movie sets out to jerk tears and make the viewer feel bad . even if there was n't a great book to be killing , this would be a terrible movie . but with day of the locust as a source material , the awfulness of this movie borders on the criminal . one imagines the book done right by a quentin tarantino or a todd solondz . where the book is fast , the movie is slow . tod hackett is supposed to be a fat cynical observer but shlessinger decided to cast an anonymous pretty boy in his role . the casting choice is decidedly better with donald sutherland as homer simpson , but sutherland is emoting way too much pain for the humor to come through . every time you see him you want to kill yourself and his abuse at the hands of faye goes on forever . the riot scene that ends the movie becomes a night of the living dead ripoff and the whole thing just drags on . furthermore , the key sequence of the book ( tod imitating the police sirens ) gets lost and tod just cries and gnashes his teeth or something . this is a terrible movie . the original book deserves much better
gun in hand , formula of flesh and bury me were <NUM> excellent songs but the rest of the tracks on the album just sounded like filler . not really my kind of stuff i guess
this is not one of the better entries to this series . after successfully balancing an intriguing mystery with an important wedding in `` rituals of the season '' it is disappointing to have this story be such a mismash . in this book , readers are finally introduced to dwight 's ex-wife and his son , cal , but there is no development of either as characters . this is such a strong point to maron 's writing -- evocative descriptions of people and places -- that it disconcerting to put down this book and not feel like i have just been on a trip to north carolina ( or virginia . ) the characters are flat and unlikeable , the `` mystery ( s ) '' are odd and the plot just is n't there . still , any margaret maron/deborah knot mystery is better than none , and the actions in this story will have an impact on deborah and dwight 's future , but do n't read this expecting a thrilling or clever mystery ; read it as a segue to the next book in the series
for those of you who do n't know , this ranks in the top <NUM> as one of the greatest selling albums of all time . right up there with abbey road and dark side of the moon ! there 's a reason for this . first let 's all learn a new word today : commercialism webster 's dictionary states that commercialism is the practice of exchanging or selling products between different individuals where each individual is trying to gain something they did n't have before at the expense of losing something they already had . this does work one ways sometimes . for example : in britany spears ' case record consumers lose their money to spears and spears does n't give anything back in exchange . or maybe she does ? she gives us images of her body which make inperfect looking girls feel like garbage . she gives us paper from the linear notes which we could use to jot down notes on or use as napkins . she gives us talentless images and sounds which make us thankful we have talents and vaules which she clearly lacks . so why is this such a great selling album . because people are willing to buy the album and , as a result , get those great things i mentioned in the previous paragraph . and there is a reason why those things are great . where would we be today without spears ' casual sex preferences encouraging young girls to have all the sex they want and thus come down with aids and god knows what else . where would we be without spears ' mtv videos encouraging us to sit around at home watching them while gaining weight from lack of exercise and eating doritos . all the while she stays fit because of her personal trainers and chefs that she got with our money . and where would we be with out an idol to kiss the feet of and sacrafice animals to . see , with out those great things we would be stuck in a world where people feel good about themselves , are highly motivated , and realise that you do n't have to look perfect to be a good person . thank god we live in this world where everbody is unequal and there is a sharp divide between the rich and beautiful and those who are n't . i do n't think are favorite , lovable idol , britney spears ' , would be able to survive in the formerly mentioned world . ...... if you believed anything in that second paragraph then this album is for you ! as i said before i 'm not forcing you to not buy this album , i am just giving reasons why i think its a poor product and is not recommended unless you really like commercialized bubblegum .
and the micros are psychologically too much like people . but it does raise a number of interesting points , and it 's a fun read . and i wanted to give it <NUM> stars , but amazon is insisting on two
i 've been focusing on some prizewinning books as of late , and i thought this would be a necessary prelude to reading ford 's pulitzer prize winnning `` independence day '' . ford has insights into what suburban life is and the desire for comfort and mystery in protagonist frank 's life . frank 's struggle to wrestle with the loss of his son and his marriage presents an opportunity to peer inside his mind and see what makes it tick . what you think of this book will depend on what you think of frank as a narrator . his desire to evade deeper meaning and personal responsibility was maddening to me at times ; others will find this a profound truth in the book . i also found him to be longwinded and i had a hard time rooting for and identifying with him as a character . slogged through this book and at the end , i do n't think it was worth it for me . <NUM> star
i bought cd because at the time , i was a huge utada hikaru fan . her voice is shrill most of the time , but one can overlook that . however , after a time , her songs became boring . her lyrics are boring too , and the average jpop artist can write them . ayumi hamasaki is much , much , much , much better than utada . if you want the real jpop queen , go for ayu . if you want a shrill-voiced artist that 's bland and boring , go for utada
grisham 's worst book by far . <NUM> % of the story is preaching to the reader that homeless people just have bad luck and are good guys . it would be ok if that was woven into a good story , but it is not . for great grisham read the firm and the partner . for very good , read runaway jury and pelican brief . all of these are page turners . street lawyer is a stomache turner . really bad . what happened
i was extremely disappointed by this album . it just did n't grab me at all like fallen did . it has no outstanding tracks or anything much memorable . i guess nightwish has spoiled me . before , evanescence was about the only female-fronted band i cared to listen to . now that i have discovered nightwish , evanescence just seems useless . sorry , but i just do n't care for it
i was dissapointed when i listened to this cd . all i wanted was the original version of the perfect drug . this cd only has the remixes . so if you 're buying this cd for the original version , you should just as well buy the soundtrack for the lost highway instead
one of the many things i love about `` rosemary 's baby '' is the magically timeless quality of the story . yes , it takes place in <NUM> , but it could conceivably be anywhere , anytime , even perhaps right in your very own home . aside from the brilliant story telling , i think that magical quality is one of the key reasons why the story remains popular . it also goes without saying that the novel and film are both satanic masterpieces , filled with little nuances and gems that continue to reveal themselves with each reading / viewing . an informed eye sees much . however , this novel almost felt like a christian fanatic 's response to the original story . i do n't know of the authors religous affiliations or lack thereof , but one gets the feeling that he ( like many others ) is trying to compensate for their diabolical work . if you have any appreciation or love for `` rosemary 's baby '' , i offer you this advice . accept rosemary smiling smugly as she rocks her baby in the midst of the coven as the ending of the story . no sequeal was needed . of course , you will read it . i did myself in one evening , even as i told myself how much i would regret it later .
two problems . first problem . let 's say you 're the typical kidnapper-rapist-killer . for fun and out of postmodern boredom , you kidnap two girls off the street in new york city . what are the odds that your randomly-chosen getaway and killing spot is going to be exactly where one of the girls lives , <NUM> or <NUM> miles away ? one in ten million ? twenty million ? second problem . the movie , even with a run time of an otherwise-short <NUM> minutes , does n't have enough action or development to fill the void . in short , it 's boring , and in several scenes where craven seems more interested in the bucolic wechester county scenery than moving the plot along , i found myself reaching for the fast-forward
it really looks like it was done on a shoe string budget . the football scenes are lame . sean 's maher 's brian piccolo was not well done ... and not beleivable . get the original ... it is worth i
any western boasting the likes of randolph scott , ernest borgnine , and lee marvin should be an all-time great , but stranger wore a gun proves that his films with budd boetticher were far superior to most of his films , and makes you wonder what scott 's boetticher films would have been like if he 'd had such great co-stars as he did in this film . scott plays a former confederate spy who joins with an old war colleague to stage a gold robbery in arizona . scott changes his mind , and tries to stop the robbery . george macready , playing the bad guy , is his usual despicable self , and marvin and borgnine are solid as usual as two of macready 's gang . one of the problems with this film is that it was filmed for 3d , which is obnoxious and distracting , as objects and people point toward the screen for an effect which is no longer viable . the dialogue is also not as cleverly pointed as it was in scott 's better films . stranger wore a gun is not a bad film , but not in scott 's top five best westerns , and possibly not even his top ten
i was excited when this movie showed up in the mail and immediately put it in my dvd player and sat down to watch . it did n't take long for me to realize it was a cheaply made film . the story was interesting and had it been done in a better way , the film could have been great but after having seen movies such as trick and latter days where the acting and production quality were very good , i found myself feeling dissapointed after only a few moments . it is not a movie i would readily recommend
big fan of nas , but this moive 's a bit over the top and have some good messages that suffer because of it . visually flashy , vacant plot , and messages are reduced to sermonizing . skip this and watch juice instead
`` a long way out in the deep blue sea there lived a fish . not just an ordinary fish , but the most beautiful fish in the entire ocean . '' this is a book i have some trouble with . it is beautifully illustrated , and the glittery silver scales make it very appealing to children . however , i am not entirely sure it is sending the right message . i like to give the author the benefit of the doubt that he meant well , that the overall message is that vanity and posessions will not make you happy . but ultimately the solution to the rainbow fish 's problems give unclear messages , and can possibly be interpretated that to make friends you need to buy them . other interpretations have been covered comprehensively in other reviews and include possible biass towards communist values and a want for sameness
i own several real wheels movies and thought i would give this one a shot . i found the picture quality to be less than i expected and the footage seemed out of date . the narration was dull and boring , and the children 's voices screaming the number of the truck to be annoying . i would recommend any of the real wheels series instead of this - they never fail to please my <NUM> 1/2 year old truck lover
if you are expecting tons of pictures of different brochure design , you will love this book . i was expecting a & quot ; how to & quot ; book brochure design
trash ... trash ... trash .. the worst recording he has ever done .. it would have been better if he recorded it with the uganda symphony orchester . i wasted my money on this piecs of junk . and if possoble i 'd like you to send this review directly to him
robert a. heinleins novel `` starship troopers '' still creates controversy , generations after it was first published . indeed , the well-known movie `` starship troopers '' was actually a veiled criticism of the book ! is heinlein 's book racist or fascist ? is it a cold war allegory ? is it anti-democratic and militarist ? how does this novel square with heinlein 's reputation for being a libertarian and near-hippie ? these questions are still being hotly debated . `` starship troopers '' describe a future society in which only people who have served in the military enjoy full citizenship rights . only honorably discharged soldiers have the right to vote and run for office . strangely enough , the non-citizens enjoy freedom of speech , freedom of worship and the right to start businesses . heinlein 's future society thus looks like modern america , but with a marine corps-like military caste superimposed on top . in the novel , humanity wages a never-ending war against several races of intelligent space aliens , including the collectivist arachnids , who resemble spiders . many people take the arachnids to be a symbol for communism in general or red china in particular . imperial japan is another possibility . heinlein 's novel attempts to solve that ancient question : how can a society make sure that the best people serve in office ? this question is particularly acute in democracies , where anyone can stand for office , and everyone can vote . heinlein 's solution is to limit the franchise to those who have served in the military . in this way , only the best are selected for the job . and those willing to put their lives on the line must be the best . but does that really solve the problem ? a military is not necessarily a good administrator or politician . the best in times of peace might be different from the best in times of war . heinlein 's system only works if a total and never-ending war is raging . indeed , the war against the arachnids certainly seem to be such . but if so , it 's naive to expect freedom of speech or extensive rights for non-citizens . the system would become a military dictatorship pure and simple , like in the movie `` starship troopers '' . the soldiers in the novel are probably inspired by the philosopher-kings and guardians of plato 's `` republic '' . after rigorous military training , the officers are given courses in moral philosophy , history and politics . but there are also similiarities with ancient athenian democracy . every citizen of ancient athens was expected to serve in the army or navy . there was a connection between rights and duties . but note that many non-citizens in athens were slaves ! ultimately , `` starship troopers '' is unconvincing , even naive . you simply can not give political power to the military , no matter how the military is recruited , and expect everything else to stay the same .
i just finished reading this book , complaining the whole way how i did not like it . i should have put it down , but i thought it had to get better at some point . there was too much sex ( graphic sometimes ) and no substance . while you were gone by sue miller was better
this past august , i had bought the soundtrack to pete townsend 's <NUM> musical the iron man , which was also based on ted hughes 's <NUM> novel , and was impressed not only with mr. townsend 's artistry , but also with the wisdom of the message that its songs conveyed as individual selections on an entire album that was just plain fun to listen to . naturally , i thus came to thinking that maybe this motion picture , which was released a whole decade after that particular cd , would likely appeal to my imagination in the same way the musical would have , had i only the opportunity to see the latter presentation myself . unfortunately , i found out how wrong i was when i rented this rightfully less-than-appreciated flick last weekend and forced myself to sit through it . now , i 'll admit , the animation was definitely something worthy of applause ; that 's the one thing i 'll give the iron giant credit for . however , that 's as far as my praise for this movie goes . i 'll also admit that it did n't follow the exact same lines as either the book or the musical , but then again , i was expecting that to be the case . rather , it was the overall tone of the film that earned my enmity . to begin with , though i am well aware that many animated features and other family-themed features contain the occasional sight gag or adult-themed joke , tig seemed to be heavily punctuated with them , from beatnik scrap-sculptor dean mcchoppin unzipping his fly to let young hogarth hughes 's `` pet '' squirrel escape his pants to the `` bathroom '' scene where hogarth tries to cover for the robot 's hand as it exits the hughes 's home -- the latter scene of which has at least two instances of what one could easily call `` toilet-bowl humor . '' not only that , but i found the protagonist himself to be just the most obnoxious and repulsive example of a lead character i have ever come to know : a loud , unruly , disobedient brat reminiscent of all four of young charlie bucket 's tourmates from willie wonka and the chocolate factory who tries to pass himself off as having more depth than he really has . honestly , he 's not what i would call `` amiable , '' `` heart-warming , '' or even `` cute '' ; such adjectives i 'd rather reserve for the wide-eyed , honest , poverty-stricken mr. bucket . of course , it 's not like i really appreciated any of the other human characters in this flick , either -- not little mr. hughes 's ridiculously clueless diner waitress mother annie , nor the deadbeat wannabe `` artist '' dean , nor even the inept government agent whose name i have completely ( yet thankfully ) forgotten despite his being the most complex earthling participant in the entire cartoon . as such , only the hundred-foot-tall , metal-munching robot -- a softhearted and self-maintaining ( if nonetheless hopelessly brain-damaged ) extraterrestrial being who has no memory at all of his origin -- impressed me . even so , the movie portrayed the poor guy as being so incredibly dimwitted ( as opposed to being haplessly misguided and a tad naive , which i was hoping he 'd come off as being ) in an effort to make him likeable to the kids in the audience that i ended up pitying him more than anything else . needless to say , then , as much as i tried to grapple with each and every one of these elements as they presented themselves , i merely found it harder and harder to get over and accept them all as a collective whole , and i ended up returning this movie to the video store in utter disgust . believe me , ladies and gentlemen , i really tried to appreciate the iron giant , but despite my efforts in trying to see the side of the story that its fans see in it , all was for naught , and now i am left asking myself as to just why i even bothered to rent it in the first place . after all , it has been known to be one of a number of very unpopular motion pictures from <NUM> , and with good reason : it caters to a very low level of mentality , even amongst the underdeveloped minds of the kids for whom it was made . tragically , so do many other movies these days , regardless of how successful or unsuccessful they are -- a current , seven-plus-year-long fad that honestly disturbs me and gets me wondering about the sensibility of the average person these days . worse yet is how a movie as plagued with such lowbrow buffoonery as this one would have a `` special edition '' on dvd five years after its initial release -- especially considering how allegedly few people have actually seen it . oh , well ... i still wish i could 've seen pete townsend 's iron man musical . at least that would have been something worth witnessing
i 'm not surprised that many of the reviewers here gave the books such high marks . their reviews , much like the book , are littered with misspellings and other inaccuracies . perhaps we can blame this on the evil conservative right-wing establishment known as our education system .... oh , wait .... it 's largely liberal ? holy cow . oh , sorry , a religious reference . shame on me
robert g. allen is a notorious and relentless internet spammer . if you should happen to somehow end up on one of his email lists like i did , he will send you several junk emails a day . unsubscribing does n't work , and trying to block the sender 's domain is useless because the emails are sent from a different domain every time . the funny part is that the emails are n't even coded properly . they always show up as just a bunch of html code . would you really take internet money-making advice from a guy who ca n't even code html properly ? anyway , his spamming practices are completely illegal and it 's only a matter of time before the law catches up with him . but that should n't come as any surprise considering that mister allen has been in trouble with the law before . he 's had several run-ins with the irs , lawsuits against him , and a chapter <NUM> bankruptcy . i would also stay away from his nothing down real estate methods . many of those practices are illegal , and the president of the nothing down club in atlanta wound up in federal prison because of it . for more info on allen , visit johntreed dottcomm , click on real estate investing , then click real estate guru ratings . bottom line , do n't trust this guy and do n't buy his books . and if you 're reading this mr. allen , take me off your @ % # & * $ mailing list ! !
me and my partner are both real open minded people who enjoy a huge range of films . and we do really like the thin red line . but this was a real boring piece of film making ..... the whole film was just one huge poetry reading and i prefer to read poetry from a book ..... it just does n't goe anywhere and we found the love scenes even worse than those directed by george lucas.even the battle scenes were just poetry readings .......... watch thin red line instead if you are interested in this director 's work ... that film is a masterpiece .... this is n't
boring and like most every other new horror movie . lame mask , i think the awful movie cut used this mask also , who cares i suppose . this goes with all the other pathetic new era horror movies ( scream , i know what you did , valentine , urban legend , cut etc .. ) so bottom line do n't waste your time , stick with <NUM> 's slashers
i 'm not the biggest fan of springsteen , but i have liked a lot of what he 's done in the past . i wasted my money on this one . it sounds like uninspired mumbling . not much musical or vocal variation at all among the songs . nothing stands out . no experimentation . there might be some good story lines in the songs , but i usually ca n't understand him anyway . i liked two songs , but not enough to get the album out and turn it on . i never desire to play it after a few listenings . so beware , unless your a huge fan and want all his music , this one may let you down .
i felt it was very scientific and difficult reading . i was n't able to get past <NUM> minutes with this book although i am sure by the title it has great information in it . i do n't feel it 's for the average person more medical / scentific minds . truthfully , i feel my money was wasted and wish i would of took the time to return it .
`` the wild '' is under the `` walt disney pictures '' banner , and even rated g , so i expected it to be a picture for the whole family , of which the studio is proud . i hoped it would put me in the disney mood prior to our family trip to walt disney world . disappointed am i . it 's mediocre and has just about nothing in common with the walt disney legacy . to be sure , it is not unusually offensive ( the way the usually superb ron howard offended me with his witless and crude destruction of `` dr. seuss 's how the grinch stole christmas '' ) . it is just irritating and amateurish in its writing and direction . for those of you who know something about animation , has no one informed the director `` spaz '' ( his self-chosen moniker ) or any of the animators the concept of the `` hold '' ? a `` hold '' in animation is when the movement stops for a moment to emphasize an expression or an attitude or a gesture . it is priceless when used well ( and gives the animator a few frames worth of a break , besides ) . perhaps the all time masters of the hold in animation are chuck jones ( think of wile e. coyote and the road runner ) , tex avery , and bob clampett during the golden age of warner brothers cartoons . `` the wild '' has a total of zero holds . everyone and everything is moving twenty-four times every second from movie 's beginning to end . who can watch that ? my eyes just could n't take it . the attitudes and gestures were all there . they were just there ten times more often than any human mind could process . but that could be forgiven if the story was clever , conveyed a meaningful theme and was told with clarity , drama , and humor . instead of clarity , every sentence of dialogue was written to sound ironic or sarcastic or `` funny '' or `` witty , '' never actually achieving real humor or wit . it 's hard to know what any character really wants if they never express themselves clearly and simply . ( i suppose once in a while they did , but that was the exception . ) there is no attempt to make the squirrel 's romantic crush remotely believable , and the father-son theme is trite as can be . finally , there is so much slapstick violence ( characters get hurt a lot ) that i almost question the g rating . it 's a valid rating but the film is definitely too full of scares ( like the far superior `` the incredibles '' ) for anyone under age <NUM> . ( this is not new in the disney tradition , as `` snow white '' , `` bambi '' , `` sleeping beauty '' and maybe `` peter pan '' are also too intense for the very young ) . there is no less artistry required to make a kid 's comedy animation than any adult movie . in fact , more awareness of one 's all-ages audience is required to make it entertaining and meaningful rather than irritating , boring or traumatizing . the theme of `` the wild '' , trite as it is , has potential value but it 's ineffectively communicated . i think `` spaz '' and his crew believed they had a film so full of roll-on-the-floor belly-laughs it would excuse the flimsiness of the story . unfortunately they were mistaken . this was not a pixar movie if you did n't figure that out yet . the good news is , pixar is back in business with disney and we can look forward to their consistently superior material , which has already started with `` cars ''
the lack of liam neeson and raimi 's directing is what ruined this movie for me . while mr. vasloo is superb in his taking on the burden of the liam created character and mr. drake always has appeal , the movie as a whole needed a much better script . it was too predicatble , too phoney . on the bonus side , they did manage to keep the hapahazard and crazy comments darkman makes during chases and fight scenes in tact , so that was a plus
i used to listen the dream theater `` back in the day '' so i thought i 'd check them out . i ca n't believe how bad this cd is . am i glad i did n't pay full price for this . what a boring , pretentious pice of crap
do n't believe the hype . this movie sucks . nothing happened . the ghost of a boy and a lady showed up every now and then , then the movie ended . i 'm not one to usually complain about or laugh at cheap effects . i actually think that the so called low buget 1980s movies look a lot more realistic than todays cgi . but i just had to laugh at the sound that the ghosts made . i imediately reconized it as a sound i used to make with my mouth all the time as a wee lad
this review refers to the audio-book . i 'm a huge james lee burke fan , but i found the reading of this book to be unbearable . i have listened to mark hammer read before and have enjoyed his renditions of other authors like elmore leonard , but here he just sounds tired , sloppy and unconvincing as a cajun reader . his performance is unidimensional and lacks any variety . when he attempts to mimic a southern accent it sounds like someone from detroit imitating gomer pyle . towards the end of the reading , it sounded like he needed to clear his throat . if you want to hear a stellar reading , try another james lee burke work `` purple cane road '' read by will patton .
glad i just recorded this from tv , because boredom set in fairly quickly and then i just fast forwarded , and saw the ending . it 's now erased . life is too short to sit through junk like this
from a lifelong lover of l & h films , zero stars , unless negative numbers are an option . these films are lousy through and through , and no degree of print quality or extras or low price or anything else could make me want them . they are painful to watch and about as humorous as henry daniell playing doctor moriarty . in deference to the two funniest men who ever lived , these atrocities should be burned along with the rest of the 1940s garbage forced upon stan and ollie after roach sold their contracts . if you really like laurel and hardy , do yourself a favor and get the 21-disc l & h set from amazon.uk . it contains all their shorts ( sound and silent ) and some of the early movies . it also contains the foreign language versions , in which l & h and most of the other actors actually speak their lines in spanish , french , etc . further , it includes different versions of certain titles . for `` bonnie scotland '' and `` fra diavolo , '' get the separate 2-disc set in ntsc . you 'll have to purchase a region-free , pal converting dvd player , but they are widely available in the united states and will play anything . ( do n't buy a cheap one -- the good ones are hardly expensive .
this guy sounds worse than brian johnson does now . why ca n't people my age stop copying the past ? be original . that 's it . this style is well worn out .
how come the songs sounded better in the movie . some of the best songs from the movie were left out of this soundtrac
those franchise boys ( name edited for proper grammar reasons ) are just another reason why rap is basically nothing more but flogging a dead horse nowadays . this is simply nothing but mindless drivel . it 's basically a scam for more cash , like the majority of rap nowadays . this has no value , no meaning , nothing . just a bunch of n * gg * rs rapping about the most ridiculous stuff to date . buy anything except for this
this book tells you nothing about collections that you have n't already seen in the movies & with your mental sterotypes . it borders on criminality ... i recommend it to convicts & gangsters
=== quote pay no attention to the negative criticisms by those who are obviously moonies . this is should be required reading . nansook hong had the courage to endure and to finally escape the clutches of this dangerous cult led by the korean flake who thinks he 's god . === end funny , so people should not listen to the story of those who are still within the um , why is this ? also rev . moon himself does n't claim to be god , this is always said by others , rev.moon stresses the point without god he would be nothing ...
look this album is old as i dont know what , this album wasnt even finished , they started on it like in early <NUM> , as far as tha production it will always be tight from paul and juicy-j , this was like an underground album , not like a world wide realease , thats why some will say its not that tight as production wise , it wasnt even through , thats why they put some of there old stuff on there with pastor troy and boo thats stuff is old , have u noticed that paul and others where just on hooks , some where supposed to be on there but paul took there verses off , because t-rock left over money and mic time , the album wasnt done , so there for they threw old songs on there cause he left , which was stupid because he would of gotten paid , so he left and now he aint getting nothing from this album , all that money is going to paul and juicy , t-rock is dumb , look tha unbreakables is gon na set tha world on fire its gon na be there hottest album to date watch , with boo gone u know they gon na have alot of superstars on there i would tell u but i got to go , if u dont believe me wait and see holl
i saw this movie about <NUM> years ago when it was on cinemax . i fell asleep while watching it then . i bought the dvd as part of the controversial classics set , and was looking forward to seeing the parts i missed . this time , i fell asleep twice watching it ; it took a total of three nights to see it all . i found it just as talky and heavy-handed as i did when i saw it back in college . further , i did n't pick up on any chemistry between the leads , and found james coburn 's character loud and annoying . finally , the great mgm hairstylist sidney guillaroff was way off the mark on this one . almost all of the women had mid-60 's hairdo 's that were distracting , particularly miss andrews , whose distracting poofie 'do often changed from shot to shot within the same scene . i get it ; war is bad . nevertheless , this film did little for me . it did , however , look very nice ; the dvd transfer was well done
since the end of the cold war and the virtual eradication of the two other great political ideologies of the twentieth century , namely communism and fascism , the victory of capitalism has earned it the right to proceed unmolested and , to a very great degree , unquestioned in its dissemination to every point on the globe . this , as samir amin author of the liberal virus aptly points out , could be dangerous . capitalism is a system that has always been based on the darwinian principal of survival of the fittest and as such `` can produce nothing other than an intensification of the inequalities between people . '' true . so true . and anybody who takes the time to actually study adam smith 's , the wealth of nations , will see that the twin engines supposed to drive a capitalist economy are greed and competition , with very little regard for the actual well being of humans . this should come as no surprise , as a quick look around at the current champions of capitalist enterprise in america like insurance , energy and telecommunications will readily reveal . any thinking person must agree that it is at least worthwhile to keep a cautious eye on the current trajectory of unfettered capitalism , and inquiring into its possible dangers is undoubtedly healthy . in fact , what 's needed is a measured evaluation of capitalism as it exists today , both good and bad , with the kind of unflinching exploration into its darker implications provided by samir amin here . but in the current american political climate where knee-jerk conservatism hold sways and the petty ranting of narrow-minded demagogues is counted as reasoned political discourse , this is no time to inject an analysis of capitalism with anti-americanism and hand-wringing over the demise of socialism . a book like this advances the issue with only the most restrained and open-minded readers and , for the rest , drags the debate back into the muck of cold war hysterics . not only does amin reveal himself as a whiney , vindictive socialist who would love nothing more than to see america brought to its knees , but he is an obtuse and turgid writer of the kind only academia can produce . there were sentences in this book i had to read three times before i could figure out what he was saying , and his annoying habit of loading his sentences with digressive clauses , parenthetical clarifications and coined words , had me grateful that this book was only <NUM> pages long - i have read <NUM> page books that took me less time to get a handle on . all in all , the liberal virus explores some issues much in need of inquiry but does so in a way that is so off-putting that it can not gain much traction among american readers , no matter what their stripe , and can only serve to hinder the debate . what we need is a book about capitalism that can open minds , not scare them closed or befuddle them with the liberal self-indulgence of its author .
someone pointed out in another review that the songs are presented in the original mono versions . more than that , i also have the chartbusters ( <NUM> cds ) mowtown compilation and in addition some old vinyl recordings , and i have noticed that the actual _mixes_ are not even the same as the original recordings . for instance , on stevie wonder 's `` for once in my life '' and glady knight and the pips ' `` i heard it through the grapevine '' there are parts that are just plain missing . i 'm very disappointed , as my favorite songs do not sound at all as i remember them . update : i listened again . i think i might have been mistaken when i said that parts were just plain missing . i think it 's just that the mono versions actually bury things that come across more clearly in the stereo versions . it just a shame that the original record company could n't have done a better job in light of the advent of the cd
i do n't know whether it 's amazon or all retailers that have this problem , right now , but hof freezes at the 13:58 mark . do n't purchase it for a year or so . let retailers get in a fresh , undamaged shipment , and then try again
i saw the full version in the usa in the theater under the title queimada within the last year , and it was fantastic . that 's the version i want , and region <NUM> customers should at least have that option .
you can read all about the book just from what is included in the jacket . unbelievable potrayal of a women cast off a ship by her husband . all she wants to know is did he love her when he married her ? why did he do it ? i mean give me a break ! i would not lay low and try to make him go insane . i would go to the police . i read books from beginning to end to give them a chance . this was a waste of my time
i had purchased this workbook intending to use it to help study for the pmp exam . although the workbook does contain over <NUM> pages of sample questions that might be helpful in studying for the exam , it does not include answers to any of the questions . therefore , there is no way to verify that you 've answered the questions correctly , which made the workbook of very little value to me . i decided to return it to amazon unused
nothing new here . i like reading the ridiculous reviews of these cds where people gush all over the screens over how much they love patton . this cd is dull . suffering from patton overexposure . maybe he should actually spend some time and make an awesome album ( like secret chiefs <NUM> - book of horizons ) rather than dozens of merely adequate ones
this is n't as bad as the garbage tracks morrison did to get out of his bang recording contract ( nothing like & quot ; ringworm & quot ; in this collection ) , but this is not even a mediocre van release . i like most of his releases , even common one , inarticulate speech , and beautiful vision . here , van just seems commited to getting the & quot ; product & quot ; out on time . down the road was much stronger , and days like this
this movie seemed to vacillate between funny ha ha office bullsh * t and then really freaky stuff that made me cringe and want to retch . i do n't like that ; going back and forth and not knowing what they `` want '' from me . and i really did n't 'get ' the ending . i did n't buy the romance . the only thing i enjoyed about this whole movie was kevin spacey ; that 's it . just skip through the rest of the crap
with much anticipation we awaited the arrival of clay 's second album , thinking this one would make the career of one of our favorite singers ... and instead we fear that it is likely to end his career . while clay 's voice still sounds great , the cd is an entire collection of uninspired , underproduced remakes ... not one of which goes beyond the original . as you can see , this cd is nowhere on the billboard charts , and we 're very sad to say in our household , that it 's for good reason . save your money and buy one of the much better idol cds ... and almost any of them are , most recently kelly pickler and carrie underwood .
this is only the second anne tyler book i 've read and i 'm not impressed . the book was depressing . i had hope as the book progressed that the main character would & quot ; triumph & quot ; over her circumstances but instead she subsumed her own dreams for her husband 's wants and needs . anne tyler implies that this is a noble sacrifice but i thought it was weak . she should have left her loser husband
couple good renditions but pretty poor sonics and a number of forgettable tunes . their studio album `` it 's a beautiful day '' remains the one to own
if a movie is going to be really bad , it should have some camp value added in : i.e . real humor of some kind , some excitement and unexpected events , and some good hammy dialog . this groaner has almost none of these things , at least to my understanding . i did watch this two times over the years , once in the theatre , and another buying this tape for <NUM> cents . i really do like most science fiction films i 've seen in the last <NUM> years , including many critical failures and campy low budget and high budget films . so i am qualified to submit an opinion . lost is space does have some entertainment value for kids . it is just ok , if you can turn down your iq rather drastically and lower expectations also . i was able to do both a little the second time , and enjoyed it somewhat . in the theatre , i ended up walking out before the ending . this is the only time i have done this because of a movie . ( one other time i did because of an audience laughing at some torture scenes , but that is another story . ) both times i saw this , the first part really seems like it is supposed to be a video game , and there is some expectation or question of when is the movie going to start ? the problem is , it never does . saying the story has not much revelance has become a cliche for movie reviewers who do n't have enough to support their arguments , but in this case it is very true . nearly every twist and turn of this story ( there are a lot for such a bad movie ) , causes the story to worsen . so by the end , when the story has no ending , one really does n't care at all . knowing that a needed sequel never got made gives one a feeling of justice in the universe
this book was a huge disappointment . not only was n't it funny to me , it has absolutely nothing funny for kids . too bad its not worth the return shipping charges . i threw it out
frances mayes , author of under the tuscan sun , did not set out to write a typical travel book with a year in the world . she wanted to forgo the usual hotel stays and the trekking from one tourist hotspot to the next , and instead aimed to discover , `` could i feel at home here ? what is home to those around me ? '' renting ( mostly luxurious ) homes in such places as fez , turkey , italy , greece , portugal and britain , mayes and her husband set about attempting to truly feel at home in these various locations . while this premise sounds interesting enough , mayes struggles to convey her experiences to her audience . her writing seems at times not to wander far from notebook sketches , yet at other moments is full of self-important prose and metaphors so tired i want to pick them up and carry them . and all throughout , she peppers long - and quite unnecessary - quotes from the various books she is reading along with recipes , and descriptions of gardens that go into far too much detail . the result seems disjointed and too clever , and renders the book very difficult to read . a year in the world does have some fine moments , such as mayes ' evocative descriptions of local food that reveal her delight at discovering new taste sensations . but mostly i found myself wanting more - such as when she prefers to conjure up imaginative images of historical scenes rather than inform the reader of the often fascinating true history - or i found myself wanting less , as many inclusions in the book seem superfluous . the impression i ended with was not of what it meant to be ` at home ' in the countries mayes and her husband visited , but of what is was to have a series of obviously expensive holidays that centered around food , gardens , and literature
this so called director should be sued . as a <NUM> something who loved the original every friday night from season <NUM> through <NUM> ( before coy and vance ) ..... coy and vance look like gods compared to the cast of blasphemous characters to a classic and timeless show . first off .... why was burt reynolds and not danny de vito casted as boss hogg ? why not chevy chase instead of an overweight villain known for playing a violent middleaged nut in `` breakdown '' and `` conair '' ... ( mc gainey ) ... mc ... you are a very good actor in your niche ... just not turning james best 's character upside down . i refused to see this in theaters and rented in ( regrettably ) even after hearing the derogatory reviews with an open mind.i can write a book about character mistakes and ruining the `` originals '' .... but i 'll end it by saying the following to quote `` you took the name of a classic to sucker fans and boost ticket sales for what would have been a straight to video bomb if it was not titled `` dukes of hazzard . ''
the sacd recording of derek and the domino 's layla is a disappointment to say the least . i have recently begun listening to several sacd and dvd-audio recordings and this sound mix offers nothing new to the previous recordings . this is one of rock 's best offerings and the sound on this sacd offers no improvement to the mix of eric clapton and duane allman 's guitar work . a major letdown .
life is too short to be spent reading drivel . stuart woods was really off the mark with this book . you should n't rest on your laurels mr. woods , your audience deserves better . i 've enjoyed your past books very much , but this one left a lot to be desired . i was very put off by stone barrington 's bed-hopping activities in this story . with arrington ( mother of his son ) one night , then with holly the next , i do n't recall him being quite that indescriminate in other books . the plot was relly silly and contrived , it must have been that the publisher was pressing for a story , never mind quality . do n't waste your money on this one
looking at the liner photos makes clear that falkner is the prettiest thing this side of n sync ( and does n't he know it , especially in the shot of him being served what appears to be a large dose of johnnie walker black by a leggy bunny flight attendant ) . which raises the question : is this the recond a boy band member would turn out if he got the idea he was an artist ? not to put too fine an edge on it , let 's say bluntly that this is a vanity project by a middling talent . falkner does everything on the cd and my reaction is so what ? his voice is mediocre ; his lyrics are banal ( & quot ; life can be just like a painting full of wonderful strangeness & quot ; ) or precious ( & quot ; suspended on this stage of grace i have to remember this sound & quot ; ) ; the layers of sound he tracks down are just that -- layers of sound , with a disspiriting sameness song after song . give him two stars simply because he can do all the stuff on the record , but this guy needs to become a whole lot less full of himself and to spend a year or two listening to , say , chrissie hynde and john hiatt cds . we 'll let him come back then and try to write and play some adult love songs
unlike volume <NUM> , which was great ( if incomplete ) , volume <NUM> always left me shaking my head . while it has serpentine fire ( which should have been on volume <NUM> ) and a few other hits , most of this album is filler ( fantasy again ? ) . what 's my point ? my point is that for a couple of bucks more you can get all of the original volume <NUM> , the good stuff off of volume <NUM> ( minus the filler ) , and get it all on one disc ( ewf 's greatest hits ) . i 'm just here to help you do the right thing
barber 's analysis ignores important facts in order to prove his thesis about how the primary battle in the world being between the free market and religious fundamentalism . it works , somewhat , but fails to take into account numerous instances where this tension is called into question . not every zealot in the world is an enemy of technology , as the war in iraq has shown us .
the things that most struck me was the book was more `` attacking '' than setting up positive models . i found the language to be quite inflammatory and harsh . this made it very unpleasant to read . for a much better book on house-churches , try `` houses that change the world '' by wolfgang simson
they call it brainless fun , but it 's not even fun . yes , `` stealth '' is that not-rare-enough bad movie that 's actually so bad , it 's no fun . it starts out bad from the beginning - with an on-screen title sequence dating this film `` in the near future '' , which should trip alarms for anybody whose ever watched an episode of `` mystery science theater <NUM> '' . the heroes of our story - three pilots assigned to fly hyper-tech us fighters called `` talons '' - are reluctantly joined by a fourth pilot , a robotic fighter jet called edi . trouble starts immediately when edi develops an acute case of self-awareness and faster than you can say `` i 'm sorry dave , i really ca n't do that '' , edi is ignoring orders and raising all sorts of havoc . it 's hard to get more specific without ruining the plot ... because there really is n't any plot . the story we see on the screen hints at several different plot-ideas that never form into a single story - we have the plot about stopping `` crazy edi '' ; the plot about the evil admiral played by sam shepard who will do anything he can to keep the lid on edi when he goes bad ; we have jessica biel as a fighter pilot running from the bad guys after she 's shutdown over north korea ; then we have josh lucas as the other talon pilot whose on the run from some goons who are trying to ... oh , who cares ? none of these plots go anywhere . but what about them effex ? ? `` stealth '' offers us hours of aerial dogfighting in unsurpassed cgi - unsurpassed because the movie demonstrates that there are some things that simply ca n't be left to computer animation . even though they 're next generation aircraft , the f/a-37 talon fighters never convincingly look like any airplanes , and the aerial effects here look little more believable than those done over <NUM> years ago in `` firefox '' or `` deal of the century '' , or nowadays on any flight simulator game run on any desktop-pc . the effects compound the error by maximizing use of `` impossible shots '' - shots that could n't be seen by a human perspective , such as those that cut across the sky and directly inside the subject aircraft - it 's a clever shot , but not a terrible smart one ( they never stop reminding us that these are effects ) . it 's probably too much effort to explain that even elite fighter pilots do n't want to be confused by a flight panel that suddenly starts broadcasting real-time images of a bunch of terrorists sitting down as if for a cnn foto-op , or that none of the pilots come off as even casual aviators . `` stealth '' is one of those mindless movies that effete snobbish reviewers like to blame on teenage boys , but this flick lost a ton of money ( stealthy profits ) which is only strong proof that the monster audience of mindless boys is itself a delusion of these frustrated critics and studio execs , or even stronger proof that those mindless teenage boys may be smarter than anybody realizes
i do n't really like video collections . live music is so much more interesting . the only exception i can think of to that rule is the video collection by tom petty , because he put out the most imaginative and well produced videos . i 'd much rather see shania actually singing and relating to an audience than lipping it to these recorded songs . the only songs on this vid that are live are the last two , and one of them is the boring rock this country , one of her weakest songs , a sort of takeoff on donnie and marie 's i 'm a little bit country , a little bit rock and roll . it 's mostly all glitz and glitter . it 's mostly just seeing the latest outfit and makeup shania is wearing . that is superficial . let 's have a real person instead . i do n't care about the outfits and the makeup . seeing her pretend to sing just does n't cut it . i 've heard these exact versions of the songs plenty of times . come on over is a fantastic album . she looks great , particularly in her hawaiian look during the romantic you 've got a way . i love that song and i love her hawaiian look . it 's all so romantic . i 'm not wild about her look when she 's wearing slacks or sweat pants . it makes the bottom half of her look so ordinary and boring . she looks so much better in something feminine . sporty spice is not a turn on and is not romantic . if you want to turn it up a notch in your music videos , pick up somebody 's live performance . it 's a whole different feeling . granted , some of them are n't the greatest , but when they are good , they are a lot better than this . you actually see a real person on stage . not just barbi doll in her newest outfit and makeup
i wanted to see this film in theaters . i am a cronen fan . i admit . i was n't really a huge fan on viggo mortensen . i never read the book , but somehow i was drawn to this film , indirectly . so , i wait for the dvd . which is n't such a bad dvd as it is a film . firstly , there are no surprises . any surprises this movie could possibly have in store for us was revealed in either the trailer , the dvd cover , or the dvd ad . viggo 's performance as a whole , was n't too shabby . ed harris was obviously the one man shining through this dark and boring movie . so in this small , secluded town tom stall aka 'joey , turns out to save some lives and becomes a hero . although , it turns out tom stall was n't much of a hero as he was a villain . that 's about it . the movie drags it ending around like a dogs rear on the carpet . the sex scenes felt out of place more than anything . i could n't stress that enough . i 'm going to be blunt . they are too random . they are in bad taste . they are uncomfortable . they are very much disliked by me , personally . and finally , the ending . the ending was probably the most empty finish i 've ever witnessed . tom stall goes after his brother , takes care of him , drives back , and sits down for a nice meal with the family . three words . fade to black . i give this movie <NUM> out of <NUM> stars . for two reasons . some of the action scenes were interesting , and ed harris . i would not recommend this film
content of the movie aside , has no one noticed the cover of the dvd ? ? ? the american flag is backwards ! ! ! the field of blue is always on the left if the flag is hanging vertical . i 'm glad that disney did n't get to build its american history theme park in northern virginia back in the <NUM> 's . if they ca n't get a simple dvd cover right , just imagine what could have happened
paparazzi ( paul abascal , <NUM> ) paparazzi is best known for being icon production 's first released film after the mighty ( and mightily money-making ) majesty that was the passion of the christ . the icon connection , however , is where any similarity between the two films comes to an abrupt and jarring end . where passion pushed all sorts of envelopes for mainstream american film , paparazzi is simple and formulaic , never rearing its ugly head from the morass of revenge fantasy in which it finds itself bogged . bo laramie ( pitch black 's cole hauser , looking and acting more and more like his dad by the day ) has gone overnight from nobody to superstar thanks to his film adrenaline force . subsequently , he 's packed up his family and moved to the suburbs of la to be closer to the set for his new picture ( predictably , adrenaline force <NUM> ) . along with the closeness of the commute , however , comes the mobs of paparazzi . laramie runs afoul of photojournalist rex harper ( the always-slimy tom sizemore ) , who convinces three of his friends to help him put laramie in his place . in doing so , however , they inadvertently cause an accident that lands both laramie 's wife ( the craft temptress robin tunney ) and son ( jurassic park iii 's blake michael bryan ) in the hospital . cue revenge-fantasy music here . the film is watchable , as one would normally expect from this sort of action film . the roles are acted capably enough , though two-dimensionally ; it 's almost as if hauser , who 's made his living mostly playing guys like rex harper , only knows how to play the hero as a square-jawed tarzan type . that 's not surprising in an action flick , though , and can be forgiven most times ( look at predator <NUM> ) . where the film becomes moronic to the point of offensive , though , is in the accident scene itself , which is so obviously ripped off from tales of princess diana 's death as to be insulting to the intelligence of the average viewer . *
wow ... this book was boring and confusing . i got it for my international finance class and it is just really hard to follow . it was a waste of money
this is certainly the worst of it . at least lil jon has good beats and stuff . this has none of that , and it is just annoying . support better artists
i owned the original vhs version ... i quickly gave it to a friend of mine , free of charge . eric johnson may be considered a guitar great ( i do n't get it ) , but he has the personailty of a shoelace and it is aptly demonstrated in this instructional video . some people just are n't good teachers , no matter how great a guitarist they are . as an added bonus , his guitar is drenched in reverb throught the entire video , even during specific examples & demos ! say what ? finally , the length of the video was way too long ( or at least it felt that way . it took repeated viewings for me to get therough from start to finish ) . throw in a mind-numbing finale/lecture about patch cables , cable length , pick gauge , strings , theories on physics and you get eric johnson : total electric guitar - agonizing to watch & absolutely god-awful . stick w/ brian setzer ( the rockabilly instructional bible ) , james burton ( hello ..... elvis ' guitarist ! ) , yngwie j . ( the only instructional video you need for precision shredding ) , danny gatton ( <NUM> & <NUM> : encyclopidias of all styles ) or b.b . king : bluesmaster ( extremely in-depth analysis/demos of b.b . 's style by b.b . ) instructional videos/dvds . even if it 's not your style , these are highly informative , educational & entertaining . i highly recommend these
i have not heard kerplunk , but probably out of dookie , insomniac , nimrod , warning , and american idiot , this is the only one i would truly label as bad ( nimrod was better , but not great either ) . the sound is very forced . green day admitted that they tried to make it darker sounding to lash out at fans who criticized them as sellouts . it also was trying a little too hard to preserve the `` i 'm still punk '' notion which fortunately green day gave up years later . i have known for a long time that billie joe was never the best guitar player , ( except the guitar playing is pretty good now ) and brain stew 's refrain that is supposed to sound like a ticking clock is very bad . it sounded even worse in the live album , bullet in the bible . geek stink breath is really the only other song on this album i liked . however , its too short and the guitar playing way too simple . in general , unless you are a major green day fan , there really is n't much you 're missing in this album .
straight from the streets wasn ` t what i expected . if you ask me this isn ` t even a documentary about hip hop , more a documentary on black people . on this dvd you have a lot of black people talkin how they shouldn ` t fight amongst each other , how they should unite and stuff like that . besides the interviews with ice t and the low rider show this dvd has nothing to offer . it is not a hip hop documentary , if you want a hip hop documentary on dvd , buy rhyme & amp ; reason
one good song on the entire album - south side with gwen stefani . rest of the songs have some sort of rap guy and not much if any moby . waste of mone
i realize that by writing this review i 'll probably have a fatwa issued against me by the comic book fan community , but this graphic novel was a major disappointment . i came to it because i liked the movie so much . i found it to be misogynistic and tedious to read ( entire paragraphs of text repeated , as if the writer could n't think of enough to fill out his story ) . the artwork was ugly . the plot lines were sometimes hard to swallow , characters ' motivations not believable . it was the spark of a great idea that the movie producer ( s ) turned into something excellent
thirteen year olds can be easily impressed by cheap tricks , `` heartfelt '' lyrics , and a lot of pretty lights . so it goes with some reviewers of this movie . this movie contains the unending internal reflections of about <NUM> or <NUM> different characters . these reflections never really go anywhere , never draw substantive conclusions . primarily , there is just a lot of whining . the only exception is the sean penn character until the end , when he whines at least as much as everybody else . `` war is tough '' is one of the main themes of this movie . is that really a revelation ? one thing you learn early on in acting or directing classes is to `` play opposites , '' meaning put contrasting things in juxtaposition so that the contrast highlights both sides . an example is when a very evil character such as richard iii uses humor . `` i 'll have her - but not for long . '' the fact that the guy is joking about killing his new bride makes him all the more evil to us . at the same time , perhaps we ca n't avoid laughing in spite of ourselves . ok , so this director had some of the same classes i did , but he has to use the technique over and over and over and over and over and ... until it starts seeming boring and banal . war scene , lots of dying . oh look , a pretty butterfly ! more blood and bullets . oh gee , the light going through that leaf is beautiful ! use this trick once or twice and maybe it seems new to the uninitiated audience . use it more than three times and you are asking for trouble . this director must use it 10-15 times . he turns it into a cliche . when the audience can predict when they are about to see the next opposite , you have overdone it . so what do we have so far ? a bunch of whining character crying about war being bad and a bunch of contrast scenes . and really , that 's pretty much it . the movie could have been cut in half with no loss because if there is one thing this movie is , it is redundant . it is spoon-feeding you the same message over and over and over again . ouch , war hurts ! ew , mutilated bodies are yucky . oh gosh , a little bird got hurt ! ! ! we are so nasty ! we must stop this war ! ! ! ( never mind the fact that thousands of little birds get eaten alive by cats every day ) the director focuses on the yucky and inconvenient aspects of war - which i suppose would be briliant , except i think almost everybody on the planet already knows that wars are yucky and inconvenient . it 's almost as if the author does n't believe we know , that he somehow thinks we missed it . and if only he reminds us at every possible repetitive opportunity , again and again and again , well , then maybe we will `` get it '' and start opposing wars , i guess . never mind about hitler and the <NUM> million jews . never mind about pearl harbor . war is a yucky thing done by bad men , or nice whimpy men trapped in a situation by bad men . it has no meaning and there is nothing remotely noble about it . we were just wasting our time fighting the nazis . the nazis were just misunderstood ! if they want to cook <NUM> million jews in the ovens , let them do it . an adult movie deals with realties and poses questions like , `` how do i get myself to do something that i do n't want to do , but that i know i should ? '' making yourself do things that are not pleasant is one of the hallmarks of reaching adulthood . this movie takes a very adolescent perspective and asks , `` if i whine enough , can i get out of my chores ? '' the dumbest scene in this movie is when the jim caveziel character is surrounded by japanese and for no reason whatsoever , will not surrender . he stands there in the middle of about <NUM> japanese soldiers and decides ( after looking at some pretty leaves and butterlies ) to raise his weapon so they will shoot him . the funny thing is , it 's completely unnecessary : his comrades have already been warned . his death accomplishes nothing but relief for the audience - he can no longer utter his inane internal monologues . i think if you are a left-winger or have a thing for looking at the bodies of naked boys , you will love this movie . it 's the kind of propaganda piece that a vacant , unquestioning mind will eat up . if your leanings are more adult , however , you may hate it . you 'll wonder why the story is so one-sided , why nobody seems to believe in the causes they are fighting for , even though the japanese did attack us , and the germans did some naughty things too . none of that seems to matter to the storyteller . `` why ca n't we all get along ? '' he cries , as the germans load another group of jews into the ovens and turn up the heat ... a final note : if you want to see two really good war movies that make valid criticisms of the `` war spirit '' and how wars are conducted , see `` gallipoli '' and/or `` breaker morant . '' these movies are extremely effective in making their points without using cartoonish characters . the characters are real and the plots move the story foreward . `` the thin red line '' is what i would call `` professed brilliance . '' a couple of simple tricks are used to try to impress the audience . but there is no real meat here . it 's just a bunch of pointless whining . the poetry is poorly written and pretentious . and the characters are not real .
ok , the original is a classic and is what ... <NUM> ... <NUM> minutes long ? jackson stretches it out to <NUM> hours and adds very little to the story . the native were scary . the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions , they actually made him into a character ... something that ca n't be said for any of the human characters . the insect scenes are ridiculous ! ! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic . anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie . now jackson is adding <NUM> munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ? ! ? peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next <NUM> <NUM> hour long epics
i thought this book was terrible . i do n't understand why people think this author is so amazing ( unless they have really low iq 's ) . yes the subject matter was interesting but the delivery was very poor . i showed it to a friend of mine and she said , `` she writes like she learned to write from watching tv . '' the novel is all dialogue and very little description , which does n't equal up to an interesting read for me . there was little suspense , i was not sympathetic to the main character , and the attempt at romance was a joke . you want some real suspense in a mystery revolving around the legal system ? go read grisham
item very slow to ship , still is n't here yet.somebody is going to be disappointed with a late christmas gift
first off , i found this movie finely played and edited . but i was truly shocked at lester 's pro-castro ideology . we 're en <NUM> for christ sakes ! ca n't we have some true historical facts ? did n't you hear about the trials , the political prisoners , the crowds of people trying to escape the totalitarian regime ? no , the bad guys here are batista people , potrayed like mere pigs . i 'm glad this movie did n't catch people 's attention , it 's nothing but propaganda . and like a previous reviewer said , it must be castro 's perefered movie , well done lester , accomplice of the castro 's killings
i saw draco on a tv show and i liked the song he played so i read some reviews looking for a cd and i ended up ordering vagabundo . i did not like any of the songs from that cd . his lirics and music are not that great
maybe it 's because i grew up listening to the andrews sisters , but i really had a hard time enjoying this disc . this is the second compilation of boswell sisters i 've tried , and again , they just do n't do it for me . this disc sounded like the andrews sisters before they found their magical blend and the tunes themselves were n't very good either . it 's not the boswell sisters fault , it 's just that the great song writers ( of the late thirties and early forties ) were just around the corner . in my opinion , it seemed that <NUM> % of the andrews songs were good , i felt that only a few on this disc were truly good . the arrangements were solid , but so were the vic schoen arrangements for the andrews sisters . sure , if there were no boswell sisters then there would probably be no andrews sisters , but i recommend the very best of the andrews sisters ( <NUM> greatest hits ) [ import ] first .
i do n't want to pinpoint any one of the releases in the anthology series because they 're all guilty of just being thrown together with alternate takes , television outtakes , inferior rough recordings and false starts . the unrleleased material ( that which has been bootlegged for years ) , however , is what brings us out of the overbearing potpourri . i have always been a fan of the unreleased early material including the decca record audition tracks . in fact , the first side of a1 could have done without the spoken word breaks and got down to some rock and roll , but if they only started from track <NUM> ( `` my bonnie '' ) and stopped at `` lend me your comb '' only to tack on `` leave my kitten alone '' and leave it at that . but that 's just one example of how this should have been executed for release . the other two anthologies are worthy of scrutiny as well . this is yet another disappointment for me such as was with rubber soul when i first bought it on cd . the fact that the beatles were going to give a good portion of their unreleased material the light of day got me excited until the day the anthologies were released . i give two stars particularly for the two new john lennon songs that were beatle-ized for this 6-disc compilation though
i picked up this o'conner book because every once in awhile i hear about her being `` the definitive voice of the south '' or `` very disturbing '' - i like disturbing and since i 'm not overly familiar with the south , the definitive voice of it seems a good place to start . but i just could n't do it . i read maybe <NUM> stories before i had to put it down for good . i found the characterizations sophomoric and , well -- i suspect the overt , unsubtle , judgemental observations constantly being offered were snide parody , read in this day of self-consciousness they read like pandering to the lowest common denominator . timely , maybe . timeless , it 's not
the movie silent night deadly night was not a suprise as i thought it would be ... the silent night part <NUM> was a crab ! while i was wathing it i thought i was watching part <NUM> again . the first fifty minutes of the movie was a revision of part <NUM> . dont bother to buy it .. at least not the part <NUM> ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i am a rosicrucian and this book is not about rosicrucians or their doctrines . as far as i can make out this is from one of those `` wantabes '' . i found it to be totally useless . if you are truely interested in mystical knowledge , the school still exists and is very welcoming to seekers . ( google amorc ) if you are only seeking a book try the wisdom of the mystic masters by joseph j weed . this book gives a true overview of rc . the focus in on practical self development that can be used right here on the earth plane for your evolution . its a wonderful life , if you have the right atttiude and are willing to change !
after all the reviews i read , this has to be one of the 'disappointing ' albums i have picked up in the recent past . the music is dated , the lyrics are poor and the overall direction seems pointless . where is eric taking his music ? i have no idea . drop it . there 's tons of better talent out there
totally overrated . felt compelled to write a review because everyone else proclaims this release is perfection and the mix of the year . disc one is strong and on for the first <NUM> tracks and then becomes totally monotinous and dull until the closing track which is superb . disc two does n't move me at all except for its classic intro with orbital . if you are looking for good stuff for your crate seek out the aforementioned on <NUM> '' and do n't waste your time buying this .
do n't bother with this unfunny , predictable , boring , pedestrian , fingerpainted drivel . the piggy stole the show
short version : a half dozen scientists and engineers are working in the arctic , attempting to use explosives to create a huge iceberg that can floated to someplace in dire need of fresh water . they become marooned and only have a few hours before the explosives they 've planted go off and kill them . however , a russian sub may be able to save them . koontz had the right idea when he originally released this book under a pseudonym , because it 's a stinker . the set-up building to the scientists being stranded and the deadline imposed by the explosives is unbelievable . suffice it to say that a natural disaster hundreds of miles away just happens to target the exact location of where the scientists are working . additionally , they 've planted explosives in the ice that are on timers and ca n't be switched off . besides suffering from incompetence , the characters have unbelievably bad luck ( beyond being targeted for destruction by mother nature , that is ) : -one is highly phobic , terrified of ( you guessed it ) : ice & snow ( because of an accident that killed her parents ) ! -another 's family was murdered in china -another 's had close relatives assasinated while in office and is disillusioned by politics ( a thinly disguised jfk jr ? ) -another lost his son to cancer -another 's psychotic if that 's not bad enough , the main characters are a husband and wife team who run the project . she had a relationship with another scientist that ended badly before getting married to the current guy . so who does her husband pick to spend months on ice with ? why the ex-boyfriend of course ! because he was the best at what he did ( excuse me , would n't second best have made more sense ? ) if you do n't mind really bad dialog and trite situations , give this book a try . if you want a really intense adventure/thriller try wilbur smith 's `` hungry as the sea '' or anything by nelson demille
larry arnhart is a serious , perceptive ethical philosopher whose works deserve praise ( and to be read ) , but this book is a failure . the arguments are weak and will certainly fail to convince most `` conservatives '' to embrace darwinian evolutionary theory . evolutionary biology is scientifically correct , which is the main reason it must be accepted by anyone , whatever their political philosophy ( arnhart does not stress this ) . however , darwinian biology can be either used or ignored in making political arguments , so i will rephrase the issue as : are there good arguments flowing from evolutionary biology for conservative political philosophy ? we must note that at least in the usa , there are two quite different branches of conservativism , one espousing religious fundamentalism and the other classical economic liberalism . they have almost nothing in common intellectually and are simply politically linked by historical events . arnhart does not stress this point . arnhart 's arguments directed towards religious conservatism can be summarized as : ( a ) evolutionary biology is compatible with belief in god ; ( b ) evolutionary biology recognizes and reinforces the notion that religious belief is a universal element of human nature ; and ( c ) a strong adherence to family values is part of human nature . i agree with these statements , but arnhart never addresses the burning issues , which include abortion , homosexuality , gay marriage , and state-religion separation . he does deal with intelligent design , which he rejects as a scientific theory . this is in part why i call his book `` disingenuous : '' he simply avoids the hard topics . turning to classical liberalism , arnhart says that darwinian evolution supports a burkean political philosophy . i think this is a plausible argument , although arnhart avoids all the hard questions by choosing as the alternative political philosophy an absurd caricature of the leftist alternative that is more or less 19th century utopianism . societies grow organically , arnhart says , and can not be socially engineered using the principles of reason alone . of course this is correct , but this is accepted by all relevant political philosophers today ( except peter singer and his bizarre ilk ) . what about the proper extent of government , the treatment of poverty , the environment , and foreign relations ? nothing here . i am not a conservative , and i do n't think much of conservative political philosophy , but if i were , i would not be moved by arnhart 's arguments ( i am also not a liberal , by the way , and in fact i think the liberal/conservative dichotomy is a sick joke , but that 's a topic for another day ... )
i 'm a conservative blogger who loves to laugh at liberal celebrities , but there 's not much meat here . hirsen 's book feels pretty slapdash and disjointed ; the writing is nothing special , and the stories have been told with more flair elsewhere . i wanted to like it ... it 's just not very good
like many of the other reviewers , i found this book frought with recipe mistakes ( or are they just sloppily written ? ) . however , many of the recipes , with adaptation , become quite nice .... the problem being that you must have enough cooking knowledge to know how to adapt recipes . what 's great about this book , though , is the plethora of information about food itself , mini-articles about things like mushrooms , green tea and how to grow your own herbs make for some great and informative reading . interesting and a great idea , but very poorly executed . a good and thorough revision would make this book wonderful , but this edition is just not that great
well , i gave this cd its first spin after a two year absence of any ricky martin music in my life . after his <NUM> self-title cd , i pretty much went head over heals for ricky . when this cd came out in november of <NUM> i was really excited . upon first listening to it , i thought it was better than his <NUM> cd but no where near as good as vuelve . it would take <NUM> 's almas del silencio to really wash way the bad taste in my mouth that this cd leaves . as several folks know , ricky was under pressure from his managers , producers and the record company to deliver a follow up to his <NUM> cd . sound loaded is what we got . this album was obviously rushed and it sounds like it . weak lyrics and over saturation of musical gimicks is utilzed to keep the 'livin la vida loca ' fever burning . ricky 's voice just sounds tired and worn out . it 's easy to tell that he was way over due for a vacation . there are a few standout tracks on the disc . 'amor ' by far out shines every song by a mile . had sound loaded had more great tunes like 'amor ' on it , the cd would have been a hit . as it is , the cd is mediocre at best .
i bought this dvd for my collection . i do not buy full screen format dvds . amazon described the dvd as `` anamorphic , closed-captioned , color , dolby , full screen , widescreen , ntsc '' with an aspect ration of 2.35:1 . however , when it arrived , it was full screen only with an aspect ratio of 1:33.1 . consequently , i returned it . my recommendation , if you only want widescreen , do n't believe the description that this dvd is dual-layered and do n't buy it
compared to their first <NUM> albums , this was a huge dissapointment , there are a few ok songs but overall it is very bland ..
how the hell can you make a movie with talking monkeys totally suck ? it should have been a slam dunk
this has to be dolph 's suckiest movie . i 'm a huge fan , and i own a ton of his movies and watch a bunch more on a regular basis . but do not buy this movie , save your money and buy one of dolph 's better movies like army of one or men of war . personally though i 'm pumped for the release of masters of the univers
all this dude does is release bubble gum garbage songs like whatyou know about that etc . well mr ti what you know about rap . cause ya sure dont get any lyrical skills i hope you dont think you are going to make people think you are king of the south with garbage like this
ug . i really dislike this movie . dune is one of my favorite books , and this movie totally ruined it . it is boring , confusing , unfaithful to the book , and just plain badly done . if you want to see the real dune , watch the amazing miniseries done by sci-fi channel and it 's sequel , children of dune . both are much better done and much more faithful to the source material
i was thrilled by the first season 's creative and compelling representation of characters . the opening titles , music , dramatizations , editing , as well as , subtle humor of the first season , was an artful and poignant display of life to which many people , regardless of sexual orientation , could relate . i was immediately disappointed by the second season , however , as it quickly dissolved a great work of art and turned it into cheap pulp . i hope that the third and fourth season does n't make the same mistake .
i consider this to be your typical run of the mill nlp book . it 's solid in its approach , addresses the key pieces and is well written . but it does n't stand out
if there were a dictionary of queer literature radclyffe hall would certainly have a place , somewhere between `` hall , maurice '' and `` hallward , basil '' . she deserves this for having written a taboo-breaking novel . she does not deserve this for writing a particularly good one . when i started reading this book i thought i was going to like it a lot more than i did in the end ; i thought stephen as a child was an adorable little gentleman and i liked the relationship between her parents and how it influenced her life . when i reached her first girlfriend , however , a married woman named angela crossby , i was at the edge of the abyss without knowing it . i realize this book is a product of its time , but never in my life have i heard so many cliches and stereotypes about lesbians - sorry , inverts - from a woman who was a lesbian herself . inverts have terrible nerves . inverts wrongly cling to religion . a `` real '' female invert is masculine and a `` real '' male invert is feminine , whereas their `` normal '' lovers are truly heterosexual . more drama and angst are crammed into the last few chapters of the book than i would have thought possible , and the ending - which i will not reveal - comes out of nowhere and contradicts the personalities of stephen and her lover mary as they have been previously established . anyone with an interest in queer literature should read this to satisfy their curiousity , and to deepen their appreciation for better-written and more realistic fiction . someone who wants a good novel with an intense romance should not
i approached this book with the utmost hopefulness since there has not been one to date on asian american youth . unfortunately , now that i am no longer in my teens i have a difficult time relating to their borderline cliche reflections . for sure the anthology could have done without the & quot ; now i 'm in this ivy league college & quot ; biographies and most of the poetry , about which i wonder if the authors wo n't be a bit embarrassed later on . this was a much-needed effort , but just because there is urgency does not warrant slack editing
this movie is so bad that i simply could n't finish it . why this movie would be remade to renew the old 'prizzi 's honor ' is beyond my wits . this movie was just dumb and childish . totally ridiculous and shallow
that is not how it goes down in real life ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the only reason i gave it a <NUM> is because i enjoyed the fat girl in that was it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! if you want a story about real life pick up the coldest winter ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this is a good book for those who know how to use a pda and are experts at reading and writing code . it is not for beginners or those who have never seen win ce . but if you love computers and techie gadgets , are good with code and like to play with electronic toys , are looking for another techie 's love of toys , then you might get something out of it . but if you are inclined in that way you already know this stuff . do n't waste your money . there are other books that do a better job in both area
many have seen this movie on tv many times . for a b-movie it is great fun and interesting to watch . no extras on the dvd . i wish they did add something from behind the scenes , etc
ca n't sing , can barely sing or speak spanish and ca n't dance like shakira ... j-lo loves the camera and `` thinks '' she 's it . omg when is this nonsense going to stop ? her `` fans '' buy this music so this woman `` believes '' she can sing . she is simply trying to be `` selena '' but is n't worthy even a glitter of selena 's gold ... you should be ashamed of yourself trying to copy someone so famous , so talented , and now deceased ! ! and , please , j-lo stop `` trying to laugh like selena . '' selena 's laughter was true and full of life and yours is the contrary . woman , you simply have no talent . ben affleck must laugh at your outlandishness at how hard you 're trying to portray that you and marc are `` happily married '' and dayanara torres must thank her lucky stars that you took away the buffoon of her husband who is now your sidekick . get it girl , your songs are annoying and irritating and it 's obvious in this album you 're also trying to sing/sound like marc anthony ... stop ! you obviously have no style that 's why you keep trying to copy others and would n't be surprised if you 'll be trying to copy shakira 's moves ! ! please no more pretend music and recording studio exec ... que hicistes ? ? even the album 's title is awkward !
i have now seen several gerry anderson projects , many hits and some misses , this one is close to dead last for me ( wait , it is dead last ) . a priest driving a model t is the hero in this one . he also has a shrinking ray ( shrinks to like 1/3 normal ) that he uses on his assistant who is a groundskeeper/secret agent . sound interesting ? well , i got the set cheap so why not buy it ? if your an anderson fan as i am , it was worth the price , just do n't expect to show it to your friends as it 's really tame and slow plodding with model t car chases and not a whole lot of action . here is my ranking of the shows i like from gerry anderson so take that into account of your own tastes . # <NUM> ufo ( a live adult sci-fi show with some great character development ) , # <NUM> joe <NUM> ( the concept is great and the non continuous storylines work good here ) , # <NUM> captain scarlet ( i love the concept and a lot of the shows fit in with the current war on terror to me ) , # <NUM> thunderbirds ( had a corgi toy as a kid , it was the best show for kids on tv at the time ) , # <NUM> stingray ( for the time , it was a great action kids show ) , # <NUM> fireball xl5 ( like a stingray except in space and black and white ) , # <NUM> the protectors ( eh , it 's ok ) , # <NUM> space <NUM> ( this is where my recommended shows stop , this show was so highly anticipated and quickly got really stupid even i could n't stay with it in the <NUM> 's ) , # <NUM> terrahawks ( just started watching it now it may move up above space <NUM> and the protectors ) , # <NUM> secret service . i have n't watched his other stuff and i know there is stuff out there like supercar but that would probably rank above secret service for me .
it 's well known that 'showgirls ' flopped . i remember director paul verhoeven getting an award for having produced something like 'the worst movie of the year ' . it 's not hard to point out its failure : the young & attractive lead elizabeth berkley can not act . as elizabeth is in focus quite a lot , her frequent appearance turns 'showgirls ' into disaster . in hindsight it 's incredible that an experienced director like paul verhoeven hired someone like her . i guess the blatant display of nudity in berkley 's role , as well as in this whole movie , made better actresses look elsewhere . the more so , while 'showgirls ' theme and plot are somewhat meagre . one star for the effort , and another for the nice picturing . any lavish display of female nudity can not cover the failure of 'showgirls ' concept
the backstreet boys are one of the most dated groups of the 1990s . lots of pop culture trends from the 90s are incredibly dated in <NUM> : full house ; teenage mutant ninja turtles ; hair metal ; grunge music ; the macarena dance craze ... but out of every trend that ever occured in that decade , nothing , and i mean nothing even comes close to being anywhere near as dated as boy bands are . i recently heard the backstreet boys song `` everybody backstreet 's back '' and whoa ! ! ! it was like stepping into a time warp ! every one of these cheesy , manufactured , synthesized sound effects brought me deeper and deeper into the past , until i arrived way back in <NUM> ! this was an era when genuine musical instruments were virtualy non existant , and computerized synthesizers and drum machines ruled the pop music word . sure these corny sound effects were trendy and hip in <NUM> , but by 21st century standards they just seem embarrasingly dated . i can only reccommend this cd for one thing -- -- making it feel like you 're a decade back in the past . i ca n't think of any other group from the 90s that sounds more dated than these guys . `` show me the meaning of being dated is this the decade i need to be stuck in tell me why i ca n't be there where you are there 's something dated in my heart
i loved `` come away with me '' the first moment i heard it . i also had the opportunity to see norah and her wonderful band in concert ... the experience was absolutely fantastic ! i could n't have asked for a better ! so naturally i waited in eager anticipation for her new album `` feels like home '' which after only one listen made me feel narcoleptic . it was a good thing i did n't try and listen to it while driving . to be perfectly honest , i have n't listened to it since . she is so talented , i wish this effort had been as successful as the first , but not everyone hits a homerun each time at bat . but i still hold out hope that her next album will be better
i bought this dvd thinking i could get what my pilates class gives me right at home . boy was i wrong . this is a horrible example of pilates . the sessions just goes through the motions . they do n't emphasize the importance of form and breathing through out each session which is really needed for any skill level . the transitions are way too fast . maybe i am spoiled by having such a great pilates teacher but this dvd is a waste of money !
have read several leonard books and this may be the worst one i have read . the two so called `` bad men '' remind me of my self if i tried to do what they did . nothing goes right . ordell robbie and louis gara grab mickey dawson , wife of frank dawson , to hold for ransom . frank could care less . he has a mistress and does not want his wife back . this makes mickey very upset and she decides she wants part of the action with ordell and louis . meanwhile , the mistress decides she wants to be part of their plan too . you will meet crazy richard , who likes to shoot people . there was page after page of just talk . nothing happening . i kept thinking it would get better but no such luck . if you are having trouble sleeping try this book
a thoroughly self-indulgent narrator abandons her family on a whim and ventures out ( on her husband 's dime ? ) to `` discover herself '' and experience the kinds of things her priviledged , sheltered life never offered her . the novel is nicely crafted , but the character is shallow and cloying -- sadly , i think we 're supposed to support her . i kept hoping she 'd return home to an empty house .
this is not necessarily an indictment of aimee mann or holiday music .... though i do find such disks as being cheesey . i was a bit surprised when i heard mann was coming out w/a holiday album . it seemed a bit above someone who has based a career on not only original material , but non-mainstream music . it has also always surprised me that at the plethora of holiday disks that are out there and how many more come out each year . is it just me - or are there only <NUM> holiday songs in existance to begin with ? there is only so many different ways to cover `` i 'll be home for christmas '' , `` winter wonderland '' - all of which i believe are covered by james taylor , sarah mclachlan and better midler , all of which were released this month . i 'm guessing they are cheap to produce and easy to pull in profits . that being said - i still like mann 's voice and she comes through with 3-4 songs that are above the fray . `` whatever happened to christmas '' , `` christmastime '' and her original `` calling on mary '' . i also liked the fact that she covered `` you 're a mean one , mr. grinch '' . that seems to suit her more . not my cup of tea - but the songs i mentioned are the reason the disk gets <NUM> stars
this is michael ( last of the mohicans , heat , the insider ) mann 's far superior , first film adaptation of thomas harris ' red dragon . it 's superb . creepy , tense , edgy , slick when you do n't expect to be , and genuinely even-handed about the story 's anti-hero will graham and the supposed monster francis dolarhyde ( portrayed as no less a human than the cops who pursue him ) , manhunter is a artfully crafted thriller that stands apart from the other `` hannibal the cannibal '' films . i also far prefer brian cox as lektor , he gets under your skin without making an incision , while anthony hopkins splattered the screen with patent medecine ookiness . that said .... i was very disappointed when i rented this particular set . the second , `` director 's cut '' version is clearly a pre-release work print , with lower grade titles and dubbing , and a final scene of graham visiting near-victim family # <NUM> that is just terrible . the first disc is the release version , and though it restores a few scenes which were snipped from the vhs cut , a quick line from the scene in which graham figures out how dolarhyde is picking his victims is `` missing . '' ( `` as a child my heart bleeds for him ... as an adult ... slaughters whole families for selfish , trivial ends . ... are you uncomfortable with this kind of understanding ? '' ) whether it really needs to be in the scene is arguable . mann may 've removed it from the final version for good reasons . he sneers at his friend and former colleague , crawford . alienates him . it 's a false climax in a scene when the real climax is the storeroom guard ( on the phone ) confirming graham 's breakthrough discovery about the mountain of forensic evidence . other than that , the first disc is superbly transferred . if you 've only seen this on tape , the clarity and color saturation of the original film will amaze you . save your pennies , buy the `` release version '' single disc release , and let canal/anchor bay learn that mis-labled `` director 's cuts '' just wo n't sell .
the kidz bop series is the ultimate travesty in music . and do n't think that it 's good just because your kids might love it . kids also like to eat mcdonalds , but do n't try telling me that their food is healthy . there is plenty of good music out there than is clean enough for children . and , surprisingly , a lot of these songs are very inappropriate for children , even with the expletives deleted . there is no reason on earth why these records should exist , excepting for the fact that record execs want to milk more money out of the singles once their radio play starts to diminish . i agree with the person who suggested the beatles as an alternative . seriously , do n't buy this !
the songs on this cd show the scope of wilbert harrison 's career . the & quot ; kansas city & quot ; cut is the one that almost everyone is familiar with and is the original fury recording . the rest of the cuts on this cd were taken from various other companies that wilbert recorded for from <NUM> thru <NUM> . the cuts that are not included are his fury/fire and sss international cuts . if you 're looking for the best wilbert harrison package , this is not the one
this air supply should 've been cut off a very long time ago . whenever any of their songs comes on the radio i immediately shut it off . bad ear candy is all they ever recorded . mindless , sappy garbage . even bread 's music was more interesting than this
to compare this with the smiths the furs and the cure .. ? is a sacrilege . it is far from those bands , not remotely in their league , and not even close to their sound .. its lite bouncy uninspired pop . which is fine , but please be honest with musical comparisons , perhaps listen to the refered bands before using them as a reference
as he does in his columns , mr. tierney demonstrates here grave literary weakness . there is no reason that this book should ever have appeared . i can not imagine even the dullest mind finding it interesting or amusing . the man is talentless
nelly is one of the most annoying ignorant rappers i have ever heard . i do give him props on his first album , but he went downhill and started that whole `` i can make great club beats , but write bubblegum lyrics over it '' trend . this sadly created all the chingys , lil johns and so on . the guy does n't add any substance to his music , yet he sells millions thanks to mtv . just save your money on real artist that makes real music
these are not the original theatrical realeases . in addition to the changes made in the special edition versions of the films , american cinematographer noted in their review of the dvd release that they had gone so far as to change the color-timing of the transfer so that the color scheme more closely resembled the more recent prequels . though they are an impressive technical achievement , i 'll be buying the academy award winning films that i saw when i was younger
i waited ages to get this fulci classic and now i wished i did not . it is probably fulci 's most confusing work to date and lacks all known production standards considering this is film # <NUM> from him . i can buy giallo being a bit spaced out and highly far-fetched , but this one is just plain bad from start to finish , it is only really remembered for the infamous woman chain whipping sequence ( chain whipping also appeared in `` the beyond '' ; fulci loved cashing in on all this stuff ) , `` do n't torture a duckling '' is completely void of substance , mystery or crime and instead is replaced by everything that is camp about film making , from the obvious papermashy heads to the `` shall i stand here and act now '' type blemish on everyone 's face , considering this is fulci 's 33rd film or thereabouts , it really looks like his first and it would be another <NUM> years before he made horror , i was expecting a somewhat smart giallo and got drawn out rubbish instead . like i said - watch `` the bird with the crystal plummage '' giallo instead . it was made by argento two years before this and is where you should be at instead . i would recommend that argento 'primative slasher ' over fulci 's cash crop schlock `` do n't torture a duckling '' any day of the week
this album features 70s re-recordings of et 's hits . his texas troubodors at the time were a good band , but ernest 's voice had coarsened quite a bit by then . you can now get the original 40s and 50s recordings of ernest 's hits on the hall of fame series . even the <NUM> remakes originally on the decca/mca & quot ; greatest hits & quot ; and & quot ; ernest tubb story & quot ; were pretty good ... but this album is for completists only
i was very disappointed in this product , as the recordings were the worst i 've ever seen . i could have done a better job of recording these for re-sale . with all the computor knowledge that we have today , it 's a shame that a product of this quality would be sold . amazon , you messed up good this time .
for me this movie is a painfull thing to watch . i wish that i could give this <NUM> stars . the infamous fake `` o '' scene kind of recked true intamacy for me . it may be true that women do this but it is one of the worst kind of lie imaginable . one of the truths for us guys is that when we are cuddiling with a woman we fanasise that we are with the first girl we fell in love with . just fyi .
if you have had to take out a mortgage to buy a house , have ever purchased life insurance or have a retirement account , this book will seem extremely basic . there are n't really any tools , worksheets or practical plans here . the book is simply a series of `` tips '' -- very brief articles from different financial planners . it 's a readable format , but there 's not much meat . for example , the section on `` software for staying organized '' includes mention of only <NUM> software products , two of which are microsoft money and intuit quicken . the author starts her comments saying `` the basic/standard versions are entry-level products designed for people new to personal finance software '' ( my experience with the basic versions of those programs is that they include quite powerful analysis and budgeting tools ) . if you 're just starting out or really need a primer , this is a readable book and comes well recommended . but if you are reasonably literate in working with lenders and insurance companies , you 'll find this too simple
out cold tries hard to capture the tween audiences without fully using the infamous `` raunch '' button to be successful . it tries hard to give the audience a graceful combination of physical humor , sexual slap-stick , classic hollywood references , and x-treme sport clips , but in the end it face plants hard into the cinematic pavement . while i will not be generous to this film , i will begin this review by mentioning how proud i am of out cold . again , this was nowhere near a good film , but as a person that watches films on a consistent basis , i saw out cold as a film that tried really hard to be humorous , original , and creative , but just failed miserably . one must give credit to those films that fail while trying , because so many films today just , honestly , fail to try . unoriginality seems to be a common theme among these tween films , as big boobs , beer drinking , and clich characters invade the screen more often than humorous dialogue that invades your mind and into modern culture . out cold aims towards a general audience that i despise . that audience is one that will pay top dollar for stupid humor that demonstrates no talent and a considerable lack of creativity . why do we , as audience members , do that ? is it that difficult for us to laugh at intelligent humor ? while out cold did not begin the trend in hollywood , it did contribute to it , and thus continuing films like date movie , american wedding , and dude , where 's my car to plague our theaters . i think i have spoken enough about my personal belief on why this film was a wart on the back of hollywood , so let 's look at actual reasons why this film tried and failed . i have to get this first one out in the open . why , painfully i ask this question , did the filmmakers see the quality in combining tween humor , snowboarding , and casablanca together in one film ? the first two matched , but the last was just pure rubbish . outside of an adult audience , not many children or teens would catch the classic hollywood film reference , thus completely ruining the remains of a dying film genre . now , when the audience of out cold actually connect casablanca to out cold , they will say lines like `` this movie is just like out cold '' . this makes me so angry . if parents would raise their children correctly in film most will say , `` out cold took quite a bit from casablanca '' , instead of the other way around . casablanca needs to come first . with that said , our biggest pitfall to this film was the characters . were there any ? great question ! i did n't see any . instead , i saw actors reacting to certain situations . there were no definitions to anyone . sure , one could argue that there were some `` characters '' with pig pen and inga , but when i see these moments , i see clichs , not characters . anyone can play a druggie , stoner , big-breasted woman , town idiot , and so forth , but it is how that actor chooses to redefine that overused character that really sets a film apart from the rest . nothing of the sort happened here . jason london was horrid as the title character , and his supposed girlfriend was as bland as illinois . jason 's friends were obnoxiously unexciting and lee majors walked on set , said his lines , and walked off . again , there was nothing of value . nobody went beyond the lines on their script , which ultimately hurt the overall viewing experience of this film . if i were to pick one element that kept this film from completely drowning would be the use of david koechner , of whom i can not help but laugh at whenever he opens his mouth . he is the prime example of what i was hoping the direction would be for these filmmakers . he was a unique character for bull mountain and thus created some of the better lines for the film , if only the rest of the cast would have taken his lead . yet , i do not blame the cast for it all , the filmmakers ( the malloy brothers ) had to make the underlying decision to either make another tween film , or sharpen the humor and aim towards a smarter audience . as you may or may not have noticed , they went with the latter . the entire `` king of the mountain '' bit was horrendous , not because of the storyline element , but the fact that everyone 's beer was flying , nobody recognized anyone , and only the characters we were familiar with were winners . just disrespectful to the rest of those that inhabits bull mountain . the funniest bit that i think the malloys were able to pull off were the brotherly pranks pulled when one was too drunk . the first one with the polar bear was not funny ( rather juvenile ) , but the one with the car continues to put a smile on my face . it was this type of humor that i was expecting the entire film , but overall continued to keep falling short . overall , out cold felt like your last pick to be your date for prom . sure , there were some elements that were decent enough to smile at , but most of the time you were embarrassed to be seen with her in public . i am tired of this tween genre of film , and while i know that due to an increasing decline in intelligence in our theaters we will only continue to see more of this type of movie , i am still tired of it . it is as if most directors are just using the `` cut & paste '' feature on their editing machines bringing us the same jokes that have been told once with success , but over time , they just become boring . again , i will say that of most of the films in this genre , out cold did try a bit harder to be beyond the mold , but in the end it was nothing spectacular . i do n't think i could muster the strength to watch it again . grade : * * out of * * * *
i was very disappointed in this movie . it had such cool cover art on the dvd that i took a chance and rented it - foolish move . it just is n't scary . it is a typical slasher type film , but with no scares , storyline , etc .. i watch many , many movies and can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the top <NUM> worst movies i 've seen . i highly recommend staying clear of this movie
de soto 's work was viewed by economists , historians , and politicians alike as breakthrough . he gives us an in-depth look at the lima 's informal sector and postulates , much to the satisfaction of his washington , d.c. bankroll , that peruvians are bursting to embrace democracy and market capitalism . unfortunately , he has twisted peru 's real scenario to reflect what washington wants to hear . in reality , lima 's informal sector is merely a way for a depraved population to survive , not a radical shift toward capitalism . de soto 's institue for liberty and democracy was funded almost in full by washington , and the man himself has spent more time in the u.s. than in peru . this book leans more toward american propaganda than objective analysis . an interesting read , but only with abundant grains of salt
the writers used the character names , and the book name , but nothing else the explanation of the <NUM> laws was ridiculous the art work of the robots was good will smith did his usual fantastic job as an actor , but the writers gave him poor material and where comedy was called for it went over like a lead balloon . i robot is part of a series of asimov books resolving around both human and robot characters . the human and the robot both evolve and explore the meaning of life and humanity . none of this appeared in the movie
as other people said before me , i could n't be a bigger will ferrell fan . he 's incredible . but i ca n't say the same for the writers of some snl sketches or the people who choose what is put on these dvds . i thought his first best of dvd was pretty good ( not great , but what can you do ) . as far as the second dvd , it 's almost like nbc or whoever felt like playing a practical joke on the buying audience . none of will 's popular recurring characters showed up , and in the rare instance that they were included ( janet reno , the lover , actor 's studio ) , it was like the worst sketch was chosen . again , will is great , but this dvd is not . please believe the customer reviews . save your $ <NUM> and buy old school or elf
this one was made after disney died , billy mummy is too old for the role he plays , and it 's often too dark , and it sometimes really drags . mummy 's scenes -- where he 's supposed to exhibit deep emotion and sympathy -- are as annoying as fingernails on a chalkboard . better to buy charlie the lonesome couger , or the one about the yellowstone bears or the earlier version of `` the incredible journey , '' the one they only have on videotape
thia book is out-dated .. the information it provides is to broa
whitney houston is a nice-looking woman , has a beautiful voice , a good selection of songs ... why her producers have issued this crappy edition of her `` greatest '' hits ? ? ? ... the first disc is ok , almost all of her best romantic hits ( `` did n't we almost have it all '' and `` saving all my love for you '' plus the main theme for `` the bodyguard '' originally from dolly parton ) are included . the second disc however , is purely another attempt to promote these modern ( and weird ) djs that `` mix '' dancing themes , whose original versions are far better than the mixed versions !
what a waste of time this movie was . i could not wait for it to end . to call this an amateur film is an insult to amateurs . while i was watching it , the power in my house went off . i kinda hoped it would stay off . what i liked about it was the cover , thats it . i think they should just sell the case without the dvd . or throw a blank dvd in the case . here is the movie in a nutshell : horrendous acting , garbage script , filmed on what appeared to be a $ <NUM> video camera . avoid this trash ! the <NUM> zodiak killer was bad too , but it was the kind of bad that was worth watching . not this movie
punk is dead , enough said . all trhey do is play <NUM> power chords in a repeeated pattern and whine about politics this is what punk is then ? huh something soooo trendy its dead beyond reason . to be punk iso to not even be notified , dress as a punk its just to change . its a rebellious/defensive attitude . not a mohawk or spike or whatever dude this band/music genre is really lame.let it g
richard pryor is my all-time favorite stand-up comedian . i consider him the best in the business . but his performance in & quot ; live and smokin & quot ; shows he 's still just a rookie . he 's nervous in front of the camera , and says so several times . his material is typically raunchy , but not very funny . you can hear the forced laughter from a few members of the audience . buy this tape only if you 're a die-hard pryor fan , but do n't expect the side-splitting laughter you 'll get from & quot ; in concert & quot ; , & quot ; live on the sunset strip & quot ; , and & quot ; here and now & quot ;
one parenting acting like a jerk is bad enough . advising the other parent to act like a jerk is not going to help the children . be as kind to yourself , your children and your x as you can . do n't behave like a jerk or make things harder for any reason . not recommended
the movie has many none-too-subtle * very * anti-christian elements , particularly in the typical hollywierd portrayal of money grubbing `` christian '' tv evangelists and christians themselves as stupid zombies ; life as basically pointless . i am sick of hollywood rubbish like this ! so , if you 're a christian , stand firm -- do n't buy it ! !
an excellent release .... just do n't buy this version . the century media release with the bonus tracks contains audio that appears to have gone through some kind of lossy audio encoding process ( i.e . encoded to mp3 then back to pcm ) before being sent to the manufacturing plant . avoid this one , check out the other versions and make sure you receive the full audio spectrum that you paid for .
one of the best pieces of rock ever recorded , one of the worst reissue i ever heard . do not buy this japanese import ! if you know what this album is suppose to sound like then you will want to cry when you hear sony 's butchering of this reissue . i am not being over critical here , this mix will make you cringe , or maybe we are just getting spoiled by rhino 's superb job ? it 's a cryin sham
i find that it wil not only be a big hassle , which is to be expected , but also expensive and too difficult to find these superfood
i do n't listen to this kind of music as i really hate the whole radio/alternatine scene . i worked in a music store when this album was released and must have heard it <NUM> or <NUM> times a day as we had to play new releases in the store . although there is no talent in this band vocal or instrument wise , the music made me reminisce about high school days . anyway , this was a flavor of the day type band who has been forgotten about by now . it was obviously a group created by music execs to have some radio play , milk every dime that it was worth and then thrown out like old chewing tobacco . it 's such a shame how music is being ruined like this .
this is a poor excuse of a movie . the actors are less than right for these rolls . i will be selling this movie used if anyone wants to waste the cash ...
i was excited to get this book , since i am a stay-at-home mother of three . i believe that it 's important to take care of yourself and feel confident in your decision to be a mother . this book did n't really give much advice . it skimmed the surface with suggestions about dressing cute , exercising , taking time for yourself ... things i 've heard a thousand times before . i like to hear real life tips on how other mom 's do these things and more . i thought the book was a rip-off with no real content . a much better book , if you stay at home with your kids is happy housewives by darla shine .
the book is narated in a rather monotone , unethusiastic manner . it seems to be filled with colin just narrating a chronological list of things he did with no insight into what these things meant or why he did them .
do n't get me wrong , there 's some great stuff here : behind blue eyes , substitute , bargain , wo n't gget fooled again , baba o'reilly , a few others . but if the who are going to be in the co. of the all time greats , there should n't be any filler on a <NUM> disk set anthology . they 're the most overrated band in rock history . tried to be rockin ' and rollin ' rock and roll while at the same time putting a lot of effort into concept albums , did n't get the mix right . pink floyd mastered the concept album 'per se ' , david bowie gave us the concept album that really was n't ( rise & fall of zig strdst & spdrs frm mrs ) , while tommy , 4ophenia , and the one that was aborted ( i forget the working title ) fall short , somewhere in between . just as the who fall short , somewhere in between the beatles , stones and led zep . daltrey as a great frontman ? gim me a break ; not worthy of shining the shoes of jagger or plant , not even ozzy ( in his prime with sabbath ) or ian gillan ( deep purple ) . he does n't even sing on some of their most famous songs , and he did n't write any of them ( to go by the liner notes that came with this disc , anyway ) . many of their songs are described as quirky . 'silly ' is closer to the mark . how 'bout just 'dumb ' ? the stones declared that 'time was on their side ' and marched defiantly in the face of all obstacles , including time itself . the who promised that they would die before they got old , on the other hand , and failed to deliver . this was my last attempt to 'get into ' a band that i used to feel guilty for never having 'gotten into
`` an american werewolf in paris '' is quite possibly one of the worst movies i have ever observed . do n't even try to compare this to the classic `` an american werewolf in london '' . this movie is about as scary as `` the naked gun '' , the acting is pathetic and the plot for this movie is horrible ... i can not even bear to rehash it to you . there is nothing creepy or remotely scary about this movie ... it is just plain stupid . also , the werewolves in this movie look like some kind of a joke . i tried to keep an open mind , but basically , i could barely finish this movie and the best thing about it was when it was over and i did not have to watch anymore . total waste of time . i mean basically , this movie is a total `` zero '' and my recommendation to you is not to even think of wasting your time on this flick .
just imagine if you had the courage to put your money into the qqq in <NUM> in the wholesale fashion which this author suggests .
the video in this dvd looks as though it was put through a simple computer program that decoded it for going on to a dvd disc . a standard 4.7gb disc , by the way ; that 's what you 'll get when you buy this . i say this because i 've used those programs before and know how they alter the video . this is how they alter it , and how it looks on this usa release of the dvd : skin color is too red . dark ( shadowed ) areas are greenish . white/beige is pinkish . grey is bluish . white has blue on it . the colors are just totally messed up . evidence of grey being blue = look at robert duvall 's uniform ( you 'll see him <NUM> minutes into the movie ) . the german uniform is a semi-light grey . it is too dark and filled with blue . then look behind him at the wall . a lovely dark shadow of green . evidence of white/beige being pinkish , when robert duvall walks into that office , look at the walls . they should be a kind of white/beige color but they are not a shade of white at all , they are pinkish . as he walks into the office to sit down , you see curtains on the wall in the office . they are supposed to be white , but they 're filled with blue . at <NUM> minutes into the movie , you see donald sutherland sitting in the grass with the character molly . his suit is supposed to be black . look at it . it 's purple . that is not black . on top of all that , the movie is too dark . there should have been a brightness/contrast adjustment . if you pay attention to dark areas in the movie , such as fixtures around a room or an office , most times , they are pitch black and indistinguished . for example , look at desk drawers , telephones , vases , black hair , black jackets .. even robert duvall 's eye patch . not much shading , usually pitch black . i 've read that this movie apparently was not remastered for the north american release . i plan to get the region <NUM> ( europe ) release . i 'd rather do without watching it on my tv and watch it on my computer in better , `` proper '' quality . 'nuff said
this movie was horrible . i am sorry i purchased it . it was like watching an old b movie with a low budget and bad acting . i got the feeling it was strictly a venue for the writer/director to view and film [ ... ] .
this is going to sound like an exaggeration ... but this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . i will admit that i did n't have high hopes for this film . i mean , it did n't come out in theaters ( at least in the u.s. ) , which is never a good sign , no movie store seems to have it in stock , and i read some pretty crippling reviews right here on good ol ' amazon . but hey , i gave it a shot . boy , was that a mistake ... first of all , here 's a quick synopsis : years ago , king hrothgar ( stellan skarsgard ) killed a troll , but took pity on the troll 's son , grendel ( ingvar eggert sigurosson ) , and left him alone . grendel , now full-grown , is seeking revenge on hrothgar 's kingdom . hearing of hrothgar 's plight , the fierce warrior beowulf ( gerard butler ) comes to help the king kill grendel . along the way beowulf meets a witch/prostitute named selma ( sarah polley ) and discovers that trolls have feelings too . now , we all know that stellan skarsgard and gerard butler are great actors , but in this movie they fumble with a halting and painfully corny script . the script affects the acting , and the acting affects the film . secondly , though sarah polley is a lovely actress , she seems very misplaced in this film . she 's the only character with an american accent and , in an age-old anglo-saxon myth , this is very , very out of place . in addition , the small amount of weight that gerard butler has put on around the stomach area draws a little from his role as an unstoppable , highly-trained warrior . the battle scenes are unnecessarily gory , with fake-looking and very blood-soaked limbs flying left and right . they seem primitive compared to the battle scenes of other films . the scene in which beowulf fights grendel 's mother is especially bad - there 's lots of shrieking and strobe-light-esque movements that seem almost comical in this day and age . the only things that can be said in this movie 's defense are that the sweeping iceland landscapes are breathtaking and the celtic monk ( eddie marsan ) is mildly-amusing in his efforts to convert everyone . 1-star ... please do n't waste <NUM> minutes of your life on this film
what a disaster . do n't waste your time with this one . nothing grabs you in the beginning , the plot ( if any ) is poor , and yes there are some nice sets , but that does n't make a good movie .
i could n't resist the title , so i got this book . unfortunately , i can not reccommend it to people who want to learn to write better perl , execpt as a source of examples of the mistakes you should avoid . for example , in one of the earliest examples , the authors uses `` return undef '' in a situation where the return value of the routine is assigned to an array , to indicate the routine did n't find any of whatever it was looking for . unfortunately , this is a mistake , the correct code would be to use `` return ; '' all on its own . the correct solution produces an empty array or interim values ; the mistake creates an array containing one element , 'undef ' . there are a number of similar mistakes which indicate the author is in over his head , writing things he does n't understand ; the editors know even less about the matter ; and the code was never tested and verified for correctness . if you want to learn perl , get `` learning perl '' ; if you want to improve your perl , get `` intermediate perl . to
that 's right , this is a collection of mostly the <NUM> 's countrypolitan stereo remakes of the <NUM> 's classics with a sprinkling of originals from the <NUM> 's but the re-recordings are definitely enough to let you all know that this cd is not recommended and that i recommend the legacy & quot ; look what thoughts will do & quot ; <NUM> cd set with only the originals . it may be a little higher priced but it delivers what it promises , the originals . the disc is rated <NUM> star for the heavy amount of re-recordings ( many awful performances ) and another star for the sprinkling of originals
i am not writing in english and try to learn some fiction writing skills . this book has cited many literay fiction and is a good source for you to find fictions good at dialogue , etc . but it provides very few techniques and you have to read the referred literature to know how to write a dialogue . i jumped many paragraphs . i also can not agree with the author on what attract the readers . sometimes i feel the opposite about certain classics . other books i am reading provide me with many techniques such as techniques of selling writer and immediate fiction
reading the posted reviews here , is like revisting the ballessssss white liberals who are portrayed in this preschool-level , skewered portrayal of the <NUM> 's . white = bad ( you can finish the equation . ) for those considering hi , mom whether for purchase or rental , be sure to watch it with your ( white ) wife and then project her into depalma 's puerile depiction of a liberal couple , attending an all black drama ( except for deniro who conveniently is portraying the viscious hunky cop ) . then witness her being raped and mauled while you are beaten . why ? because you are white ! stupidity not worthy of further commentary
this is meant to be a mystery , but one can deduce the entire plot in almost the first couple of chapters . then it gets boring waiting and waiting for the rest of the characters to stumble over it ! a couple of the sub-plot characters ( regina & lucy especially ) are nothing more than boring caricatures . i was very disappointed in the whole satan worshiping mumbo jumbo mystery - does n't seem like something jane austen would need to prop up her books . that said , the dialogue and general writing is great . i really enjoyed the first half of the book that centered on kitty and harry 's courtship . i really wish there had n't been all the aforementioned mumbo jumbo and instead bebris had concentrated her obvious talents on the excitement of normal life
what exactly is positive about the koran and its view of women ? every single assertion of this polemic is either a complete fabrication or wrong . the hadiths and sunna are not the chauvinistic part 'corrupting ' the koran , if anything the opposite is true . in surah 4:34 the koran orders the husband to beat his wife . in numerous suras the husband is ordered to pay the equivalent of a dowry to his wife , not her family however . the entire koranic book of 'women ' is simply one law after another about 'them ' which is to say the women . the reason it is talking about 'them ' when referring to women and 'us ' when speaking about men is because the koran is meant for men . there is not one equality in the entire koran dealing with women and men . men may take four wives women , women presumably one husband . men may have slaves and men may marry and do as they please sexually with the slaves . no similar injunction applies for women . men receive virgins and wine and service in heaven ... the situation of women in heaven is left to the imagination , although presumably they make up the virgins . the koran details a world of only men where women are not only chattel but are the sexual objects of the society , sold as slaves and used and then divorced at the mans pleasure . there is not one equality . scholars have argued that koran reformed women 's rights and elevated their status because in pre-islamic arabia women had no rights and under koran they are entitled to at least a dowry and a man may not take endless numbers of wives . this does n't translate as equality , it translates as a male centered world , where men are masters and women are virtually property . the fact that god in koran is not referred to as 'father ' does not indicate a feminist view of god but merely reflects the very monotheistic nature of islam , certainly a valid fact that differentiates it from christianity . however once again this is not evidence of women 's rights , because the non-gender view of god does n't change the very negative view of women 's role on earth given in the koran . if someone is going to read this they should certainly have handy an unbiased translation of the koran so they can reflect on all the laws regarding women and why those same laws do not apply equally to men , for instance one might wonder why a wife may not beat her disobeying husband ? or why the husband is not commanded to be modest ? seth j. frantzman
i never received the product despite desperately trying to correct your error in persisting to consider my two-year 's old address current . and because you refuse to have any vital contact with your customers but merely treat them as numbers i 've decided never to do business with your brave new world monolith again . thanks for nothing . the money i lost due to your policy of disconnectedness from your buyers was well worth the result
i am a huge fan of the first quilts from the quiltmaker 's gift publication . i loved the book and have made three quilts that were inspired from the patterns found there . this sequel , more quilts from the quiltmaker 's gift is inferior on nearly every level . the patterns are not so interesting , and seem more fussy and complex . in addition , in this sequel publication , the patterns are not rated by level of difficulty , which i believe is a detriment . finally , the actual quality of the book is not good . within a day of bringing it home from the store , the cover of the book had curled up like a wood shaving ! i think the authors would have done well to stick with the same publisher who put out their first effort . about the only good things i can say about the book is that the instructions seem clear and the photos of other color options are helpful
i generally do n't enjoy reading books with teenaged legs and sunflowers on the cover . i often read on the subway , and it can be a bit embarassing . if i chose to weather the pornographic implications of such cover art , i expect to be rewarded for my sacrifice -- with , say -- a good book . i 'd even settle for full characters who change and grow . i 'd settle for dialogue that occasionally rose above tediousness and pointlessness -- perhaps dialogue that , in fact , advanced the plot or advanced character development . if i am going to sit on the l train with a book that slightly resembles a baby-sitters club epic , i would like for that book to be enriching/rewarding/entertaining/redeeming . why is this book <NUM> pages long ? ? ! ! ! ! nothing happens . the family has the same conversations over and over again , and nothing ever changes , and the father character is so irresponsibly designed that his dialogue is virtually identical to that of her 31-year-old boyfriend , oliver . no one comes alive , except maybe the mother . i found almost nothing to hold on to in the entire novel . the opening line was intriguing . from there on out , it becomes progressively worse . i felt only for one person : the mother . because she sat in the background , hands folded meekly , kind of depressed and annoyed , for the entire book . which was a lot like how rr made me feel , too
it sucks big time ! ! ! ! ! ! ! alot of this was experienced in my ears those first few months in hell ... i mean florida . the first song i heard from this was `` today '' , and i thought it was good the first time i heard it as it was only a <NUM> second snipet that i heard , but then when i heard the entire song it was depressing , and then there was `` disarm '' which i hated from day one , and the same with `` cherub rock '' . i just felt like i should n't have even bought this at this particular time in my life , but i guess i was trying to give them the benefit of the doubt . however , with one song barely tolerable which is `` mayonaise '' i 'm ready to dismiss this as one of the worst of the <NUM> 's
i found it to lean very heavily towards a hierarchal view of the relationship between men and women . men are to rule , and women are to submit to that rule . the authors appear to see women as perpetual children who need to be under the continual domination of men , rather than as adults who deal with men on an adult level . i suggest anyone who reads this books should also read `` discovering biblical equality . '' it gives another view of how the christians world see the role of women
why do i feel like the serpent in the garden of eden ? ... sorry , i really liked `` deep waters '' , but i probably wo n't buy another jak unless i am stuck at an airport and i have read every other available romance , mystery or thriller on the newsstand . i think i have made myself clear . it is time for me to find some new talented authors . although i know i have some previously read titles of hers to review . hopefully , they are better than this
after first buying wr 's `` heavy weather '' i 'd have to say that this album really disappointed me . now it does have it 's moments ( nubian sundance ) , but all in all , i 'm just not feeling this one.i did n't like the sound quality ... but it wasnt all about that though . as opposed to `` heavy weather '' songs like `` cucumber slumber '' sound dated ... kinda puts me in the mind of a bad <NUM> 's blaxploitation movie , while other songs just plain put me to sleep . basically it just does n't have that funky/rock/jazzy sound that jaco pastorius brought to the mix .
this is one of the worst ( maybe the worst ) books i have ever read . the actual investing technique the author used is explained in less than half a page at the end of the book . the rest of the book is just piles of completely useless and irrelevant stories about the authors travel and adventures that have absolutely nothing to do with his technique or investing . the author and the publisher are insulting the intelligence of readers by publishing such a stupid book . the technique explained at the end of the book is one of the most basic techniques in technical analysis ( ta ) . in the ta terminology , it is called support and resistance levels . if you are interested in this technique , use one of the books on ta . those books cover it in much more rigor than darvas ' book and they cover a lot more ta techniques that are much more powerful . my favorite book on ta is `` how technical analysis works '' by bruce kamich . husam abu-haimed , ph.d .
i was disappointed that the `` open your eyes ( baloobalot hot house piano dub ) '' by rhythm scholar was not on this cd . it 's really the only donovan worth listening to . skip this and get something by ochwat & sam or spanky my monkey instead
`` the church '' is nonsensical rubbish . i know dario argento is weak on plot , but this movie is absurd . it 's interesting how argento does such a good job with a movie like `` suspiria '' creating such an effective atmosphere for a horror movie even though the plot is a bit shaky ; but , with `` the church '' , the creepy atmosphere is clearly not present , and the acting and execution of the screenplay are so bad which only magnifies how terrible the plot is ... the result is a disaster ! ! indeed , there is zero character development , horrendous acting , monstrous plot holes and an uneven screenplay , all of which lead to this piece of rubbish called `` the church '' . this movie is trash ... period ! stay away ! ! ! !
`` camelot '' on broadway was cursed with the most excrutiatingly boring book that droned on and on and on . but the production was blessed with a stellar cast including richard burton , julie andrews and robert goulet and an excellent score which included `` if ever i would leave you '' powerfully sung by mr. goulet . joshua logan was tapped to direct the film version and of all the reasons why the film failed-logan as the director was the biggest . richard harris as king arthur when he was n't hamming it up acted so morose you would think someone told him all the pubs in england had run dry . vanessa redgrave made an enchanting guinevere but her demeanor was somewhat on the frosty side . although the film boasted scenes of castles , vast meadows and grand castle ceremonial halls , joshua logan filmed a lot of the movie using extreme close-ups of his actors . and a tight close-up on richard harris ' face on the giant cinemascope screen was especially distracting . when he sang his nose-hair could be seen swaying to the music . and on one of vanessa redgraves close-ups , it was obvious she had a cold , and a joker in the movie audience shouted , `` arthur get thy wife a hankie ,
i do n't need `` misfits '' wannabe 's in the good ol ' united states so i definetely dont need some woah woah ooh crap sung in japanese ! buy earth a.d. , static age , walk among us , legacy of brutality or hell even evilive to see what these losers wish they were . just cause your songs are like fater than hell does n't mean their good
robert putnam 's book bemoans the declne in `` civic participation '' among americans since its heyday in the <NUM> 's and <NUM> 's . although few would argue that bridge clubs are n't what they used to be , who would have predicted the rise of 20,000 member mega-churches back in <NUM> ? this underlines the basic problem with this book : it focuses too much on what constituted `` communities '' and `` activities '' in the past , without looking at how people form new and different kinds of communities today . while i agree that television has dramatically increased the couch potato index , and participation in traditional formal organizations has declined , i would argue that membership and participation in new kinds of groups that are more relevant to people in the 21st century has risen . for example , while young people famously are less likely to vote in our dual-party system , college students today volunteer more that any generation before them . in addition , while participation in mainline protestant churches has stedily declined , engagement in evangelical churches has risen dramatically . while i personally feel that the sterile suburban , drive-everywhere-in-my-suv existance is soul crushing , and the popularity of reality tv may be a sign of the apocolypse , i also do n't pine for the days where mom was expected to stay home with the kids and go to the bridge club once a week , while dad worked 9-5 , returned home to supper , and went to the men 's club on tuesdays at <NUM> . and while putnam 's basic premise may resonate with many , its fetishization of days past blunts the strength of his overall argument
i am a big fan of pattie lupone but as a torch singer she has a long way to go to catch up to the likes of fellow singers linda eder and others . i was very disappointed in this cd
i read in manson 's bio that the singer for this band was a groupie of his . and it shows . this cd is a clean , more innocent version of manson 's first cd . her voice is nice and catchy , but the content wont appeal to many peole over the age of <NUM> . this was a cd that was made to get quick appeal and then fade away just as fast
i 'd give this movie a negative star if i could . avoid this movie . it 's terrible . not one positive thing could be said about this movie
`` return of the living dead : rave to the grave '' ( <NUM> ) is , in short , not scary nor funny , another disaster in this series . i thought `` return of the living dead : necropolis '' ( <NUM> ) was so awful , enough terrible to become the nail in the series ' coffin , but i was wrong . they made another sequel which is worse than the previous `` rotld . '' considering the badness of ` necropolis , ' this is kind of amazing . actually `` necropolis '' and `` rave to the grave '' ( the fourth and fifth entries in ` return of the living dead ' series ) were shot back to back in romania . director for both films is ellory elkayem ( ` eight legged freaks '' ) , and ` rave to the grave '' features some of the stars of ` necropolis ' including peter coyote , aimee-lynn chadwick , cory hardrict and john keefe . ` rave to the grave ' is about the high school students who survived the terrible zombie outbreak in the previous film . they are now college students and this time one of them finds a dusty canister in the attic , but instead of leaving it alone or reporting to the police , he and his friends take a sample of the slimy liquid inside and bring it to the laboratory in the campus . and ... here is the silliest part ... one student makes a drug called ` z ' out of the sample and starts to sell it on campus . ` rave to the grave '' relies on this silly one-joke idea about the zombie drug that not only makes people act like zombies , but actually turns them into real ones . the film runs out of steam halfway through the story , and the rest of it is about the repetitious battles between zombies and humans that are neither thrilling nor funny to see . two ` men-in-black'-like hitmen are added to the humorless story of teenager zombie attack , but their downbeat humor does not work with the weak and pointless direction that fails to make the entire film a real gorefest or campy fun . the only good thing about the film is you can see tarman zombie , but only briefly . except for one mildly amusing scene , he has nothing to do in the film . he appears and stays out of the film most of the time . this is definitely the worst film in the ` return of the living dead ' series , and probably nearly as bad as the notorious `` house of the dead .
it 's incredible how a band with so much potential and a great debut could follow it up with such a dud . there is close to nothing capitvating or engaging on this record . the songs feel like poor b sides to the original album , and while nobody ever claimed them to be geniuses they were catchy , but even their keen pop sensibility is pretty much lacking here . slightly amusing for one spin , but in the long run utterly fogettable . not even worth your time to illegally download .
so : alien civilizations with obviously vastly superior technology travel clear across the galaxy at speeds greater than the speed of light in order to -- well , wo n't give the plot away , but trust me , they 're not here to guests on martha stewart . and i find the plot , therefore , and all of these `` aliens as terror sources '' movies just -- can i say this ? -- not fair to aliens ! ok , i do n't have an aluminum foil hat on , i just think its childish . stephen greer , md 's `` hidden truth '' book suggests that this is the sort of fare we are to get from hollywood -- no more friendly e.t . types , just constantly the message of terror from the skies . this trend in cinema about foreign visitors is now so consistent that it just makes movies like this dull and predictable . and how we eventually beat back the aliens in this movie ? oh , you do n't want to know ..
after seening and reviewing fahrenhyte 9/11 , i chanced upon this film and watched it . it is deceiving and insubstantial . as the # <NUM> amazon reviewer for non-fiction , including most of the important books about national security , 9/11 , oil , and terrorism , i have to state there are exactly two points of truth in this shallow stupid little film : <NUM> ) the photo of bush reading a book upside down was a fabrication , bush was actually listening . <NUM> ) clinton blew it . correct . madeline albright will go down in history for refusing to let her staff report terrorism honestly , and tony lake will go down in history for failing to get it right . it bears mention that then commandant of the marine corps al gray did get it right , in his article `` global intelligence challenges of the <NUM> 's '' published in the fall of <NUM> , but no one wanted to listen . i am impressed by the teacher of color who was in charge of the classroom that day , recounting how she felt bush was truly presidential , and wise not to add to the panic by rushing out of the room . absolutely . good point . the rest of this extreme rightist propaganda tract is totally disconnected from reality and the truth . the movie claims that gore lost because of nader , and completely ignores the hard documented proof that the florida leeadership acted to disenfranchise over 35,000 people of color , one reason that the bush family was so confident , in advance , of victory in florida . this trashy film fails to address the many angry representatives and the inert senate , including gore , who failed to use the power of congress to redress the impeachable wrong done to america in <NUM> ( and again , this time in ohio , in <NUM> ) . anything that features snap-shots of ann coulter is very likely to be loosely related to the truth , reality , or the public interest . i am glad i watched this film , because it reconfirms my gravest fears -- the extreme right in america now has a propaganda machine more powerful that hitler 's , and a brainwashed following more lethal than the hilter youth . this is seriously troubing stuff . i gave moore four stars , one star down for being too glib by half . that 's an honest assessment . this shallow little movie gets two stars , and both of those are for reflecting what is in the small minds of the nutty right
not helpful for me . it contained mostly definitions of terms , no useful follow thru information . other books i have found are more percise .
if you like early priest , buy genocide . it has both rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny in their entirety ( the only thing it does not have is the original album artwork ) . not leaving out important tracks like the ripper , for pete 's sake ! ! ! how could you leave out the ripper ? and what about island of domination ? i feel sorry for anyone that bought this that is unfamiliar with priest . they got jipped and did n't even know it . these are my favorite albums by priest and i hate to see them butchered like this ... and what about the order of the songs ? why would they mess with that too ? do youself a favor and buy either genocide , or if you like to have the original artwork , buy rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny seperately
your love by laura branigan is the reason that i bought this cd . it is the only reason that i 've kept it all of these years . her immense vocals can knock down walls at one second and caress your heart the next . one of the , if not the most overlooked vocalists ever . spanish harlem by ben e. king , of course , is another great song but you do n't need to by this soundtrack for it . the rest of the cd is throw away . but for the laura branigan song alone it 's worth the money . it 's the only reason i gave this album two stars ! if atlantic records ever releases a box set for her , or remasters her albums with this song on either , this cd will be turned in to a used cd store & quot ; pronto ! & quot ;
i found the characters to be mostly caricatures ; there 's no sense that any of them are actual human beings . as a result , there 's no change -they 're static , and whatever changes they supposedly go through feel completely unbelievable . and while much of the book focuses on how different classes do n't truly see each other , forster commits that same sin himself by ignoring the poorest family in the book , the basts . instead of making them seem real , he reduces them to mere plot devices . in addition , forster , a product of his time , is given to making sweeping pronouncements about the human race . again , if he intended some irony here ( as , for example , jane austen , who was so good at shading her prose with those kinds of hints ) , i 'd think better of this book . novels typically rely on either a solid plot ( i.e. , the stuff that 's happening ) or on solid characters ( i.e. , the stuff that happens in people 's inner lives ) or both to carry the reader through . i found neither here . at the very least i would like to feel the author 's genuine love of language ; i can forgive a bad book if it 's exceptionally written . i did n't find that kind of prose here . you can skip a good third of the pages and lose nothing
the worst book ever written about the middle east is probably joan peters ' from time immemorial ; in this book alan dershowitz not only attempts to usurp that dubious honor from peters , he also heavily plagiarizes half her book in order to do so . the man who has made a career and a fortune as a lawyer mastering the art of defending and exonerating the guilty turns his gaze onto one of the international community 's leading delinquents and most prolific violators of international human rights law , international humanitarian law and un resolutions . his defending of nation states , however , is as unconvincing as his knowledge of historical events is laughable . joan peters ' book was completely demolished and shown to be a fraud by norman finkelstein , and even the most ardent of zionists have openly admitted the book is worthless . <NUM> years after that book faded into oblivion , alan dershowitz plagiarized much of its nonsensical arguments to masquerade as a book of his own . for a full documentation of this plagiarism , see norman finkelstein 's personal website . by writing this book , dershowitz has inflicted more damage on israel than a thousand books criticizing it ever could . any neutral who would read this book would realize how shoddy the case for israel really is ; both the book and the ` case ' that dershowitz presents are nothing more than a pathetic assortment of lies , bigoted arguments , idiocies , misrepresentations and highly elaborate intellectual scams .
i really could n't wait to get this cd . i wanted so badly to like it . but - it is just too bluegrassy for me . every single song . it would be great one or two songs , but every song gets old . plus , the recording quality does n't seem that great . you can barely hear the words , and most kids want to sing along . jenny jenkins is a fun song , and shenendoah is hauntingly beautiful , but for the kids and no ! are way better cd 's
it 's sad to see a band with this much talent play a bunch of poppish songs that sound like rejects from singer/songwriters or the dixie chicks . you 'd really never know this was an irish band . i 'll be trying to unload this cd asap
it 's ridiculous that any band would even bother recording and releasing such weak bland redundant excuses for songs , but what 's especially disconcerting , yet somehow not that surprising , is that it 's coming from a band that earlier this year released an ep of perfectly decent alt-rock emo tunes . it 's not really even that i 'm mourning a lack of talent in the faux-edgy music scene , but just the complete lack of awareness or regard for the difference between a song that has an actual hook , something distinctive in it that makes you want to hear it again , and just rehashing formulas , boring basic rigid commercial conventions without even <NUM> % of variation to make it marginally interesting . these guys wrote <NUM> decent semi-interesting tunes on the ep , now on the album they just do n't care anymore , they 're just rewriting other bands songs , following formulas like it 's their job , like they never knew the difference between hooks and plodding non-melodies , as if it was just blind luck that they wrote actual songs on the ep .
i did n't like keep right album at all and i was very disappointed .
this is anything but soothing . the tone is too high pitched ; nothing like the deep bass of crashing waves along the rocky carmel coastline that i was hoping for . i did buy the twofer and got the ocean surf cd by dan gibson and found it much more relaxing , even though it is n't a tumbling surf sound . i was able to fall asleep ... which was my goal . now if i could only return ocean waves .
this music is boring . all tangos have the same tempo . no milongas . what a shame ! trying to do routines to this music would be a waste of time . this cd sounds like background music in a lounge .
i have to say that i was disappointed with this dvd . the variety of dance styles it shows is nice , but the bellydance and bollywood sections were awful . i 'm only giving it <NUM> stars because it is the only dvd i 've found so far that even touches on the flamenco style , which i 've become interested in lately
when will amazon allow a zero stars rating ? ? ? ?
lets get <NUM> fact out : iron maiden doesnt care anymore ! ! ! how can they be so brilliant with # of the beast , piece of mind & powerslave & then put out <NUM> terrible records in a row starting with x-factor ? this record is soooo boring ! i bought it based on wickerman which i found to be ok , reminiscent of the old iron maiden & then they just ran completely out of material . track <NUM> on sounds exactly the same , long boring slow tunes that never end .. going track after track , album after album . does `` dream of mirrors '' ever end ? i cant ever tell .. i just lose my attention due to its such a gd drag . then they hit me with `` thin line '' which is even less interesting than the most boring professor i had in the most boring class in my entire college career . you cant listen to the original `` iron maiden '' release & then seriously listen to this new crap & release it , unless you just dont care . obviously they dont care ! ! this record is terrible ! if they did care they would relisten to the first <NUM> or so & rethink thier efforts & either improve the sound or just end iron maiden & come out with a new band named `` too old , too tired ! '' & quit defiling the great name of `` iron maiden ''
very dissapointing . too many wildlife creature noises . if i had wanted to hear birds singing in the rain and other animal noises i would have looked for a title that matched my request . i wanted to hear rain and thunder only .
one of the most ridiculous pieces of minimalist trash out there . it just goes to show you where a lot of time , a lot of money , popular culture , and a twisted world view have landed so much of american . do n't waste your time or your money on this .
if you are a teenager or student in your early 20s and are fascinated with the big mysterious world of i-banking , this book is for you . it starts from ground zero and provides a cursory explanation of what investment banking is , along with some guidance on career paths in the field . if you are anyone else , forget it . as i struggled to maintain interest , i could n't help but be reminded of a scene from the movie `` back to school '' , where paxton whitehead plays a b-school professor lecturing his class on how to start a business and rodney dangerfield plays a veteran businessman with no formal education . as whitehead 's character is pontificating about the nuances of how global interest rates affect the construction costs that a hypnothetical business will incur , dangerfield 's character ca n't help but blurt out `` why in the world would you build when you can rent in this market for half a buck a square foot and let someone else have the headaches of property management ? '' . it quickly becomes apparent that the real-world experience of dangerfield 's character is far more useful than the off-topic theoretical knowledge of the professor . this author reminds me of whitehead 's character : thoroughly vetted in academia and obviously having zero experience in the real world , and thus having zero useful real-world insight to share with his readers . the most-cited references in the chapter bibliographies are the annual reports of the big i-banks , and the rest of the book is written at the same naieve , glossy-overview level . in summary , if you want to know what it 's like to serve in the navy , you can get yourself a copy of the navy 's glossy brochure on what navy careers are supposed to be like , or you can find a vet who 's been in the navy to tell you what it 's really like . reading this book is like reading the navy 's glossy brochure .
while i was reading american normal , i kept asking myself , why is he writing this book . someone finally asks the author the same question , and his answer is , & quot ; i do n't know. & quot ; i have a theory . osborne started out to write a book showing that as is an imaginary problem coined to put labels on eccentrics . when halfway through the book his research shows him that it 's quite a lot more than that , in fact a real syndrome completely different from just & quot ; a little eccentricity & quot ; , he is lost . he no longer knows why he is writing . he keeps mentioning drugs . there are no drugs in the treatment of as itself . he keeps metioning psychiatrists . it 's a neurological disorder , not a psychiatric disorder . he meets , casually , a few aspies , and suddenly he 's an expert . this book mostly made me angry , as it would anyone who knows someone with as . he seems often to think the whole this is a joke . after all , he 's eccentric , and he does n't have it ... worst book i 've read on autism yet . pit
the reviewer who states this book is a disappointment is dead on . i 'm a fan of blair and eagerly awaited this book 's arrival . i 'm astounded at the amount of work not represented here , especially considering the price . blair was an amazing colorist and the poor reproductions do n't do her work justice
to be honest with you i thought the movie was really bad . the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky ( rodney eastman ) was in the movie . ( for about <NUM> mins ) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting <NUM> dollars
save your money unless you truly are a fan of chicago ! the only tracks i listen to are hard habit to break and if you 're leaving now . the other tracks really did n't do anything for me . i would say that a more complete volume of `` best of '' would probably be a better choice
i read this book because i really enjoyed southgate 's the fall of rome . third girl from the left ; however , is no fall of rome . southgate attempts to create a link between three generations of women from the same family by imbuing each of them with a love film . despite her valiant attempt , the stories just do n't come together well . yes , each of the characters finds escape/ solace at the movies , but in spite of this common link , as well as the link of emotional distance between mothers/daughters , and artistic aspirations , there are too many distractions in the book to make it work well . southgate tries to cram too much into one book- a cursory look at the infamous tulsa race riots ; an exploration of black women and lesbianism/sexuality ; familial estrangement ; and the history of the blaxploitation movement in film . an entire novel could be written about any one of these topics , but to shove them altogether in one novel , gives short shrift to them all .
madacy , the company that makes this cd box set , does not include the original songs , but remakes . i bought this set because it was was cheap . cheap is exactly what i got . try the & quot ; have a nice day & quot ; series .
poor album . the song 'rocks ' is almost identical with any songs of black crowers , and even they look alike.and i ca n't believe is primal scream i 'm hearing . primal scream really has something better to do
i was disappointed with this book after reading all the rave reviews others had submitted . carolyn touched on a wide range of topics briefly , and most of her advice would be applicable to people fresh out of school , as those who have already been working for a while would have encountered those situations and found a way to manage them by now
do n't believe any positive review of this cd - there is not one track that is remotely tolerable music . this is prime , grade aaa , amateur musical trash ... if considering this cd , do yourself a favor and just flush the money down the toilet so you can skip the agrevation and the shipping costs . in the past i have given `` cd reviews '' a lot of credence ... no more ! ! ! ! this is foolishness
i like francois ozon 's swimming pool a lot . i think he has caught a very exceptional line in that movie . but under the sand is a very typical french movie which makes most people do n't want to watch one as soon as they hear it is a french movie . i finally persuaded my husband that francois ozon is different and this movie will be good , it turned out to be a nightmare , pointlessly soul strangeling movie . i would not recommend unless you are a big fun of ozon or this type of movies
i would like to know what kind of a wuss needs to use a stradegy guide for a first person shooter ! ? i mean , they 're pretty straightfoward - walk forward and kill all the bad guys you see ! how hard is that ! ? halo is an awesome game but it 's really not hard to figure out what to do ! i mean you 'd have to be a complete moron not to know what to do or where to go . it tells you more than once what to do during the game - you got that extrememly annoying cortana yacking in your ear pretty much non-stop , tellin ' ya what to do . but anyway i 'm done ranting at you wusses
i remember when this came out and as a guitar player myself , i was highly intrigued with the names involved on this project . my initial impression of april lawton was to hang up my guitar and forget the whole thing ( she is/was a damn good guitar player ) . afterwords i realized that this album is quite an embarrasment . their next release , the more acoustic in april came the dawning of the red suns is a much better effort .
reading john simon 's latest compilation of film reviews begs the question , does one have to be `` right '' to be a great critic or can simply writing cleverly and rigorously in defense of a basically incorrect critical assessment suffice ? what i have always admired about mr. simon is his unflappable way of sticking to his own view irregardless of the popular/critical consensus surrounding him . yet stanley kauffmann tended to give negative notices to many of the same films as simon while writing more sympathetically , insightfully and fairly about the works , so where does that leave simon ? out in the cold i 'm afraid . reading this latest simon book is exasperating as he snootily dismisses one great film after another ( au revoir les enfants , saving private ryan , etc . ) i finally came to the consensus that however good a writer he is , he is simply too far off the critical mark ... too often . simon has a famous reputation for been gratuitously nasty toward female actresses whom he does n't care for the looks of and that continues in this collection . as another reviewer notes , this latest collection also appears to solidify his reputation for being a homophobe too . going all the way back to his review of zefferelli 's romeo and juliet in <NUM> ( where he accuses the director of being a [ ... ] because of the nude love scenes ) to his recent review of my own private idaho which he quickly dismisses as a `` homosexual fantasy '' his reviews have had a nasty homophobic edge to them , something stanley kauffmann , pauline kael or roger ebert 's writings have never had . and the fact that he liked outrageous ! ( about a drag queen ) back in <NUM> and savage nights ( about a bisexual hiv+ frenchman ) in the <NUM> 's does n't absolve him in my mind for all the nasty remarks he 's voiced elsewhere over the years regarding `` homosexuals '' ( he never uses the word gay , it 's always `` homosexuals '' . simon 's writing is just as caustic and technically proficient as always ( and he still loves providing untranslated foreign quotes ) but all that effort is at the expense of all too often unappreciative and skewed critical views . for my money , the essential critics remain pauline kael , roger ebert , stanley kauffmann and david thomson , soon to be joined by anthony lane of the new yorker
this movie is only good for those that `` love '' alyssa milano . plot ? it is n't non-existent . it does exist but it 's a complete crap ! period . just an excuse to show skin . regarding the dvd , it 's a barebones one but picture and audio quality is as good as most new line cinema releases , anamorphic and stuff , plus it 's the best release of the movie if we compare it with releases in other regions . you wo n't be disappointed in that aspect
i expected interviews with the band and concert footage , kind of like pink floyd 's `` classic albums : making of dark side of the moon '' dvd . instead , this just has interviews with critics , fans , and people who call themselves `` experts '' on mcr . if something says `` unauthorized '' then do not buy it . hopefully , the black parade album will be better
although the book 's jacket cites a lot of flattering comments like & quot ; fascinating & quot ; and & quot ; to our pleasure , amusement ... & quot ; - unfortunately this is simply not true . the book is - for the average reader - overly scientific , dry and boring
this book is great for identifying problems that may be affecting you , it defines each problem very clearly , and there is a test in the beginning to help you figure out which problem areas are at the top of the list . it even gives examples of how these problem areas affect certain situations to clarify . the problem with this book is the advice . a lot of it is very simple , and winds up contradicting itself . some of it is not even helpful or good advice . take for example the idea that one should ignore insults , in the chapter about personalizing . it states that if you do n't consistently ignore someone who is insulting you , it 's called 'letting it get to you ' . however , it 's actually called 'letting someone walk all over you ' and a better book would advise you to learn to be assertive and tell the person to stop , the first time , and if the person does n't stop , to leave . also , at the end of the chapter , is a real problem as well . he writes a scenario with a mother who made homemade salad dressing and her son does n't like it . he then makes it sound as though it is okay for you to sit there and silently demean your own son in your head because of his personal tastes , saying stuff to yourself like he has an inability to appreciate good food , and that he is not the ultimate world judge of salad dressing worthiness ( whilst true , this would imply the mother would think that she is the ultimate world judge and is being quietly condescending ) , and that if she serves him bottled salad dressing next time and he complains , she can explain the error ( in this case his personal tastes are considered wrong ) of his ways . this right here is an extremely poor model of appropriate thought behavior ! obviously the mother in the example is a bit of a narcissist and harmfully not allowing her son to have his own personal tastes without criticism . things like this are why i refuse to give this book any review that makes it sound great . so definitely take this book with a heaping pile of salt . please do n't let it be your self-help bible . there are other ways of acting that would be much much better than the advice given in this book .
love heather graham and that is why i bought this movie . the `` explicit sex scene '' is not explicit and in fact , is not much of a sex scene . great idea and could have been a great movie . talent was there , opportuinity was there , but all wasted . totally out of reality as to how this would have gone down as well . it would be every guy 's fanatasy if the two beautiful women he was `` doing '' found out he was canoodling each of them and when they find out all they do is chew him out for not being honest about it then say , `` i know , why do n't we all three date . we can be a triple rather than a couple . '' yeah , that happened with all the women i ever dated
i watched this movie with no particular bias about wal-mart . i understand this movie is made in the same way political ads are , where they try really hard to skew the facts to make the viewer have an emotional reaction to the half of the story that is provided . i think that for most people it is highly effective , but it did n't work for me . i think this is an excellent movie to show as an example of skew , perspective , and propaganda . when they talk about the sweatshops in china and honduras i found myself -- though i dont envy the workers -- laughing at the movie . i used to live in china and i have been to many factories and the conditions that they make seem exclusive are universal over there . it is the film makers and then the ex-employees ( and they are assuming the viewers ) who are putting their cultural assumptions about how sad it is that they work so hard and get paid so little , but in other countries that is a fact of life that has nothing to do with wal-mart . that is a cultural and governmental problem within the countries where the factories exist , not only a problem with wal-mart . the movie also discuss how wal-mart employees are a burden to the government because of the fact that wal-mart pays very little and then suggests that it 's employess go on public assitance , but the truth is that is the same for the fast-food companies and everywhere else that pays minimum wage and offers little benefits . i do believe wal-mart should morally proivide their employees with more wages and provide more full-time positions , but that is a business culture that expands well past wal-mart . i am a teacher who can not work more than <NUM> hours a week so they do not have to give me benefits , but i do n't see anyone trying to make movies to ban schools .
i do n't want to spoil this movie for others and i wo n't . cache is french for hidden and alot was left hidden . why does the son suddenly do what he did ? why does he think his mother is doing what he thinks she 's doing ? i did n't care one bit about any of the charactors . this is a slow going movie with no conclusion . if you have a choice between watching this movie or watching paint dry , flip a coin . i watch international films often and usually fnd them more rewarding than most us made films . not this one .
this book is required by several women 's studies classes around the country . i feel it is too wordy and hard for many students in undergraduate programs to understand . the main issues in the book are hidden behind a large academic language that not all students understand . the points made in the book though , are valid ones
i like block and rodenbarr and have read many in the series . this one is a real letdown . recently authors appear to be having more and more problems bringing their tales to a satisfactory close . that 's true in spades in this book . at the end the author actually has bernie review what the police will say happened , what really happened , and what could have happened . it is all jumbled and unintelligible . the book ends with a classic showdown in a drawing room like some '30 's series . that 's no problem but the reader does n't really know who half the people are or why they are there . it 's just too much confusion for a story that 's pretty dull to begin with . the author does take time to praise bernie 's illegal immigrant doorman . apparently block feels that the high crime rate , astronomical high school drop out rate and appalling illigitimacy rate are nothing compaired with the joy that comes from rich manhattanites being able to find good menial help who know their place . people do n't get much dumber than upper west side liberals
i unfortunately bought <NUM> of the ramtha dvds at the same time .. this was the best of them .. the others were pure wastes of money . while this one didnt answer many questions and ramtha takes forever to make a point . if you 've seen `` what the bleep '' dont waste your time or money on these ramtha dvds .
this novel is comprised of pretty , well constructed sentences . that 's about all it is . pretty , well constructed sentences . the story itself could be interesting , after all it is a tale of multi-generational abandonment but it is told so dispassionately that it was difficult to remain interested , let alone awake . the narrator , although the main character , was so far removed , emotionally , from her own telling of the story , that you wondered why she had bothered . at time it seems that the writer was so enthralled with her own use of language that she seemed to forget that there was a story that needed to be told .
directors , actors , and all others associated with the film industry make a real effort to be cerebral . it 's understandable , as it 's a worthy goal . 99.5 % of them fail - perhaps it 's a lack of education , maybe it 's poor upbringing that has reinforced self-absorption , and it could be that the superficiality which makes them such a good fit in hollywood directly leads to this end . the only redeeming quality of the film is that it exposes human foibles ( and this is not a new concept - it 's typically an element of every movie ) . it seems that movies these days fall on either end of two extremes : telling stories of people who unrealistically do the right thing , or blathering of shallow morons who are poor subjects of empathy . this falls into the latter category . i want that hour and a half of my life back for a more worthy endeavor such as playing target practice into a trash can with a staple gun .
apparently the difference between a criminal act ( theft ) and moral redistribution of income is <NUM> ) who you steal from ( stealing from the wealthy , of course , is moral -- according to rawls and bolsheviks ) , and <NUM> ) who receives the loot ( the non-wealthy makes it moral ) , and <NUM> ) who commits the act ( the state/society , of course also makes theft moral ; example - taxation ) , and <NUM> ) your intentions ( redistribution of income ) . to look at this another way , if your neighbor breaks into your house and steals your money , that 's a crime ( unless your neighbor is poor -- which would then be moral and justice , according to rawls ' formula ) . if the community comes into your house and steals from you , it 's legal and moral justice , again , according to rawls . because , according to rawls , if , before you were born , you were to vote with everyone on how physical world society should be structured , you 'd vote to have the state guarantee that everyone was equal , or they would be compensated somehow for being born ( unjustly ) less-equal . how ? by compensating those with less by stealing from those with more . so those with more would be like oh , say ... a milk-cow who gets milked to serve those with less . so those with more would become a resource , or state-owned slaves to those with less ... because `` society '' ( the robin hoods and rawls of the world ) deemed this as moral justice . rawls does not take into account those who are willing to take on risk , entrepreneurs , students of life who work to earn an `` a '' vs. students who earn an `` f '' . he points out that many people are born into difficult situations through no fault of their own . true . but that does not implicate those within society who are born into better situations as the cause , nor are those who are born into better situations responsible for making up the difference . forcing the `` wealthier '' ones to be accountable for the unfairness within life and pay the bill is n't justice or moral . it would simply be an unjust law . some people see rawls ' theory as a blueprint for a future generation utopia ( like the bolsheviks envisioned marxism ) . i see it as an insane blueprint for slavery , and a powerful dis-incentive for earning personal reward and merit . in a sense , this book is an argument against the individual . it sees the world through a blurred lense where the author only recognizes masses of people -- he does n't recognize any individuals ( unless they were born as victims ) . curious . how do you experience life ... as a group-mind ( an oxymoron if there ever was one ) , a collective ? or as a unique , isolated , independent , individual ? there should be societal incentives to help each other . okay . but when it is forced ( theft of property always implies force ) , it is no longer an issue of morality or justice -- it 's simply a law . without personal choice being involved there is no morality as an issue , by definition . transforming advantaged individuals into mules forced to carry the burdens of the world is a definition of justice for whom ?
beef is an excellent source of protei
what really struck me on first listening to this , was the superficial resemblance to old weather report recordings ( this was before i actually got to the wr cover of `` boogie woogie waltz '' ; i subsequently listened to the original on sweetnighter , which turned out to be far superior in every way ) . part of the problem with this recording seems to be the ... musical ideas expressed on here ; subtract wayne shorter , joe zawinul , and various wr drummers ; replace them , and this is what you come up with . i almost had to turn it off when i heard those `` cheezy '' electric keyboard settings on a couple of tracks . a second listen ( i always listen at least twice before getting rid of a recording ) , confirmed my initial assessment . mr. mcbride is a monster bass player , but this was almost embarrassing ; he would have been much better off actually hooking up with shorter , zawinul , and company in a weather report revisited project . that would be really good
i returned to college to further my education this year after working as a high school chemistry and biology teacher for the last <NUM> years , and your text `` fundamentals of analytical chemistry ( with cd-rom and infotrac ) 8th edition '' is the required text that we are using for my quantitative analysis course . myself and numerous other students in the class have found ourselves completely exasperated with the text for numerous reasons . some of the reasons are as follows : <NUM> . formulas written incorrectly , while the definition/derivation is written properly right next to it , or vice versa . <NUM> . incorrect answers to the end of the chapter questions given in the back of the book . <NUM> . the end of the chapter questions will often have no previous examples shown in the chapter , or in the chapters prior to it . essentially there is no guide or basis to begin a question . <NUM> . asking for something in a way that is so convoluted that one has no idea what is being asked . <NUM> . suddenly using or asking for a term that has never been used in the book . such as asking for `` molar solubility '' ... nothing in text as to referred , nothing in the index , and nothing in the glossary . <NUM> . your solved examples within the chapter are atrocious , in that they are of virtually no use when trying to use them as a guide to the end of the chapter questions . and thank you for skipping/not showing steps or assuming things in the problems when they are shown . these are great given that one comes to consider the questions , did i make an algebraic error in solving ? was the formula given the correct one , and was it even given correctly ? did i do it correctly , and is it just the wrong answer given in the back of the text ? i have taken into consideration that i have been out of school for a while and that i may not be as sharp as i used to as far as some of the more complicated calculations , because i have not had much practice recently , however , when one is trying to learn from a book that makes it so hard to do anything with it , it makes it about as useful as a paperweight , which is about the best use i have for it now . a $ 100+ paperweight . i thought that the mistakes were due to an early edition text , but with a simple view of the front of this book one can readily see that this is the 8th edition ... the eighth edition ! one would think that after writing the same book <NUM> times , these errors and some general refinements may have taken place ; thank you for the exception to the rule . in all my years of school , i have come across many books , both used to learn from as well as ones to teach from , and i have never found a more poorly done text . we , the students and professor , have created a website solely dedicated to the errors or oddities that we have so far found in the text : needless to say , it continues to grow . i will say that it is nice to see you incorporating excel and other software into the text , which is beneficial in its use in industry and presentation . thought you might want to know ... thanks .
i had great hope -- sleep ! ! ! ! ! ! but it is just yet another book advocating abuse of the child for the ease of the parent . yes , i want sleep . no i will not sacfice my baby 's secure attachment to me , and faith in me and the world to get it . crying it out is abuse pure and simply . do n't waest your time and money -- if you think this is how to raise a child , do yourfelf and the child a favor and giv the child to someone who will care .
the topic is good but the author crams way too much reporting into the book rather than concentrating on a few chosen stories of families on the home front .
rainbow fish has colorful shiny scales . he is shamed into giving them to everyone . sounds like a communist primer
although this album is a bit more insightful and less materialistic than his previous work , with the exception of blueprint which is a classic and in a class of its own , i was n't so anxious about him coming back or this album in general . he should 've retired after blueprint if he wanted to do it while he was ontop . the black album was alot better than the blueprint2 which was one disc so-so to good and second disc made of <NUM> % filler . while this album shows a more storytelling , poet side of jay-z , it ai n't exactly his best work . actually this falls down at the bottom , right beneath his <NUM> vol <NUM> album . while his maturity as an artist has improved , his lyrical content has suffered . the first <NUM> songs are classic jay-z and the last two songs are classic hip-hop but the rest of the album in between sound more like demos of mc such & such . in my opinion , he has faltered quite a bit on this album , this is right under blueprint2 ; blueprint2 should 've never been two discs let alone be a sequel to a hip-hop classic . kingdom come has a few good moments starting with the intro and leaving at lost one , then coming back with minority report and ending altogether with beach chair , which could 've had a better song title given the point of the song . beyonce , usher & ne-yo , john legend and chrisete could 've been more utilized than singing hooks , let alone singing hooks on so-so songs . more thought could 've been put into the album to make it a <NUM> , and more could 've been covered to make it a <NUM> . but jay is starting to let his def jam position affect him .
definitely contains their great hits , however the remastering is very poor . listen to it with or without earphones and you can hear bad distortion . my vinyl recordings of these songs sound <NUM> % better
i always liked this lp , because it included some un-released studio and soundtrack recordings that had never been released before this lp first appeared in <NUM> . however , there have been a few slight changes in the cd version , which were kind of dissapointing . the song `` mama '' , which is an out-take from elvis ' movie `` girls ! girls ! girls ! , is not the 2:12 mono version from the original lp ... it is the <NUM> second , stereo version that was first included on the `` double features '' series . this shorter version was probably included because of the better sound quality and the fact that it is in stereo , although the actual reason is not quite clear . the shorter version is actually the original , the way elvis actually recorded it . the longer version is spliced from elvis ' version and the amigios version , which was probably done at the same session . this is the version that was used in the film , and elvis probably liked it enough to record a version of his own ... probably as a tribute to his mother . it is also possible that it was originally intended for the film , but never used . the other change here is with the song `` let 's forget about the stars '' . the version included on the cd is the same take as the one on the original lp ... however , the lp version included a piano track that is missing from the cd . again , the cd includes the stereo version that was included on the `` double features '' series , probably because the original lp included the song in mono . it 's possible that the master , which included the over-dubbed piano track , has been lost . still , this cd is not a complete dissapointment , because the versions of these two songs included here are still very good . my only complaint would be that this version of `` mama '' is much too short , and this lp only included <NUM> songs and had a short running time to begin with . these original camden albums on cd are selling for only about 5.99 , so at least they are not over priced , which makes them well worth purchasing . still , anyone who has waited for this cd to get the versions of these two songs as they were released on the lp will be a bit dissapointed
out of this whole cd , i could only pick about <NUM> songs that i liked . this cd is very disappointing and some of the songs were down right annoying . the best songs on here are everything part i , ii/ bow before the king and victory . past those songs , there is not much because i ca n't bear to listen to the rest . those two songs get <NUM> star each
this has got to be one of the worst , most unrealistic movies to date . i never have high expectations for lesbian flicks -- rarely are they done well . this one , however , takes it to a whole new level . what was courtney love thinking ? ! you 'll regret wasting your money on this . i ca n't even fathom why it 's gotten decent reviews so far
`` the book of j '' is an attempted restoration and critique of the original source document of the pentateuch . bloom first introduces the proposed author of this book - an original and provocative ironist , a lady of solomon 's court , who has been totally misunderstood . the next section is a translation of the reconstructed book of j by rosenberg , who has also authored a brief appendix about the translation . the following two sections include bloom 's commentary on the book of j , its narrative , personalities and themes . this is the silliest book on the hebrew bible that i have ever read . it is obnoxious , almost totally unsubstantiated , and replete with simple misunderstandings of the hebrew text . bloom 's somewhat euphemistic admissions that he is neither a historian ( <NUM> ) nor a biblical scholar ( <NUM> ) are the only parts of the book that i agree with . he mocks religious jews , christians , the `` abominable jeremiah '' ( <NUM> ) and , with particular frequency , j 's god . to the unprejudiced reader the god of the hebrew bible is majestic , awesome , and holy throughout , nothing like what bloom describes . the arrogant claim that the hebrew bible or its proposed substrate has been misunderstood for millennia by people devoted to it needs much stronger support than the speculation that bloom provides . among other things , we learn that god sits in the terebrinths of mamre eating curds ( <NUM> , <NUM> ) ( a total misreading of genesis <NUM> ) , that god loves david but not moses ( <NUM> ) ( contrary to exodus 33:11-12 and numbers 12:7 ) , that moses becomes the founder of circumcision ( <NUM> ) ( contrary to genesis <NUM> ) , and that god does n't punish moses for good reason ( <NUM> ) , without much explanation . however , we are told that traditional jewish and christian expositors are `` weak readers '' ( <NUM> ) and `` mad '' ( <NUM> ) . virtually no secondary sources are offered for the assertions made in this book , though we hear occasionally about noth , von rad and van seters , among a few others . to his credit , bloom mentions the opening words of cassuto 's commentary on genesis ( <NUM> ) , but fails to engage at all with cassuto 's stunning rebuttal of the documentary hypothesis . i recommend cassuto 's `` the documentary hypothesis '' as the perfect antidote to `` the book of j '' . not a shred of archaeological evidence is offered in support of bloom 's assertions . other literature of the ancient near east receives no treatment . the content of the pentateuch places its composition firmly in the late second millennium bce , and its style and structure parallels other ancient texts of the near east of that time - until it is mutilated and divided into its putative sources . for the relevance of this evidence to the dating and composition of the hebrew bible generally , i recommend kitchen 's monumental `` on the reliability of the old testament '' . bloom and rosenberg 's transliteration is very inconsistent , and we 're even treated to the non-existent form `` v'yhi '' ( <NUM> ) . rosenberg translates from standard editions of the masoretic text ; but i think that for a task like his a critical edition would have been better . readers looking for an introduction to theories about the composition of the hebrew bible should look elsewhere . in my opinion , the documentary hypothesis is speculative , unsubstantiated and discredited by archaeological evidence , and the hypotheses of this book add assertion to assertion , and speculation to speculation . i do not recommend it
this dvd is a huge waste of money . the whole thing is poorly put together : bad music and worse girls . just take a look at what the cover offers -- one word , busted . the first two hip hop honeys dvds justified their purchase ... this one sucks
this book should have been called `` what can you buy if you are thinking about playing with scanner '' , and it is good at that . it does not tell you much about scanning , it is more about buying equipment , and possibly software related to scanning . just think about it : there is a chapter `` where to buy '' , and a chapter `` buying on ebay '' . there is no chapter `` do this if you miss shadow detail '' , though . this book is aimed at a high school student who is doing his/her first steps with a film camera and wants to get those pictures into the computer ( is there such a person these days ? ) the book even mentions cross processing . no , it does not say what should you do if you need to scan a cross-processed film . it just says that you can process your film in the wrong developer and it will affect the image on the film . i was greatly impressed by the chapter on sending off your slides for scanning . well you definetly need a book to tell you that you can do that , and it greatly improves your scanning skills if i had a chance to look at the book at the local store i would not ever buy it . now it goes back to amazon
i 'd like to start by saying how amazing new american gospel is . then by saying what a solid follow-up as the palaces burn is . lamb of god is truly one of the best american thrash/metalcore acts . however , if you enjoy either of their first releases , i would recommend skipping this one . it 's disappointing and generic . if you 're considering buying this and do n't own the previous albums , buy them first . lamb of god is an aggressive , technically skilled band , and i really expect their next release to be a comeback after this one
more than human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas . the writing is often compared to that of faulkner but i would n't make that connection having read a few of faulkner 's works . sturgeon uses many of faulkner 's narrative trademarks ( i.e . streaming conscious , first person perspective of low iq individuals , disorienting changes in first person narrative ) but i did n't feel the net effect really compared to say something like as i lay dying . i love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously . this results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books . more than human is slow , dated and not what i would describe as genre transcending nor would i recommend it to others . so the idea might of been original in the <NUM> 's but topics like telekenesis , esp , computer-brain babies , and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before ( asimov ) and since . this book rarely set off that wow ! button in my head or kept me turning pages . this book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best . in <NUM> there were <NUM> hugo award nominees for best science fiction book ( determined in a retro hugo award ballot in <NUM> ) the retro hugo awards are fascinating because the voting ( in this example ) takes place <NUM> years later so the impact of the book on society ca n't really be ignored . besides more than human , the far superior the caves of steel , childhood 's end , and farenheit <NUM> were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi . needless to say , more than human did not win ( farenheit <NUM> did and rightfully so ) bottom line : i wanted to like this book and it does n't surprise me that others give it such high praise . these are probably people that do n't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests
this was the first book i had ever read by this author , and i can sincerely state i will not read another . the way the characters described what the others were doing in conversation was ridiculous . no one - and no one , speaks that way . it made the story feel rushed and stilted , and i am sad to say , much of the humor was lost on me . something funny being told to you is not as funny as witnessing it . i felt the situations would have been much humorous if she described what was happening instead of having her characters describe it in their dialogues . i found it offensive that the women were protrayed by the men as being silly ( something that made me wonder what it was exactly the men saw in them other then the prospect of having sex with them ) , and the abuse situations ms. coulter touched on , then so neatly wrapped up with two of the characters being so heroic was disgusting . she should have never touched on such deep subjects and solved them with more physical violence . the conclusion to this still very real problem rubbed me completely the wrong way . if she was trying to make a social statement on the issue - she failed .... miserably . reading this book was an utter loss of time . do n't bother
after a year-and-a-half wait for the corrected version ( the first run had major technical issues ) to be released in the u.s. , i finally got to sit down and watch this latest live dvd from the world 's greatest metal band ever . man , was i ever disappointed . i had heard bits here and there about how people did n't like how ( maiden bassist ) steve harris had edited the footage , but ordinarily i find it 's never as bad as people make it out to be . i was wrong . it 's that bad . the whole concert is put together with a rapid-fire pace that might be cool for a video single , but not for an entire live show . no shot is ever held for more than <NUM> or <NUM> seconds , except between songs . if you have the cd 's you know this is iron maiden in their finest live form , but on the dvd you 'd never know to look at them , because you can barely see them . the bonus stuff on disc <NUM> is pretty good if you 're a maiden diehard like me , but nothing new , really . all in all , buy the cd , stay away from the dvd , and join me in waiting not-so-patiently for a dvd release of live after death , maiden england and live at donington
what a thought provoking and creative album title.i wonder how long it took her to come up with that name ? i cant believe the trendy garbage people listen to these days.all the songs sound the same and have the same pointless lyrics to them.she cant produce , rap write or do much of anything of value.i saw this trash at tower records and it was just collecting dust.save your money and dont buy any of her worthless junk ever again.listen to some real artists like black sabbath , judas priest or iron maiden.dont forget to vote for my review
this book is geard purely for the novice . it gives little insight or insiration for change . i felt as though i was reading a text-book . if you are looking for books too & quot ; move & quot ; you on this subject read any book by geneen roth
besides committing the worst cinematic sin of being boring and self-indulgent , this bromide of a film is an utter distortion of how che guevara developed into a sadistic murderer and rapist . this yawner shows him as a spoiled medical student who helps a leper colony , but does little to explain how he became a power-hungry militant with a notorious reputation for ruthlessness . he established forced labor camps to torture and kill innocent people . in one account , a child in his guerrila unit was immediately shot without trial for having stolen some food . he helped to destroy hundreds of years of a rich cuban culture ( see `` before night falls '' to understand how the castro government stifled free speech and tortured innocent people ) . meanwhile , he was a hypocrite , living in a rich havana estate like the so-called `` capitalist oppressors '' he tried to eradicate . but do n't expect to see that story in this dull , droning film .
i have no doubt the author is well intentioned and may in fact have had some good results with the exercises outlined . however , in my years of working with borderlines in clinical settings i think many of the exercises are unnecessary and potentially damaging . many of the people with bpd i have worked with have astonishingly traumatic abuse histories and to explore self-history without the tools necessary to contain the potentially explosive and re-traumatizing emotions is foolish and even hurtful . furthermore , the author 's assertion that the client be able to say that they want to use his text in therapy and the recommendation that if the therapist objects that the client move on to another therapist is totally misguided and naive . i very much agree that it is important for clients to be able to guide their own work , but i am also highly aware of the ways people with bpd can split different providers . there are just too many genuinely therapeutic reasons to approach the author 's recommendations with caution to allow what he says to interrupt what may very well be extraordinary work between a therapist and client . i strongly suggest people look elsewhere , perhaps to the work of linehan for more appropriate and helpful interventions . if i could have , i would have given this book no stars
i have been a big fan of new found glory since `` all downhill from here '' came out . i bought catalyst and loved it , so i bought all their old albums , loved them all too . i found out new found glory had a new cd coming out ..... couldnt wait . so i go out and buy this cd the day it came out , i was that excited , i brought it home thinking `` all right , this will be awesome ! ! ! '' over the next 40-some minutes i experienced the biggest dissapointment of my life . every song was a ballad , there were no fun songs like `` hit or miss '' `` forget my name '' `` the great houdini '' `` your biggest mistake '' or even an amazingly well written song like `` no news is good news . '' i basically got a whole cd of `` i do n't wan na know '' which in my mind was new found glory 's worst song to date . i listened to this cd once , and i barely made it through to the end and when it was over , i seriously considered throwing it in the trash . this band has died , after all those years of fun and great songs , they have been destroyed . i will do my best to erase this peice from my mind so i can enjoy their old albums again
original review : i could never get the edition with the leather jacket as promised . after contacting amazon <NUM> times and sending back the same version <NUM> times without a leather jacket i gave up . even their customer service department said i would never get the correct selection . i guess what you see is n't always what you get . i 'm sure the actual movie is fine . i have n't opened it yet as i assume it is new and should n't have any scratches . maybe i should check that , too ! follow-up review : judy in customer service called me and said she made a special effort to track down a copy of grease in a leather jacket for me and i could send them back the old one in exchange . she was very kind and i give her kudos for being so involved . as promised , i got my grease in the leather jacket and my husband is impressed with his gift ! i would give this <NUM> stars now , but it would n't let me change it .
`` pet sematary two '' was directed by the same mary lambert who directed the original `` pet sematary '' and the similarities in style are clearly evident between the two movies . once again , lambert paints a disturbingly dark and morbid picture in part two of this horror movie series . basically , the plot centers around a young boy played by edward furlong who is absolutely devastated by his mother 's grisly demise ... naturally , he would do anything to get his mother back and eventually does . the basic premise behind this movie appears to be that the evil force behind the pet sematary is calling upon furlong 's character to resort to the pet sematary to bring back his mother along with some incredible evil as well . overall , the movie works a good bit like the original and while it is certainly an entertaining enough movie for horror movie fans , the sequel is not nearly as effective as the original . one strong area that the original `` pet sematary '' had was the very interesting character of jud played very well by fred gwynne ... jud 's character carries the momentum of each scene in the original and basically made `` pet sematary '' work , but we do n't have that strong character presence to make the wheels go round in this sequel , therefore the movie comes across flat . what we do have in this sequel is an average horror movie that attempts to cash in on the success of the original classic . perhaps , the characters in `` pet sematary ii '' are just weak in general ( no disrespect to clancy brown or anthony edwards ) , but something is missing here in part two of this series despite the similarities in the dark and disturbing atmosphere painted so meticulously by lambert . quite frankly , i did not like the casting of edward furlong as the main character to begin with ... i do n't know but it just left a bad taste in my mouth about this movie ... he 's such an uncharasmatic dork and his hard to sympathize with , notwithstanding the obvious limitations of his acting abilities . the bottom line is that due to the lack of quality characters present in `` pet sematary two '' , the sequel just is n't near as compelling as the original . because `` pet sematary two '' is n't anywhere near as good , nor as emotionally compelling as the original classic . indeed , one is left to wonder if a sequel was a smart move here . still , with that being said , `` pet sematary two '' is not a terrible movie and so i give it two stars which means it 's just fair or average , but i would be remiss if i did not say that i 've certainly seen a lot worse ... just check out some of my other reviews and see what i mean .
this book offers nothing to someone remotely familiar with environmental issues . it might be a mediocre read for a beginner , but if you 're already familiar with overpopulation , mismanagement of resources , etc , you will get nothing out of this book . it is incredibly repetitive and it lacks insight and depth . do n't waste your time .
this is an interesting seuss book . the moral that it is trying to portray is good , but the story is pretty lame and it does n't seem to flow as nicely as most seuss books
i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this albu
i 've read a lot of reviews for this movie stating that it is an excellent film and some even call it one of the best movies of all time . i could n't disagree more . i found this film to be a disappointment . tom hanks & period-gangster style films just do n't go together . when i see tom hanks , i see him in big .. not as a serious actor . in `` road to perdition '' hanks plays michael sullivan , a born and bred gangster in the <NUM> 's , who is forced to abandon his lifestyle when his wife and one of his sons are killed and he is forced to protect the elder son , a witness of a killing . the story does leave something to be desired . predictable and hackneyed plot , with pretty weak story development . i 'm a big fan of movies like the godfather & goodfellas but this one just plain stinks
this cd is not all that .... srry <NUM> all my girls but <NUM> tell u the truth he needs <NUM> sit down ! ! ! ! ! `` do u mind '' .... yes i do that song is borin <NUM> me ! ! if i were <NUM> like <NUM> song on there it wud b `` all because of u '' i cant lie <NUM> u i dnt like that song either i wasted money on this cd ! ! ! ! ... haha thats y i sold it <NUM> $ 13.00 no offense but its not worth it chris brown on the other hand .... thats a cd u wan na buy haha bay area stand up ! ! !
this picture had some good potential but the director tried too hard hard to make it some kind of arthouse flick . a rather pointless attempt to remake brewster 's millions with an altuistic slant . it was n't a `` bad '' movie it simply was n't a `` good '' one . boooooooring ... zzzz .. zzzz .. zzz
when i got this cd i thought it was the music from the first version and that is the main reason i bought it . its an ok cd just not my taste in music
puddle of mudd exploded into the contemporary pop/rock scene around <NUM> . this album is representative of their entire catalogue . for those music fans who want to hear true hard rock , pick up a good copy of any early led zeppelin or black sabbath . for anyone wanting true grunge , pick up any copy of an alice in chains , soundgarden , or nirvana album . puddle of mudd shamelessly ( and inaccurately ) self-promotes their band/sound as both hard-rock and grunge , while living up to neither . since most of their fans seem to be pretty young , they 've been able to pull this sham off , mainly because their audience has never been exposed to any of the aforementioned bands ... and honestly has no desire to listen to any older music . the songs on this album are extremely redundant , with little variation of riffs or overall aesthetics from one track to the next . the lyrics are horribly compiled to offer nothing more than a vocal rhythm and subpar content . this album is a waste of both time and money for anyone interested in listening to any worthwhile rock
these old movies are best kept in your memory . when you rewatch them , it becomes so clear that they 're like ancient history . weirdly , <NUM> 's movies are more dated than those of the <NUM> 's . what was going on in that decade that caused people to make heroes of anti-heroes that are litttle more than dirty criminals ? the only redeeming part of the film is the setting in the cajon pass before the rampage of urbanization that is quickly destroying it
this movie was so boring and slow moving that we turned it off after <NUM> minutes . not recommended as it was too boring
oh please save me from these boy bands . there are way too many boybands out now . and who is the world is c-note . they arent even famous and nobody even knows who they are . n-e-ways they dont sound good at all and im glad i didnt waste my money by buying this cd . so if you really want to listen to a boy band go and listen to nsync , backstreet boys , or <NUM> degrees cause at least they know how to sing
i gave this a good listen , but did not find it all that funny ... or memorable
i was very disappointed with this product ... be warned this is not the movies it is only the special features of them
even though he is the general manager of the dipset crew and directs videoes as well behind the camera , why does he want to rap anyway ? , your paid , jim not everybody can do it but i applaud your efforts though im not going to knock that whats so ever , it takes a lot of guts to put yourself out there like that , anyway i liked the `` miami joint '' with trey , dam i hope his next album is way better , because his pipes are through the roof to waste on wack songs , there 's a few ipod worthy tracks but the key word is `` few `` enough said ( out
a well-acted , well-portrayed , sickening , overt example of an adult whose sole desire for a child is based on getting that child to meet his own selfish needs . he has little or no love for the child based on who the child is in her core , and sends her the basic message that she does not count as a human being aside from being an object to gratify him . if the child does not mold to his expectations and desires she gets rejected , and this is the horrible tension of the movie . although the movie has some twists and turns that shake things up , the man 's character never develops much in a satisfying way , and nor do the basic themes of adult selfishness and cultural repression . as such the movie is essentially non-redemptive , and portrays a sad and tragic side of humanity . although this movie is set in an outer province on china in the 1930s , it 's actually a good metaphor for western culture , much as western cultural norms do not allow parents to exploit their children so overtly ..
hi , i purchased this book , and found out i had wasted my money ( by my own fault , i will admit ) . there is nothing in this book that is useful . dissappointing ...
gosh , maybe i should n't review this book , but then - any book that i bring home that is so difficult to follow that i just could n't finish it probably deserves one star . while the subject matter was of great interest to me , the writing style was not a comfortable read . i was constantly trying to remember who was who , what time period it had just jumped to and then jumped to again and , worst of all , the flow of the words was simply missing . hard to pinpoint the problem , but by page <NUM> i was so confused and frustrated , not entertained , and wondering why i was working so hard to read it when i had a stack of other promising new works waiting . ( now i 'm readin ' a long way down ' by nick hornby and was mesmerized from the first page . a perfect example of a well-structured story that just glides from page to thought-provoking page . my full review to be posted shortly .
in the 1970s and 1980s i bought most of the ecm catalog as albums were released . this was the first one i actually hated . i also hated jan garbarek 's & quot ; afric pepperbird & quot ; but was already a garbarek fan from & quot ; dansere & quot ; and & quot ; witchi-tai-to & quot ; and if i had listened to & quot ; afric pepperbird & quot ; first , i might never have bought other garbarek albums , as i have never purchased another stanko recording . it is common to comment on a trumpet player 's technique , but stanko has none upon which to comment . for reference , my preferred trumpeters are kenny wheeler and roy hargrove
the documentary is one of the few that fidel castro will allow to show on the communist cuban television . it shows the negative side of the balseros immigrants . completely pessimist and intentional depressing and some times it make fun about cubans . no a good example . the director picked a very poor town were everybody is black and unlettered . the other ninety percent of the rafter or balseros , not showed on this documentary of course , are mostly white , blue collar worker , professionals , and artists . i see then all the time . why this documentary does n't show to the world that cuban is the minority more represented on the highest levels of the united stated government . balseros that came here to work hard , learn the language , make money without selling drugs . it is the type of material that makes happy those that use to ware che gevara tee-shirt . i am sorry about my english , i am just a balsero that came here eight years ago and now i am american citizen , own a hause , have my own insurance business and most at all , i am free and proud to be a cuban balsero
first of all , jump is too good of a track . i still have n't heard the rest of this cd because i just put jump on repeat and rap at the top of my lungs on my <NUM> minute commute . it ends up being about <NUM> times each way to work and if i 'm at a long light , i look a little nuts for rapping to the song twice , but like i 've always told people , if yelling a rap song by <NUM> year olds at the top of your lungs is wrong , i do n't want to be in prison . the other problem i have with this thing is that if you try to be like kriss cross , you ca n't hold a job . if you are a true kriss krosser , you braid your hair and wear your clothes backwards . i got a job with a bank when i graduated from the u of phoenix and i showed up on my first day with my suit on backwards . i started getting a bunch of customer complaints and they would call my manager , mr. gingercrap , up to tell me they had a problem with my attire . little did they know that i wired the intercom system to play jump by the rap kings . i just pushed play and got on the drive thru teller mic and busted a groove in my reverse suit . i got fired . well , after getting fired six other times from places like burger king , jiffy lube , ted pants shack , jorks and microsubs i decided to be a roller rink cop . i make kids leave the floor if they skate too fast . if they resist my orders , i have a tazer that i use without hesitation . i usually whisper for them to leave the rink so they say they ca n't hear me . stop ! tazer time ! ! they do n't care how i dress and pay me like <NUM> buks an hour . yup , i 'm at another level
a reggae musician begins to deal drugs for a drug kingpin so he could get the money for studio time . has a decent plot , but most of the acting is n't good , and most of the characters were just cliched charcters that you 'd usually see a jamaican actor play . i do agree that there is quite a bit of things to laugh at when watching this movie . not the worst of its kind , but , i do n't think its really worth buying
i usually enjoy his books , even though they are formulaic , but this one was so thin in plot it was sad . it was obvious from the get go who the bad guys were . of course there was the usual requisite sex scenes , even these were thin . the dialogues were stilted . there was no character building if per chance you had n't read his other books . i agree with the reviewer who said this must have been a churn book . i do n't usually write reviews , but felt compelled to comment on this boo
on tuesday november <NUM> , <NUM> i had just come home from a scout meeting , and i turned on the television , and not knowing what was on my father got all hyper , and told me to turn it off , and i did n't even know the name of this . i looked it up in the tv guide later on , and unfortunately , due to the fact that i was still shaken up by the other night i did n't dare share the name due to the fact i 'd get a sermon . i was at a crucial age in my life where i was <NUM> where i had desires for girls , but emotionally i was not prepared for them . i can understand the fact that it 's a morally bankrupt film , and was capturing the fact of the free-sexual revolution , but i do n't see the connection considering that it was always burning since the world 's been turning , but our parents put thier hands over thier ears if we were to tell them that . i guess looking back my parents argument is `` there 's a time and place for everything '' , but guess what that would 've been a perfect time to help me understand . i know that a few months later that i brought it up to my aunt who 's a committed christian , and she paled , which led up to the sermon , and to be honest i felt like i could n't win . i feel with this movie i had to not let it go until i got to see it because it was important for me to see it in it 's entirety , and i did n't get to see this until i was <NUM> , and i brought it back up to my parents as my father 's friend had just opened a video store in cherry hill , nj. , and the battle started again . i have felt like a eunich i did n't get to watch this movie all this time , and when i did i found it rather appealling , and now wanted to add it to my collection i was getting flack as i actually bought the blank video , and tried to get it copied onto the videotape . looking back i would 've been better off just buying it , but i know i have to wonder if i would 've come to same conclusion . i got the tape finally when i was <NUM> years old , and watched it once , and since then i lost the appeal . i saw it from a different light that my college professor was showing it from . i did n't focus on the colors , or the scene where ben was looking into the goldfish bowl after being dumped by elaine , and thrown out of a campus because of the fact that mrs. robinson took away ben 's virginity , and this was when ben was trying to get together with elaine . i found this to be coincidental , but rather truthful when i had a woman make a phone call one night when i was working in a convience store , and it was a rather seductive one , and then the woman just turned it off when i finally met her kind of like mrs. robinson doing it to ben , and especially when he was in too deep . the fact that this happened could 've been an alternative lesson my father could 've taught me if he did n't want to talk about the sexual nature . with this mindset i do n't own this anymore , and have no inclination , or intention of owning it again . i ca n't honestly say if i bought the tape instead of waiting for the blank copy that it would 've made a difference . i feel that once i saw the fact that mrs. robinson made a blank promise to make ben happy for the rest of his life it just ruined it for me . this is where the sexual revolution tone takes over as no one would 've ever suspected a woman would be a seducer because men are supposed to , or it 's implied that it 's a man 's job to have an affair , but that 's the world 's standard , and morally it 's wrong for either side to cheat on one another . it left me feeling that i was n't worth the time to talk about this movie to , and about the way the relationships in the movie , and made to feel dirty because i wanted to know , and angry that i had to repress myself , and my feelings , and my character to fit this model that pleased my family . i just feel that it was more worth if you are really wanting to see this movie just buy it , and not worry about your parents helping you . mind you it is a pg rating , so anyone <NUM> and under not without a parent .
mack <NUM> could n't do it twice . his first album is tight , but this one lacks good beats . also , his rapping style is too lame to carry the off beats . the only way could have saved the album is if he would have had alot of guest rappers and producers
which ones the movie with the naked blond chick on the cover
i 'm appalled this cd is still in print using the same horrid transfers sony made in <NUM> . the major label philosophy at that time was , `` eliminate any and all trace of hiss or crackle from the original <NUM> , no matter if it totally kills the music in the process . '' great progress has been made since that time in the development of technology to transfer 78s without destroying the music , but has sony bothered to create a new remaster ? no . they are still pressing new cds from the original <NUM> transfers and they sound horrid . save your money , i beg of you , and wait for somebody to do this material correctly . this release is a disgrace .
not a great film by any means , but mildly diverting . however , all credibility is lost in one key scene . j. lee thompson , director of guns of navarone and the original cape fear is amazing example of a man whose considerble skills deteriorated over time . this one is ok , but he degernerated even further in his later collaborations with bronson . the film lost it for me during a scene where the assorted characters are making an exchange of goods in a drive-in movie . the marquee says something like `` western double feature '' and if you look at the screen , it 's the same <NUM> second loop of a cattle stampede . so the other moviegoers drove in not knowing the names of the movies they were seeing and were staring at the same <NUM> seconds of film run over and over again . i know from fond memories that drive-ins were make-out hangouts back in the day and we did n't always focus on the movie , but this is ridiculous
`` con express '' has lots of action in it , which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters . unfortunately , the action is n't enough , and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs , the audience is tempted to doze off . city heat productions is n't really known for producing films of the highest quality , so usually i go easy on them . if this were a big-budget company producing this , i 'd be inclined to pan it entirely . but i was n't expecting much and got a little more than i bargained for . the action is , for the most part , pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie . flanery and vosloo are perfectly casted , but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie . vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals . the film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like under siege <NUM> , con air , spy game , and speed . if you liked those , you probably wo n't mind this one too much . just go easy on it
faith hill has been known ( both celebrated and criticized ) for testing the waters . she has never `` played it safe '' ... until now . first of all , this disc seems like a poor defense and/or apology for `` cry '' . `` cry '' was a great album . it may not have been commercially successful , but it was a very personal album . amy grant also had this issue . `` lead me on '' , though not her most commercially successful , was her most intimate and personal album . kudos for baring your soul . this is the function of an artist . as for `` fireflies '' , most of the music and song selection seems geared at making sure faith hill gets played on country radio . still wounded from being eaten alive by critics who disliked `` cry '' , faith has decided to duck back into the 'safety zone ' and win back her conservative country audience . the only problem i have with that is that faith hill shines best when she pushes the envelope ; when she goes out on a limb and tries something distinctive that stands out . nothing on this cd stand out . if the songwriting is at all great , ( as with the title track , stealing kisses , and if you ask ) the vocals fall short of emotional depth . i understand that faith is a lot older now , and she has to compete with vocal powerhouses like carrie underwood , and songwriting geniuses like miranda lambert , but it seems gone are the days of `` this kiss '' and `` breathe '' . however ... faith hill is facing a double dose of dilemnas : `` fireflies '' is not selling as well as `` breathe '' and `` faith '' did , and more importantly , her country audience still is n't quite impressed with the `` i-dyed-my-hair-and-hillbilly'd-up-for-you '' image that faith has unveiled
they said the cd was new . that it was still in its shrink wrap and everything . instead , they sent me an old , delaphadated and used cd . it had many scratches on it , and one of the tracks wouldnt even play
in the short story collection night shift , mr.king gave us some of his best short stories and spawned at least <NUM> movies that i know of ( this mess , trucks ( twice once by king as `` maximam overdrive '' and once as a t.v . movie ) , night surf , the boogyman ( not the new one ) , graveyard shift , the mangler , and maybe more and not one has been done right ! this one misses by a mile as it tells of the cult of kids who kill all the adults in a town and serve `` he who walks behind the rows '' more like `` we steped in something behind the rows '' and we steped in this flameing piece of junk ! ! ! skip it ! ! ! ! ! !
i wish mr. sparks would find the voice he wrote with in his earlier novels . that flow and voice i understood so well . at first sight felt like i was reading a deadline novel . just words , no insight , did n't make this reader think at all . sorry , just the way i read it .
first , i did not rate this poorly by comparing it to the original . i looked at this as its own movie and did not think of it as a remake . also , unlike many reviewers , i had no problem with the fact that the humans talked yet were still oppressed and not fighting back . the majority of humans in the history of our planet have been oppressed and afraid to fight back . american culture and freedom is not the historical norm . that said , i was not thrilled with the overall plot of the movie , nor the quality of the acting , though the special effects were pretty good , imho . the theme , however , that struck me as most rememorable in this movie , and caused me to drop an otherwise <NUM> to a <NUM> ( or less ) , is the one in which the deeply rooted beliefs that the apes held are so easily stripped away . as our `` hero '' encourages the friendly girl ape to come with him to see something amasing that will change her world ( forgive my not remembering their names ) , it is portrayed in a manner that what he is doing is good and noble and something we should all be grateful for , even though what he is showing her is intended to bring all her previously held beliefs crashing down . then there 's the second-in-command ape who is very devoted to their ape religion , yet the moment he enters the spaceship , he instantly comes to believe that everything he had previously held sacred is a lie - just like that . i could n't help feel as if the movie were trying to say to the audience , `` hey , have n't you heard of that guy darwin ? yeah ? then why do you still believe in that silly god person of yours ? '' this movie , i believe did try to touch an issue of the day , secularism verus religion . the movie , it seems , coming down heavily on the side of secularism
it would have been better to label it `` best of mannheim steamroller christmas '' than this misleading title . it is just a rehash of selections from their previous albums ; all of which i already have so this was a waste of $ <NUM> cause stores wo n't take back opened cd 's . ( anybody got a shrinkwrap machine handy ? ? )
concerning the dvd : yet another mgm quickie , containing the film in its correct 1.66:1 aspect ratio with some nicely restored video elements . the footage from other films that was edited in looks poor . the 2.0 mono soundtrack is in good shape . there are basic subtitles in french and spanish , scene selections as well as a beat-up trailer . concerning the film : ( from my website , www.angelfire.com/film/eurowar ) the always-overrated david mccallum is one of the few good things in this low-budget world war ii adventure piece , yet another quickie from oakmont films . sometime prior to d-day - probably early '44 or '43 - a mosquito squadron is sent to bomb a v-1 rocket installation in france , when squadron leader scott ( david buck ) is shot down and presumed dead . his second-in-command , quint munroe ( who just happens to be like a life-long brother to him ) has to return to england and tell his beautiful blonde wife ( suzanne neve ) the sad news . as one would expect , munroe and mrs. scott slowly fall in love . but when munroe is chosen to lead a mission to bomb a new v-3 development center , things will chance quite a bit - because scott is a prisoner held at the target fortress ! from start to finish , `` mosquito squadron '' is a total hack-job - literally . the story is filled with enough contrivances and clichs to drive any mildly serious critic mad . let us take a brief look at a <NUM> film entitled `` <NUM> squadron '' . in said film , a squadron commander has a best friend shot down over norway , and falls in love with his sister . later on , he is assigned to bomb the fortress where his friend is being held . sound familiar ? and that 's not all our title film steals ! virtually all of the aerial battle footage is directly lifted from `` <NUM> squadron '' , while the new footage is comprised almost entirely of horrible-looking miniatures hanging from far-too-visible wires . the writers have also directly copied another classic war film , `` the dam busters '' . the feasibility of munroe 's mission revolves around a bouncing bomb , which will skip along the ground and roll into an open tunnel leading to the v-3 rockets . ( i wo n't even mention how convenient it was to leave a big open tunnel to drop a bomb into ) . the real bouncing bomb ( made famous in <NUM> 's `` the dam busters '' ) was designed to skip on water to destroy nazi dams - not the ground as is seen here ! the idea of dropping a bouncing bomb on the ground is , simply , ludicrous and impossible . introduction of this concept kills the storyline immediately . the low budget shows up in every action sequence : the french resistance force is comprised of a half-dozen men in berets carrying sten guns , and only a handful of german guards enforce security at the `` fortress '' . the forests are obviously cheaply furnished soundstages , and a face-off with an imitation german `` tank '' is ludicrously shot . we never really see much of the german-held chateau , and when we do it never looks as though we 're inside some high-tech development center a la `` operation crossbow '' . the scenes set in england fare somewhat better , with some excellent scenes set at airfields and a rather rowdy officer 's club . david mccallum and the cast of little-known english actors do a fair job , even though the no-frills script does n't give them much to do . mccallum is a fair actor , nowhere near as great as his fans hail him to be , though . he was better suited for television than cinema , and that comes out in every scene . he often looks uncomfortable and awkward , but delivers his often banal dialog convincingly and with conviction . his scenes with neve are often touching , even though audiences have seen this dozens of times before . there are n't any other actors worth mention among the ensemble , besides perhaps charles gray who would go on to play blofeld in the james bond film `` diamonds are forever '' a few years later . oakmont productions financed a number of cheap british war films in the late 1960s and early 1970s : `` attack on the iron coast '' , `` hell boats '' , `` the last escape '' and `` the one thousand plane raid '' among them . these quickies were best suited for tv viewing instead of theatrical release , but united artists picked them all up and put them on the big screen . anyone expecting a classic here - or in any of the aforementioned pieces for that matter - is in for a big disappointment . check out `` <NUM> squadron '' instead .
i can not get thru this one . i started fast-forwarding but there did n't appear to have any good spots . when i saw that christian cammpbell was in this , i thought , this has to be good . i had just finished a movie where he starred . ca n't remember the name of it . i guess a person should never buy a movie because of who stars in it . tori spelling is well known , but not to me . someone should have put her out of her misery right from the start . she does not play a flake very well , and i do n't know what to call her except a flake . i stopped this dvd in about the first 1/2 hour and will go back and give it another shot , but with tori spelling as one of the leads , i already know this one does not have a prayer . i would say ; save your money on this one unless you are under 13. i have a ton of straight and gay movies that tell a story and a couple or few that do n't . this one falls into this category . one that came with this one was `` the broken hearts club '' and while not my cup of tea it was far superior to this piece of garbage .
this cd was uttely boring it sounded like dianne did n't even care that she was singing . it was a disappointment to me becuase she usually is pretty excting . i felt like she did n't do enough to make this cd perfect . i mean if it was just a regualar person putting out their very first cd , it would n't sound like this , becuase it would n't sell ! okay so , i have to give it <NUM> stars becuase at times it sounds relazing and nice , but then i think that every christmas cd should be as excting as christmas really is
some stories date really badly , and this film based on a major broadway hit of a few years before is one . all the social satire of looking back is predicated on a 1970s pov , and that view is in itself so skewed that practically none of it is either funny or relevant . decent enough work by alan alda and ellen burstyn , but the writing and directing cant be compensated for .
overall , an 'ok ' read , but teaches human sexuality as though his audience was a grade-six sex education class as rather than mature-minded adults . this book is extremely simplistic and vague , and tends to lean towards a more dellusional depiction of human sexuality , often confining it to the contexts of outmodded biblical principles and male-dominated patriarchy . lacking modern approach and intimate sensuality , i would sincerely hope that this book is not a reflection of poor tim 's seemingly mechanical sex life ! ! i would not recommend this book unless you are totally ignorant and clueless about what sex is all about . i would suggest looking elsewhere for a more relevant guide to sexual intimacy
i could n't even begin to count all the things stanley coren gets wrong in the intelligence of dogs . for instance , in one section he claims that dogs have the ability to do math but in another part of the book he claims they ca n't tell the difference between a tug toy and human skin . the first is clearly way beyond a dog 's capacity , while the second is something which comes totally natural to them . how did coren get things so backwards ? and the `` intelligence '' tests he provides have nothing to do with intelligence but in how focused or driven a dog is to do the test ( or game ) while you 're doing it . for instance , i tried one of the tests with my dog by putting a piece of food under a towel , then waited to see how long it took him to find the treat . i 'd still be waiting if i had n't decided he 'd never look under that towel . then i tried the same game by teasing my dog with one of his favorite toys . then i hid it under the towel , and it took him less than a second to get that toy . so my dog is apparently both on the smarter and dumber ends of coren 's intelligence spectrum . ( this is just one example , by the way : the whole idea of testing a dog 's iq like this is bogus . ) and do n't get me started on coren 's pedantic retelling of the alpha myth . granted , he wrote this book before the latest research on wild wolf packs proved that there 's no such thing as a dominance hierarchy , or an alpha wolf , or the rest of that alpha nonsense . though , i doubt if even that data would change coren 's mind . after all , he seriously recommends rolling your dog over on its back every day and pulling one of the animal 's hind legs in the air to create a posture which supposedly `` signifies submission to the pack leader . '' ( really ? dogs use `` signifiers '' now ? ) the funny thing is , shortly after reading that passage i saw a wolf documentary on tv and the papa wolf did the exact opposite or what coren recommends ! he rolled over on his back and let the pups jump on top of him and bite his nose ! they loved it ! so i tried what the papa wolf did with his pups with my dog -- an alpha male , if there ever was one -- and he loved it . and later that night , on our last walk , he was ten times as obedient to me than he had been before i 'd mimicked the papa wolf 's behavior . again , coren had everything exactly backwards to reality . this `` through the looking glass '' quality persists throughout the book , with coren even saying that dogs are capable of hypothetical , symbolic , and conceptual thinking . wha .. ? i 'm sorry . i love dogs and i think they have wonderful abilities that should be honored and respected , but the abilities they do have are geared for being a dog , not a mini-me with four legs and a tail . for one thing , fully one third of a dog 's brain is devoted to processing olfactory information , and none to processing symbols and concepts . i think coren needs to do a little more research on comparative neuroanatomy and actual wolf behavior before he makes more ridiculous claims like the ones he made in this inane book .
are you kidding me ? this is nothing more than a vhs to dvd transfer and it looks awful . it 's a complete travesty . 'extreme prejudice ' is one of the most underrated action flicks of the late eighties . a wonderful homage to peckinpah that deserves better treatment than this piece of garbage . oh , and the cover art sucks too
from the live disc , astronomy domine is the strongest selection but is marred by a poor original recording and thoughtless transfer to disc . the bass track is almost nonexistent robbing this song of its thunder . the other three tracks are good , not great , performances of what are perhaps their first important post-syd barret compositions . they are definitely not the band they used to be . the studio disc is a mess . the first part of david gilmour 's suite is the best bit , some nice blues guitar . like disc one , disc two sounds muddy . my overall impression is that the band was in the process of just starting to grow out of their psychedelic jam band britches but had n't yet figured out what to put on next . live disc=3 stars ; studio disc=1 star ; net rating=2 stars
a missed opportunity by bruce springsteen to produce live box-set two . unlike `` live <NUM> to <NUM> '' , he could of balanced the ledger from his first live project with a much better selection from the final ten shows at madison square garden <NUM> . at this stage in his career it would not be important to master a selection of live takes from different dates and venues . instead , a vast repertoire of his music was performed at this one venue , according to the set lists of these ten shows . if bruce saw this and implemented it , this could have set the record straight with his fans and the bootleggers . a fan 's dream i suppose . otherwise a poor live cd capitalizing on the margin of time it took to release the much better dvd product . it is obvious that some of the most important live songs were included as an afterthought . i have no problem with bruce 's politics but i am disappointed with the quality of his recent releases on cd . in the end , this is what matters most to me as a fan of the boss .
the <NUM> thatrical release tells the true but much abridged story of billy mills , the oglala sioux who came from obscurity to win the 10,000 meter race in the <NUM> tokyo olympics . the core of the movie focuses on mills 's stint as a student and runner at the university of kansas , facing the overt racism of his teammates and the white community , and his personal conflict with his coach , played by pat hingle , over mills 's racing style . the racing scenes are some of the best on film ( if you overlook the out of place football field at the olympics ) , and `` running brave '' rises above the level of the other sports hero genre and other racing films . i have given this dvd a 1-star rating because it is not the theatrical release , but the version that was re-edited for broadcast tv . ( the movie was released as pg . this version , as noted on the dvd box , is rated g. ) several key scenes have been deleted , watering-down or eliminating much of the conflict . this dvd uses a 4:3 ( tv ) aspect ration , not the theatrical widescreen presentation . quality of the video transfer is very poor .
holy moley . this thing sucked rancid twinkies through a hot garden hose . even * if * you could get past the editing , there 's the lighting . even * if * you could get past the lighting , there 's the problem with the audio being disastrously out of sync with the video ( even in the first scene , when the flute player did n't even come close to keying with the notes ... and on and on and on ) . even * if * you got past the editing , lighting , and sync problems , you 're still left with a bizarre egomaniac throwing himself around on stage . no matter how good you think he is ( and i do agree he 's quite talented ) it 's obvious that flatley thinks he 's even better . at the expense of the story , the cohesion , and at the expense of the viewers enjoyment , he 's out to show how awesome he is . which tells me that other than dancing , he does n't have a lot going for him . he kind of reminds me of mighty mouse ... chest puffed out ... `` here i come to save the dayyyyyy ! ! ! '' i 'll tell you what to save ... save your money , put it as the very very last item on your internet dvd rental queue , and hope you never get to it
this is actually an excellent introduction to short term trading . everything is well explained and pleasantly written . day trading <NUM> . however , it 's not really marketed as that , so it gets <NUM> stars . if you read this book and much of it is a revelation , you need to spend the next 4-6 months doing research , reading , and paper trading . if you were to start trading based on what 's in this book you would lose your shirt . it 's akin to a book on football that explaines the field , how far apart the lines are , where the end zone is , who the players are , what the positions do , what a pass is , the three things that can happen when you pass , etc . it would even have a few basic plays , the `` long pass '' , `` student body right '' , etc . everything you need to know about football , except how to actually play and win . basic , well explained information is what this book has . and if you 're just getting into trading it 's a worthwhile read . it 'll give you a foundation that will help you understand more advanced books like secrets of an underground trader or technical analysis of the financial market ( murphy ) . but even the lack of advanced technical stuff is not really a strike against toni 's book . the technical books really are just research books for helping you design your own system . they are practically outdated as soon as they come out and even if they 're not , it 's a dangerous thing to rely on someone else 's system . you need to design a system that you can trade and you 're comfortable trading . if you ca n't do this , no book can help you . which leads to the main reason i gave the book <NUM> stars . lack of any real discussion of trading psychology . the book you need to buy if you 're going to trade is reminiscences of a stock operator . it 's <NUM> years old and explains the mentality of trading as well as any book out there . the psychology of risk is another good book . understanding what it takes to trade and determining if you have that is critical . as is understanding if you can make split second decisions when it 's $ 40k of your own money on the line . toni devotes a few pages to it , including a silly 'psychology quiz ' which is probably the same quiz they use in the back of cosmo to determine whether you 're an agressive lover or a passive one . she also devotes a page at the end of each chapter to 'self-help ' tips . it 's true that you ca n't design a system for yourself if you do n't know yourself , so these are helpful . at the end of the day tho , they wo n't explain what it takes mentally to be a trader . personally , i find yoga to be a good way to clear my head in the morning and get focused . but it 's a means to end . not the end itself . such are the self-help tips in the book . if you do n't know what you 're trying to achieve , they are only so useful . so if you 've read several books on trading you can skip this . there are much more advanced books out there . if you 're new to trading and are looking for a well written book explaining the basics and a bit more , this is worth the money . but it 's not a classic or something you 'll find yourself referring to as the years go by
garbage . they tweaked it in every place that did n't need tweaking . straker is no longer bald , matt burke is no longer caucasion , and now he 's gay . the bus driver is now a vietnam vet instead of korea . in this adaptation , ben mears was the kid who found the bodies of hubie marsten and his wife . the story begins in winter instead of late summer . ralphie glick does n't just go missing , he 's drowned in an icey pond . instead of ben mears coming to town and finding the marsten house already sold , crockett has already promised it to mears , but now he 's renegged and sold it out from under him . i do n't see the point . they did n't just change the story , they did n't leave anything intact . it 's bad . it 's unwatchable , especially if you loved the book . none of the characters have maine accents ... hmm . could it have been filmed in ... oh i dunno ... australia perhaps ?
loren michels ruins most things he touches . they left out the `` hot tub '' sketch , where eddie play 's as the late , great james brown . it may be one of the most funny sketches in the history of television ! ! ! ! i could see that thing <NUM> times and i would still laugh as hard as the first time seeing it ! i stand buy the greatness of that sketch , snl was riding the eddie murphy thing all the way to the bank ( the show would most likley been canceled , in my opinion , the show was unwatchable without him an piscapo teamed up ) . then to make this thing worse is that the vhs version had zero gumby sketches in it ( still great without it thought ) . i see they have a gumby sketch in the dvd version , i think `` oh , cool , a gumby dammit segment '' , but it ends up being one of the lamest one 's around . what , they did n't want to pay piscapo the royalties for showing the one where gumby goes on letterman ( piscapo as letterman ) ? do everyone a favor and do n't purchase this watered down version .... delirious just came out . get that instead . that is garunteed to make u laugh ! this dvd .... meeeeh !
do n't buy this album . you would have to have pretty drab music taste to like this generic , emotionless , tired , garbage . merkin dream is clearly ripping off any worthwhile downtempo group that they find fitting ( ie . massive attack , air , everything but the girl ) , plus there is no vocal talent in the <NUM> songs they actually sing in . someone thought track <NUM> was funny or cute because a robotic voice says , `` does my hard drive turn you on ? '' what is wrong with you people ? if you want decent robo-pop music , try kraftwerk , figurine , or even ladytron . my advice to merkin dream is to stop making music because you 're brainwashing poor children out there into thinking you 're something good
it is quite an honor to review this book , which was promoted by fidel castro . are you guys kidding ? or is & quot ; the left & quot ; peopled by idiots
this book is good if you want to be warned over and over to wash your hands ! if you are looking for the difference between viruses and bacteria , actual scientific references or interesting facts about how germs and bacteria live , reproduce and colonize us - look elsewhere . this book was too preachy and did n't have enough information for anyone with a genuine interest in biology , human physiology , or health .
i can only agree with those other viewers who found major gaps & omissions in the `` documentary '' . no mention of michael ritchie or john boorman that i could see . but lots of footage of `` hot '' & `` trendy '' folks like mazursky , avildsen & hopper . even the bit of commentary from friedkin , altman & coppola that might have given this effort some real substance is too slight & superficial to matter . it 's stuff you 've read or heard a thousand times before . too bad . they really blew it
<NUM> stars only because rhino used single version and not the original long version . why do they do this ? when i read a book i read all of it not just part of it , the same is true with a song .
this is just a really bad book . first i blame james patterson , but i really really blame his editor . what editor worth his salt would allow this mess to be published ? the villains are so grotesque as to be almost cartoon villains . just - over the top . the plot line is unbelievable . aside from alex cross and the two villains , nobody in this book gets more than a few pages before they disappear forever . alex cross spends more time eating meals than using the resources of the fbi to foil the villains . this is supposed to be one of those `` the villains have given us a deadline before they blow up the world '' type thriller but - there 's no sense of urgency , and the law-enforcement agencies on the case are poorly sketched , and inept ( but not deliberately written that way ) . i could go on and on but it 's not worth the words . this book is really a waste of time . i ca n't believe anybody published it
i would rate this piece of film trash a `` <NUM> '' , but unfortunately , that is not an available option . this stupid movie did not start the scene , but it did contribute to it . this review is to all of you ghetto monkey morons who think that because you have ground effects and an obnoxious sounding muffler , that somehow you have transformed yourselves into mario andretti and a ferrari ; i have some astounding news for you , the average citizen thinks you are an idiot with a license , and should be barred from ever contributing to the human populus . no one is impressed with your driving antics that endanger the rest of us on the roads and highways . in fact , everytime i read that one of you idiots died in a tragic accident due to your own ignorance and lack of driving skills , i actually celebrate with my friends , and we relieve ourselves on the grave , because there is one less stupid person on the road . do the rest of the world a favor , save your money , do n't make your car look stupid and ghetto , which in return , makes you look stupid and ghetto , learn how to drive safely , turn your hat around ( facing forward ) , pick up your retarded looking baggy pants , put a belt on , and hide your underwear , ( that no one wants to see , but laughs at you while you walk past ) and speak a normal language that includes words besides `` dawg '' and other non-understandable neanderthal sounds that clearly indicate your lack of education and stupidity
with all due respect to different tastes , i found five deadly venoms lethally boring . i thought the dialog was trite and incoherent , the humor lame and predictable , the martial arts stunts and display average to bad . the plot lack subtlety , imagination or surprise and although some of the sets and costumes looked authentic , i could not finish this loser . perhaps it was better than bad when it first came out , but hard to watch after more recent kung fu fare .
despite what the tag line promises , this is not an epic story of ww ii 's most dramatic mission . it is ridicuous to even suggest such a thing . at best this is a superficial recounting of a late war mission which turned out not to be not nearly as dangerous as it could have been . the bravery of the men who took part in the raid can not be questioned . however , there are countless other tales of ww ii that recount much more horrificly dangerous events than the one depicted here . the book simply fails to deliver . if you are looking for a gripping tale of the horror and heroism that defined ww ii this is not the one
i would have given this no stars if it were an option . the first <NUM> pages of this book bored and insulted me . judson drones on about every fraud known to mankind , but only occasionally scientific fraud . he seems to hope that if we hear enough examples of fraud in the world , we will get fired up and join him in a lynching . his tone is condescending and assumes that you already agree with him . this is not the type of academician that you could hope to have a meaningful conversation with . he laces his information with references to `` the epidemic '' of fraud and nobody being `` immune '' to it , as if by the weight of these descriptive terms you will be swept into his inevitably correct conclusions . i suspect that judson would have presented a more objective book if he had more worthwhile information to offer .
this film is visually stunning and impressive , and has talented and credible actors . unfortunately , there is barely a story with a lot of poorly-developed characters who are `` trained '' /brainwashed and instructed in the ways of death and inhumanity . the settings and group `` sermons '' from nazi officials are striking and convincing , but there is nothing that ties it all together . our hero fails to strike the `` killer blow '' and is stripped , literally and figuratively , of all status and walks away . the end . i 'm forced to comment that this is marketed as a gay film , and i was surprised by how un-gay it was . in fact , the two boy `` friends '' work together at one point to spy on a lady in a state of undress . it 's more about a childhood relationship in the midst of chaos than anything else . i have issues with some of the pacing as well . i found myself pressing the fast forward button several times , and did n't really seem to miss much . not a good sign . so , for what it is , it 's okay . certainly not a masterpiece , and certainly not something to run out and buy .
expected something much better- the actual music from the movie instead of instrumental
boule de suif is the story that made maupassant famous , a story admired by his mentor flaubert shortly before he died . the translation in this volume has been in circulation since <NUM> . it is done by someone who does not know the french language at all and is full of astonishing howlers . it is depressing to think that the english-speaking world has read this great story in such a dreadful translation for a century . some examples of the translator 's incompetence : `` choqua '' translated as `` choked '' ( should be `` shocked '' ) `` grouillaient '' translated as `` grumbled '' ( should be `` swarmed '' ) `` interloque '' translated as `` interlocutor '' ( should be `` struck dumb '' ) `` glissaient '' translated as `` glistened '' ( should be `` slipped ) `` inattendue '' translated as `` unwitting '' ( should be `` unexpected '' ) `` entre deux couplets '' translated as `` between the two rows of people '' ( should be `` between verses '' ) `` grallait une pipe sur le siege '' translated as `` had a lighted pipe under the seat '' ( should be `` smoked a pipe on the seat '' ) `` il sont verts '' translated as `` he is very green '' ( should be `` sour grapes '' ) `` par convenance '' translated as `` for convenience '' ( should be `` out of propriety ) `` defiant '' translated as `` defiant '' ( should be `` mistrustful '' ) `` propre '' translated as `` proper '' ( should be `` clean '' ) `` malpropre '' translated as `` improper '' ( should be `` dirty '' ) `` lapin '' translated as `` little wolf '' ( should be `` rabbit '' ) `` le faisant s'interesser a des choses qui , vraiment , ne le regardaient guere '' translated as `` making themselves interested in things that , in truth , they would never think of noticing '' ( should be `` making god interested in things that , in truth , were no concern of his '' ) `` ce ton ... que les hommes poses emploient avec les filles '' translated as `` tone ... after the manner of men having girls in their employ '' ( should be `` the tone ... that men of experience use with prostitutes '' ) the text is entirely denatured in this appalling anonymous translation , which should never have been distributed commercially .
if one is interested in the latest nonsense from the academy , this time dressed up in new historicist colors , buy this book . if one is interested in either american literary realism or contract law , however , one is better off actually reading those texts and trying to understand them
when i found `` hour game '' in paperback at our local library 's monthly book sale , i thought i had hit pay dirt . but i can not believe that this author who wrote such gripping gems such as `` the winner '' and `` absolute power '' could turn out such a dog . long , boring , and confusing . i fear that mr. baldacci hired an `` aspiring young writer '' to `` help '' him crank out a quick book . i can not pass this book along to my friends -- i could n't do that to them . it will be tossed into our blue recycle bin . what a waste . what a shame .
man , what to say about this album . first off bone thugs are overrated , they 're good but not great . creepin on ah come up , e-1999 , and art of war being their best material . resurrection , and thug world order are nothing special . maybe the biggest issue they have is finding at least `` decent '' beats . creepin , and e-1999 had that rough rugged gangsta sound . their later efforts have imo really wack , and soft somewhat commercialized beats that they never seem to fit with properly . bone brothers is another example of this . art of war also had some decent beats but way too much soft stuff that does n't properly portray their image . as a whole bone thugs have that special recipe , as solo artists they just do n't cut it . krayzie 's solo albums have a few good songs , the rest being filler junk ! layzie , does not belong as a solo artist . bizzy ca n't pull it off either . as a group they can write blazing lyrics because there is four of them so their verses are n't all that long and come out golden . but doing a whole song , or album by themselves they sound half @ $ $ ed ! on art of war bizzy had developed his hyperspeed flow . now he has given up that flow for his new funky supa wack sometimes slow , sometimes kinda quick , but losta garbage singing flow . bizzy stop singing , u sound like trash ! ! ! ! ! this album suffers from bizzy 's wack flow , and super generic wack beats . it 's funny how people say bone is better than twista . yeah i 'll admit it , not since his tung twista days was twista able to outflow bizzy ( art of war verses ) , but u know what when it comes to a more consistent flow , and understandability twista wins hands down . bone ( especially bizzy ) changes their flow up too much in a single song and sing too d @ mn much ! and this album ( plus all the other bone solo releases ) shows why it takes a group effort to outshine one man ( twista ) on an album . as solo artists no bone member can hold down an entire album by themselves , twista can ! ! where is bone now ? ? ? twista is at the top of the game , and bone fell off long ago
this is the worst shark film i 've ever seen . all of the shark attacks in the movie are done with shark fodage . and all of the shark fodage is outa all the shark attack films . the directer should be ashamed of himself . and one more thing , the sharks growl just like in shark attack <NUM> & <NUM> . do not buy this movie at all !
i found this book to be an ignorant one-sided look at the near-death experience phenomena . i have no argument with the fact that it happens , or that many people have this take on the issue . however , the author shot down every other possible logical explanation with heresay , exageration , and tried to cover up his lack of knowledge on the scientific aspect with psequipedalianism .
after its disturbing and frighteningly chaotic opening sequence , this film swiftly degenerates into another typically stupid , arrogant american war film . spielberg is a great director , and deserved praise for the opening sequence alone , but what could he do with a screenplay that is little more than a boring melodrama with stereotypical characters who all die in increasingly gruesome ways . without the massive buckets of blood , why would we want to watch ? this film is not reality , and the fact that it pretends to be reality is offensive to me . hollywood 's god-complex is its undoing . okay lets all pat ourselves on the back one last time for being `` brave '' enough to revel in the glorious bloody pulp of war . in my opinion , this film is like a horror film with a bad plot . imagine having to fight , bleed , and die all kinds of horrific ways for the honor of saving matt freakin ' damon . just thinking about it makes me want to go watch the ending of the departed again . there 's a movie with an ending that will leave you smiling
as the other reviewers make clear , this is a disturbing film in that the college girl forced into prostitution ends up by developing feelings for the man who `` ruined '' her . so you may immediately assume that the director has a deeper comment to make beyond this trite observation . problem is , having just watched the movie , i am not convinced there is anything below the surface . prostitution is a fact of life in asian cities , the theme of women overcome by their desires and in thrall to strong men a common one , and i searched in vain for any subversion of or challenge to that fantasy ( as fantasy it is ) . is this any more than a homage to the inutility of futility ? not that i can see
there are no words to describe how awful ( ! ! ! ) this `` movie '' was from beginning to end , but let me try anyway so as to give people a fair chance to avoid it and thus try and prevent their day/evening from being ruined : the film supposedly deals with a woman who has an accident and is `` touched '' by a sex angel only to discover she is a sex addict and the twelfth sex apostle ... need i say more ? the plot , the `` humor , '' the dialogues , and the music are way beyond `` below average . '' there is next to no nudity and there are no , i mean <NUM> as in zero beautiful girls , in this film ! as for the acting-oh my- the acting is beyond words ... school plays ( and pre-school for that matter ) have better actors ! it is truly sad ... rent or buy ( ha ha ha ) at your own risk . you have been warned !
there is a reason why record companies who carry bands like earth , sunn <NUM> ) ) ) and teeth of lions rule the divine ask very little for their albums : its nothing but noise . you would think that a band putting together three tracks adding up to well over <NUM> minutes of music would have something of worth on them . well , do n't expect it . trying to make it through any of these band 's work is like trying to sit through the film shaoh without an intermission . granted , i do n't smoke weed , so i guess that leaves this music to those of you who are n't doing anything with your lives and who probably still play dungeons & dragons in your parents basement , while listening to the likes of earth , sunn <NUM> ) ) ) and teeth of lions rule the divine . it just seems ironic and deeply sad that one must get blazed in order to like this `` music '' . drone metal was invented because the creators knew that there would be a massive following of losers just waiting to gobble up something that appeared to be visionary and original . i will admit , i have one drone metal album , teeth of lions rule the divine . i attained it because so many people on amazon made this stuff sound as if it was the second coming of christ . please , do not waste your money . this is nothing but a novelty act that has long over stayed its welcome
this won a pulitzer for reasons i do n't understand . maybe it 's because i 'm not sophisticated enough , but after reading gunter grass i 'm starting to think literary awards are given out on the basis of how regular and detailed the physical descriptions of male genitalia and its veins are in the book . this is a leaving las vegas style story about a guy who decides to drink himself to death . the only problem is he 's lived his whole life and settled in to die by a quarter of the way through the book . this book gives you empathy with the main character not by putting you in his skin through skilled storytelling , but by boring you to the point you yourself know what it 's like to want to die . this book seems mainly to be loved by those who deem it a mark of sophistication to like things most people find offensive . sex , foul language , crude descriptions - they 're all fine as a means to an end but this books parades them for no literary purpose i can detect . this book has interesting elements , but it 's bad
somebody call queens of the stone age and tell them that death from above stole their equipment ... and their licks . is there room for another qotsa ? probably . what i 'm wondering is why this is n't found all over cheeseball commercial radio stations . but then , this is n't quite the adolescent , swoon-inducing caterwaul of , say , sickly sweet dollboys fall out boy or the faux-heavy attention-spanless swill of mascara-dowsed cherubs hawthorne heights . death from above , while not at all mind-expanding , truly is heavy and heavy is not light , and light is bright and bright light breeds happy thoughts and happy thoughts are a preteen girl 's wet dream . so , while it 's a perfect match for formaldehyde-smoking jocks and tuba-sized bong-owning dropouts , it does n't quite fly with the doll-collecting crowd . and who knows , i have n't seen what the band members look like ; maybe they all have buckteeth , receding hairlines and crossed eyes and that 's why they did n't get a trl invite .
after the nu-metal ship sunk , dez got rid of coal chamber ( another terrible band ) and started this awful band to keep the paychecks flowing . in doing this , he 's making us think he 's a death/black metal fan , but i know that he 's nothing more than a run-of-the-mill trend-hopper . now to the music , it 's lame , watered-down `` metal '' made for the kids who listen to trivium , slipknot , and korn . listen to kreator 's `` enemy of god '' for a way better metal album from <NUM>
this book was a total waste of money for me . the uk english is nearly impossible to decipher at times . it is very difficult reading . this mihgt be a good book for experts but is worthless to the beginner . the author describes repair in detail , but assumes the reader knows all the technical terms being used without explaining them . the drawings are difficult to decipher . photos would have been better . if you are a beginner looking for a good book to get started in clock repair , this is n't it
this movie definitely had the potential to be gteat , the action scenes are pretty good . but the love story in this movie seems like even the actors were dozing off during there own scenes . the final fight did't work for me either , and the very last scene i thought was pretty unnecessary . did anyone really remember joey wong was in this movie by the time that the end came . the commentary on the dvd was one of the better ones that i have heard from ric meyers
yah just do n't go messing with a series ' soundtrack . especially on the original japanese track ! :
this book is only low to moderately useful to gamers that have been around for a while . if you are new to the game it may prove useful but the dmg has more than enough information as compared to this book . cityscape provided better information and examples and led me to believe that this would be a quality product as well , i was wrong . if you are a collector or just have to have every book published by wotc then i suggest you get it used and save a little money
america 's first album from <NUM> , the self-titled one , was a masterpiece . this is the third album ( as the title suggests ) from <NUM> . so what 's it like ? i find that this band have very rarely focused on what they are good at , that is acoustic pop . too often they have tried to be an eerie , progressive rock band , a funk band , an adult contemporary band and what not . only the self titled album , some of it 's folow up ( homecomming ) and 'human nature ' from about <NUM> years later deal with what america are all about , country guys singing about countryside and birds and how we could all live a better life if we relaxed more . the problem with `` hat-trick '' is that it does n't play to america 's strengths , at all . it tries to be a progressive rcok album and mixes in all these airy-fiary psuedo-satanic lyrics into their music . like the 8-minute title track is about a broken teenage love affair , but then they start saying `` you 're a bat out of hell '' , but it does n't work . if you 're going to sing about `` bats out of hell '' sing it with conviction , like dewey sings on something like `` hangover '' , do n't sing all soft . i mean they are a soft-folk rock band trying to sing about scary monsters getting you in the middle of the night . on the plus side you get the tracks on the greatest hits album ; `` muskrat love '' , `` rainbow song '' and `` she 's gon na let you down '' , all vintage <NUM> 's pop . i ca n't remember anything memorable from the other songs . `` green monkey '' and `` molten love '' try to sound so scary , but do n't . `` willow tree lullaby '' is the best of the rest but does n't feel like much more than a card-carrying folk track that feels rather throw-away . overall i would give the album about 3/10 ( 1.5 stars ) they never really recovered from poor directional decisions , though have made some pretty good music since , though the best album since their first album is surely `` human nature '' . that bitchin ' done , do n't hesitate to add this one to your collection and i hope you enjoy it , because , why did they make the album ? for someone out there to enjoy themselves while they listened to it . this `` old scrooge '' did n't , but hopefully you do .
to the person that mentioned jim steinman 's lack of involvement with the album , i agree . without the genius ' magic touch , meat loaf has come out with an awfully shabby album . the title song `` could n't have said it betterr myself '' offers a slight zing to the album . but when listening to the rest of the album , it is very disappointing . steinman and meat loaf are the ultimate duo . but when one is taken away , it is noticeable . i would not reccommend this album
not what i was expecting from him . everyone out there knows boney is a fantastic saxophonist . however , this album left much to be desired . i wonder why he left paul brown , his former producer . he released some excellent albums with paul brown . i do n't think he 's doing well enough on his own . i did not find any track particularly mind-blowing . if anyone that really knows boney doubts this , perhaps you ought to listen to `` seduction '' and `` sweet thing '' before making any comments . this latest album is nothing compared to those two . woork harder boney . i would not advise anyone new to jazz to buy this album .
points for the concept , but this cd kept me awake ! the crashing waves are loud and distracting , even on low volume , and the music frankly a little depressing . i actually found myself getting agitated listening to it . then again , i had some of the worst nights ' sleep ever during a vacation in belize in which i camped on the beach for a week . oddly enough , gibson 's ocean sounds works better for me , probably because there the waves are gently washing up on shore rather than smacking into rocks . if you are used to ocean sounds then natural sleep inducement may work for you , but if you 're landlocked like me you may not find it as helpful
i have enjoyed reading other books by mr. prosek , however , this one was a true disappointment . i could n't figure out if this was a book about fishing or drinking . there seemed to be more anecdotes regarding drinking and getting soused than any fishing action . even if the author loves to drink , the book is supposed to be about fishing the 41st parallel and all that that should entail . i may not have learned much about trout fishing , but i sure know where to find booze joints along the 41st parallel
this movie is not a war movie . it is not remotely related to history either . guadalcanal was not like this as anyone who knows the people who fought there and the history . since when did american troops in ww ii carry pliers around to extract gold teeth from dying enemy soldiers ? this depiction is just simple minded and pure excrement . enemy soldiers all hugging around and teary eyed over war is hell ? can we spell bushido ? mallick ca n't . now , if you like touchy , feely , not the real world aesthetique , have at it . the scenery and photography is quite good .
unbelievable . i mean come on , we 're only talkin about a few minutes here . missing some of the funniest scenes in the 1st movie including the german jacque cousteau character scene . i didnt even know the laserdisc version was an 'extended ' version until now . thank god i still have the laserdisc . another incident of movie companies raping the public . grrrrrh ..
i was n't sure if i was reading a new novel , or just re-reading one of several of the last catherine coulter novels i 've waded through . i think that i am truly sick of the big , strong man caring for sick , injured woman bit . the story was dumb ; there was no real mystery . i love the & quot ; song & quot ; series and most of the sherbrooke brides series . this was plain disappointing
this is n't as good as spritied away or princess mononoke . it 's not a bad film but it did n't capture me as well as the other films did
if you want uncut original version , always look for original licensed production . not us release . its a foreign film , it should not be us version to begin with~ ! hello ! ! ! ? ? why settle for less with us version where they edit and cut so many excellent scenes especially with jackie 's fighting scenes . and us release ruins the speed and sound as well . i have been collecting jackie chan 's movies both hk and us release version for quite some time now . i found hk version to be much more in enjoyable , and higher in quality . american market always like to `` americanize '' and `` control '' . regional code regulation thing is one of the example to control the market . why not let everyone enjoy the same hk original release move the same way entire world enjoys it ? ? no one makes hollywood american movies to `` french version '' or `` chinese version '' ~ ! this what americans are doing~ ! well , enjoy the cheap `` american version '' then~ ! lo
i wo n't say this was a horrible cd because it was n't , it 's just when you 've heard enough good bass 'n nova/jazzanova albums , you will realize that this album can not compare to the others that are out there on the market . most of the songs on this album do n't grab your attention the way they do on really great albums ( and you all know what i mean - you know that feeling when you pop in a cd for the first time and just get hooked by the addictiveness of a great album ? - well folks that 's what i 'm talking about ) . unfortunately this album failed to deliver that effect . it 's too bad because the artwork on the cover is really nice , not to mention the fact that putumayo usually puts together an enjoyable , reliable series of world music . the inside of this cd also has a booklet which tells you a little bit about the artists and the songs , which is always nice to know . having been an avid listener of brazilian music my entire life , i am enjoying the transition of old meets new in brazilian electronic music . it does n't have the annoying , frantic beats that american techno/trance music has . rather it is a simple , but truly enjoyable blend of samba and bossa nova mixed with modern and futuristic electronica dance beats and sounds . however if you really want to find out more about this new wave in brazilian music , i would recommend checking out another album . although this album has a decent lineup of new brazilian electronic bass 'n nova/jazzanova artists , it does n't take advantage of showcasing any of their good songs
i agree with the comment below . boring . i also have read all the books in the series and look forward to each new one . this one was not up to the standard i expected with the in death series . by the end of the first chapter you knew the killer and why . the conflict with mira did n't fit either . maybe the next one will be better
look i enjoyed the book a lot , but got nearer and nearer to the end and noticed the plot was n't wrapping up . i got that awful sinking feeling that i had been suckered into a book without a good ending , without closure , which i hate . sure enough ! at the bottom of the last page they * finally * admit `` armageddon 's children ends here . the story will continue with the publication of terry brooks 's next novel . '' nowhere on the front cover , back cover or anywhere else but on the last page does it mention this . i hate being manipulated , and that 's why i gave the book one star , and why the publisher del ray/ballantine books will never get another cent from me
i completely agree , which is why tomorrow , i suggest every african-american basketball player leave their 40,000,000 contracts behind and exit the game .... you know , to make a statement . and then you can ask kobe the next time you see him drive up in his lambourghini mercielago how he feels about it . : ) is this guy serious
what the hell is this crapola ? the real misfits were not about lame as * bullsh * t ! like everyone else says , what you usually hear without danzig has lost it 's edge . they lost their edge . what 's the point of making music and calling yourself the misfits when you 're really not changing anything ? punk is about change . change is usually edgy , this is honestly far from that . the misfits changed music - they had their own sound , they were original , and nobody else had that sound . i 'm saying this about alot of other bands . we 're not danzig heads , we 're not kissing as * . the misfits truly lost their edge . we 're not expecting every band to always sound the same - but at least create newer and edgier music because nowadays every band sounds the same . it 's all up to the original bands to influence everybody , and when you 're making music that does n't influence anyone , what 's your point - money ?
ethan walker 's `` the mystic christ '' does not at all understand or explain the real jesus christ . i 'll return this literature as soon as i get the chance . it 's completely bogus ( with very little truth to it ) i mean this man totally misunderstands the plan for redemption , what real love is meant by christ , and any other reality pertaining to christ . if you want to understand christ , trully , then learn about him from st. francis of assisi , st. john of the cross , st. teresa of avila , st. vincent ferrer , fr . reginald garrigou - lagrange , dom vitalis , henry manning , st. thomas aquinas , sister josepha menendez , . etc .... these days it 's very popular to twist and distort jesus christ by saying lo here is `` a '' christ and lo there is `` a '' christ . this book lacks in real knowledge of christ . while some of this litarature has good points ( not on christ of course but on buddha and krsna , etc it does ) it really only shows the authers lack of understanding jesus ' real plan and reason for his incarnation . the book should have been called `` the mystic life '' and not `` the mystic christ '' . totally misleading and insulting toward christ ( not `` the '' or `` a '' christ ) .... if you want to be mislead then read this book . if you want to be lead in the correct path then read `` the way of divine love '' by sister josepha menendez if you really want to know the real jesus christ ( there is no lo here and lo there and there is no word `` the '' and letter `` a '' in christ ) . do not fall for this sort of neuro-linquistic programming ...
francisco was right , this film is about as well-conceived as buttcrust . the review on the back of the dvd says `` jaw dropping , `` but the full quote probably reads `` jaw dropping ( because i was lulled to sleep like a baby ) '' . there is about <NUM> seconds of truly jaw dropping footage , in the zombie attack scenes , but these scenes only account for maybe <NUM> minutes of the movie . the rest of this film consists of the ear-bleeding whines and yawn-inducing infighting of the human characters , ill-conceived and extremely unlikable caricatures of a pseudo-cynical and extremely redundant `` evil side of human nature '' message that would be better left to jean renoir ( or even adam sandler considering the results here ) . i do n't watch zombie movies for the characters , especially characters so vapid and unengaging . it seemed like the script writer read a novice 's how to pamphlet and said `` yeah , it needs some conflict '' . if these characters were n't so constipated and bloated i 'd give them a chance . one amazon reviewer tries to justify all of the one-dimensional absurdity by crowning it with the weighty title of `` social commentary , '' but that 's just a mindless knee-jerk observation that fails to ascertain whether it was carried out sucessfully . it was n't . you 'd get more insight watching a kid frying ants with a magnifying glass . the critical ambitions of this movie are ill-fitting and embarassing , and ultimately just plain disappointing since they allot almost no time to showcase the director 's real talent , which is ( you guessed it ) the lovely undead . the rest is monotonous dreck . i do n't know why horror directors have so much insecurity about the worth of their strengths that they feel they need to shroud them in a poor man 's dramatic rags . all that aside , the ending is the worst anticlimatic cop-out in the history of horror movies . a horror movie that sucks for 3/4 of its duration needs a cool climax to redeem itself , but the cut-away at the end makes you wan na kick the director in the gonads . sorry , but anyone who calls this a classic is a friggin soundbite-repeating moron .
this was the worst music that sounded like david bowie . i ca n't believe these guys have even gotten a record deal .... oh the humanit
get 's one star in appreciation of the technicians who had to record the cd . what a mess ! never should have been made . even julie is way past the point of playing this onstage . she half talks her way through her songs , her voice clearly not what it was when she made the film . sorry julie , should have left it alone . the rest of the cast is not on a par with the film . tony roberts in place of robert preston ... not on his best day . leslie ann warren was riotuosly original in the film , rachel york trying to copy her , is not . and michael nouri ? dismal . the songs added to the score for the stage ....... forget it . not even worth mentioning any more . goes into the what were they thinking ? file . as for julie refusing her tony nomination because the rest of the show was overlooked ? c'mon julie , there was a reason for that , the show sucked !
i thought that perhaps i was losing my hearing . i looked ( in vain ) for subtitles to see if that would help . my partner assured me that no , my hearing was fine , the audio on these dvd 's is woeful . then i started to have episodes of deja vu . or maybe jkust episodes that were on the complete season one were included in this . huh ? very strange . i wo n't buy again until they do something about the audio . it is headache enducing
as the fantastic song title above indicates , life is hard , and it 's been hard on johnny winter . it is definitely beginning to show . i play guitar and sing , too , and an arrhythmic heart keeps me off stage a lot . what a drag . well , i hear johnny has a few health issues , and i only mentioned my own in order to be able to say that he sounds on this album a little like i feel , sometimes . his voice has weakened quite a bit , and thinned out , but as with the change in bob dylan 's voice , he actually sounds more musical , sweeter , now , than before . so the burning glory is gone , and the blistering solos are replaced with very carefully phrased and finished riffs . and , yes , a little lacking in energy at some points . the monkey song is almost too skanky to be believed . hell , johnny , they 're all shaved on the internet these days anyway , and that 's probably as far as some lame old guy like you gets , right ? sorry . this guy , doing rock & roll hootchie-koo with rick derringer back in <NUM> , could blow walls down . i guess this is the blues
overall , this is nothing more than a bunch of entrance themes for the wwf ; if you do n't believe me , just ask edge . in my opinion , there is not one good song on this entire cd , and i have been a huge fan of rob and white zombie in the past . rob , please go back to making good music and refrain from making garbage like this
unlike most reviewers here , i really disliked this book . the main reason is that the entire novel is a gimmick without any real substance . there is no reason to tell such a dull story except for the fact that there is some mysterious story-within-a-story complexity . the characters , especially the protagonist iris , are bores . iris is like a <NUM> page wet blanket . most of the other characters are 1-dimensional cut outs . her sister laura is the exception , but she got on my nerves too with her one-note quirkiness . the story-within-a-story is more a gimmick than anything else . the science-fiction meta-story within that story i thought was the most interesting part of the book , but it goes nowhere and its purpose is even more tenuous than its parent . finally , this is my second atwood book , and i really dislike her writing style . it reads as if she is trying too hard , and even the simplest situations feel forced . i do n't understand why everyone seems to like this book , but i would just suggest not to believe all the hype .
i liked this novel at the beginning . the cast of characters was good . as comic relief i thought hannah goldsmith was great -- and , speaking euphemistically , the tension about progress , or lack thereof , in her love life was of considerable interest . what killed the story for me was the coincidences : too many , too unlikely , too intrusive . we are supposed to believe that chief inspector detective wexford has a very similar situation in his home to the murders he is investigating . we have about every character and suspect in the novel being related to each other in one way or another . by about page <NUM> of a <NUM> page novel i had had enough . the author had blown her believability . ruth rendell is , of course , one of the best known of english detective novelists and has many loyal fans . perhaps she 's written better books . i hope so . but do n't choose this one to read unless you are really , really a fan . smallchief
walt whitman 's life 's work is his `` leaves of grass '' , enlarged over the years with additional poems . regarded as america 's poet , whitman wrote in the 1840s through the 1880s , encompassing both the `` manifest destiny '' ideology of the pre-war , through the reconstruction period of us history . the poems are diverse and upbeat . the language , for the most part , is clear and easy . nevertheless , like most poetry today , the poems are so little different from prose , except in the presentation into lines . very few poetic devises are used . one may correctly criticize my critique as one who does not appreciate contemporary poetry . but , in comparison to rhyhming verse by longfellow , frost , byron , browning , or shakespeare , current poetry appears meaningless . although a classic , `` leaves of grass '' offers only one or two poems that qualify for a standard anthology . none of his poems are memorable . not a single line is considered worthy of citing anywhere in literature . i give two stars to the work , simply because i must admit my own incompetence in modern poetry appreciation . whitman is considered important enough to be the major poet in the movie , `` dead poet 's society '' ; so , the reputation of the work must be quite impressive , though it beats me how that is
i like to laugh . this really did n't do the job . i was hoping for something monty python style . it has its moments . i 've seen the one guy in the sierra mist commercials and they are funnier . i 've read where these guys have done some shorts and they are better . i would like to find them if possible .
i had rated this book a `` two '' in relation to other koontz books i have read . the book is entertaining enough , but is not very unique in relation to other books that koontz has written . koontz appears to have somewhat of a formula when creating main charachters . often there is a primary charachter who appears to be rather basic at the beginning , but through later description becomes more complex due to an unusual background . koontz books often have the aforementioned charachter utilize their unusual background to overcome difficult obstacles usually in order to save a loved one . i believe koontz tries to express certain generalties , some of which have moral and religious undertones : in the end , good overcomes evil and often evil by its destructive nature , destroys itself . love is worth fighting and dieing for . love is stronger than evil . what does not kill you , makes you stronger . evil knows no socioeconomic boundaries . the key to happiness is love , not material gain . evil lurks where you least expect it
this video covers several basic exercises you can do with an exercise ball . i do n't care for the woman who does it -- i find her personality a little annoying . that aside , there is no way to do the exercises straight through without title segues between each position . this makes for a long workout with too much rest between positions . it 's nice the first time through because you are just learning . but i would have preferred an option for a traditional style video without titles and intro descriptions for each position
for all the hype this book has received i am pretty disappointed . i found this book to be written in a very non-engaging style , making it difficult to just follow what the author was saying . additionally it 's absolutely terribly organized . what kind of programming book spends the first couple of chapters talking about programs that use and implement classes , and then finally halfway through the book actually tells you what a class is and how to make one . it 's absolutely unusable as a reference , and just barely useable as a means of learning c++ . c++ is a very large and complicated programming language , and therefore books on it should do their best to be as helpful and organized as possible . if programming languages were books , c++ would be `` c++ primer '' , poorly thought out , unorganized , and unnecessarily complicated
live undead is n't a must have to be in your collection of slayer albums . this record only provides evidence of the greedy metal blade record label . some people say that they threw in an audience sample afterwards to create a fake live album . well it is and it is n't . this is n't a concert , but it 's a real audience . this is slayer simply rehearsing <NUM> of their songs from show no mercy and haunting the chapel and they brought about <NUM> or more fans into the studio or whatever to hear them play . on the plus side , several of these songs are played better than the originals , however the production is terrible . a possible reason for this is that brian slagel and metal blade released this without permission from slayer , at the time they knew nothing about it . what is here is early slayer , just beginning to develop their true sound , but it 's only <NUM> minutes in length and metal blade is asking <NUM> dollars for it ? but as fellow reviewer fu2 put it , here 's what they should have done , take all four metal blade releases , remaster them , maybe add some bonus tracks and release them as <NUM> discs with maybe show no mercy/haunting the chapel and hell awaits/live undead or something similar . but here is the real kicker about this record that is my biggest complaint . on most early versions ( vinyl and first cd release and some imports ) there is a redone version of chemical warfare as a untitled track with better quality than the original that can no longer be found on this release . why ? i have no idea . if you are planning to get this , chances are you are a fanatic , and personally , this is the only slayer release that i have yet to see in a cd store . i recommend finding this off ebay , and maybe the vinyl version as that is a picture disc and is a really cool thing to look at and features the picture on the back of the case with the band playing but with a hole in tom 's face for the record player . i give this two stars because this is n't worth the price that they are asking for . this is listenable but there are plenty of other bootlegs out there with more songs if that is what you are looking for , because that is exactly what this is . metal blade 's cash in on slayer because as i stated before , slayer knew nothing about this until it was released . i could n't possibly give anything from slayer a one star because that just does n't seem possible , as the talent is present , but this thing just does n't have very good sound and is n't worth the price and once again , only for fanatics . hoped this helped . interesting fact : that after this was released ; the band called the undead released a live album called live slayer
faith hathaway had just graduated high school and was one week away from going into the army . she was full of hope and life . robert willie ( the man this movie was based on ) , along with his accomplice raped and murdered her . she was raped , stabbed <NUM> times , and raped after she died . the director of this movie denied requests made by faith 's mother , and gave all the attention to the only person who deserved to die . where was the mercy for faith ? where was the compassion for faith ? where were the people protesting for faith 's life ? finally where was the story about the mercy which was denied to faith ? what about her suffering and that of her family ? barely a foot note in this movie . ohh and sister prejean has been discovered to lie when it suits her case .
the film looks unfinished . the animations are uncompleted and the film struggles to hold a story running . however ; it has some interesting sci-fi features which makes the film worth watching ... if you are a sci-fi fan with waaay to much spare time ; that is
this book does start with some slight promise . it has a touching opening chapter . and it follows the life story of one of its villains , who is a very unlikely , over-the-top character , but who nevertheless will probably win your sympathy and may even break your heart . the book also has plenty of cornwell 's trademark technical detail . you will be treated to a wide variety of how-to tips on everything from how to fly a helicopter , to what gun to carry for different law enforcement jobs , to how to identify watermarks on paper . but overall , i found this book to be a big disappointment . first of all , the book is riddled with egomania . almost every chapter contains some lavish adulation of the protagonist , kate scarpetta . almost every character oozes adoration of scarpetta , lives only to win her respect , longs for her , even in planning to kill her seeks only to unite with her in ecstasy . what 's all this about ? since scarpetta is so clearly cornwell 's alterego , a reader can only conclude that cornwell herself is getting lost in a cult of personality . however , scarpetta does n't appear much in person in this book . she remains a presence , inspiring others . when she does make a personal appearance though , the book 's tone of adoration does n't mute into any more seemly modesty , as would seem appropriate when an author is in essence describing herself . if anything , the deification of scarpetta intensifies in these scenes . for example , a man observing her , notes how deliberately she does everything . even in the act of reaching for her coffee cup , he sees her `` exuding confidence and power . '' really , all this reverence for scarpetta turns these pages into absurdity . even apart from their hero worship of scarpetta though , many of the other characters in the book are manifestly improbable , or even impossible . a book could perhaps stand one over-the-top villain , such as the bizarrely afflicted one i mentioned in the first paragraph of this review . however , most of the characters in blowfly , evildoers and presumed good guys alike , are leading lives of such mythic proportions , that the book loses all touch with reality . scarpetta 's niece , who has been an on-going character in cornwell 's books , turns into a full-blown cartoon superheroine here , with preternatural command and capabilities across international borders . one of the actions this niece involves herself with in this book is so outrageous and of such questionable morality , that this subplot would seem more appropriate as back-story for a nintendo game . there are also specific stylistic problems with the book . cornwell has often used the technique of short chapters , snapshots of sorts , interlacing the actions of the different characters . the technique can be a valid one , building suspense while you are briefly diverted from one character 's pending homicide , to the less crucial actions of some subsidiary player . and the technique can be used like a mosaic , to build a picture tile-by-tile . but with blowfly , the chapters have become so short that it seems a mere pandering to readers ' presumed short attention spans . i 'll admit the tv ad pace of the book kept me going through to the end . snap . snap . snap . now this . now the other . but i 'm not proud of my growing addiction to this kind of hit-and-run narration . then there 's the persistent , occasionally jarring use of the present tense - in a context in which this could n't all possibly be happening in real time . and there are too many ongoing , hackneyed analogies between the brain and various machines . cornwell has always liked these comparisons , but they become constant pebbles in the shoe here . `` no frontal lobe alarm sounds '' rang ... `` ... her brain ca n't process '' ... `` jerking her mind out of gear '' ... finally , there is the problem with the book 's ending . it 's as if cornwell ran out of paper , or else was ordered by her publisher to simply turn in her manuscript , finished or not . all her knowledge of csi investigative technique count for nothing in the end . none of the plot threads get really integrated into coherence . so there are a few good things about blowfly . you get to inhabit another serial killer 's mind and daily squalid living conditions with creepy intimacy . there are also some interesting psychological insights into the motives of female accomplices or `` enablers '' of such men . there are things to be learned about defense weapons . but these good things get swamped , like the dead bodies that fall into the bayous of baton rouge where much of this book 's action takes place . overall , i 'd say if you see this blowfly coming your way - get out the flyswatter !
very bizzare movie ! not for kids or anyone who is prudish ! can be an erotic movie if you choose to see through the bizzare nature of it
this was not funny at all.i 've seen pablo francisco 's stand-up on hbo and was pleasantly entertained but this dvd was awful and boring as hell
led zeppelin were simply the most overrated band of all time who were just as bad as nirvana and acdc . they only made about a decent song in `` stairway to heaven '' . rest of the songs just stink ! ! ! plant sounds more like a big monkey than a real singer and ca n't sing at all , he just screams . like good singers ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i recommend go with foreigner , dire straits who were equally the greatest bands with the greatest singers in lou gramm , and mark knopfler . they are a billion times better than led zeppelin . do n't listen to the five star reviewers of this page , avoid this piece of junk and go with foreigner insted . they are legends , not zeppelin ! !
i almost gave up on this book after the first chapter featured several paragraph-long run on sentences with no punctuation . i was determined to try though . once i got used to the almost non-existent editing i was able to enjoy the story . it is a challenge , but the reward is an interesting glimpse of the cowboy life . i 'm not sure the effort was worth it , though . note to writers -- employ editors so that your story is n't lost due to hard to read prose ! it added nothing to the book to create a new `` style '' and made reading very cumbersome and frustrating . this is one of the few times that i wish i had just watched the movie instead
i have been a huge fan of the anna pigeon mysteries . the hard truth about hard truth is skip it . it is a very unpleasant experience . the graphic representation of child abuse and cruelty in this book still makes me ill. what i 've loved about the anna pigeon series is that i felt like i got a good sense of the national park where the story took place with an appreciation for the natural beauty of the area . i doubt anna spent more than a night in rocky mountain national park . not only does she completely miss the unique character of the park but the park has no necessary link to the story . the whole thing could have taken place in urban chicago . i have been picking up nevada barr books as fast as i could find them . this book , however , was truely repulsive . i 'll be much more cautious about investing a part of my life in her next book
this movie is not worth buying . it 's horrific and full of graphic violence . stallone should n't have made this movie . it stinks
the vocals are hella cool but the lyrics are g.ay , and i the layering could have been better . i kinda like this band but i think this album could have been alot more then it was . oh well what do i know , i am not doing what their doing , im siting on a computer crying about it , oh well whatever their lucky but i still hate this album , but its still semi ok but just not for me , it make me yaw
ga. how can anyone stand this drivel ? worst movie i ever watched repeatedly . worse than watching `` walk tall '' <NUM> times in a row . worse even than watching the home shopping network . eww . eww
there 's not much this film can offer , unless its some cool-looking british sedans and ok to decent character actors . quyale is utterly wasted . jayne is , well , jayne , and the plot is pretty weak . as far as the picture & sound quality , let 's not even go there ...
a patched up free attempts to carry on as normal , but the chemistry is just not there - fraser is gone and tetsu struggles / does n't even try to make the most of the opportunity given to him . rather than contribute some great bass ideas , he is content just to plod along ; kossoff plays on <NUM> of the <NUM> tracks . gone is the heart wrenching melody and beautiful vibrato of his playing . he 's running on remote control . it sounds like he 's slumped in the corner of the studio stoned out of his head ; bundrick writes <NUM> tracks / shares the credits on two others . his work sounds like album filler put there to satisfy the band 's contractual requirements . the whole album is lazarus with a triple bypass . the only standout track is the excellent 'wishing well ' ... the other songs are just musical ideas i.e verse and chorus cobbled into a finished song ... another album to buy if you ca n't stand blank spaces in your free cd collection ... what a tragic waste ...
the author comes off as a whining , unhappy camper about having to grow up in what he considers a 'stifling ' church environment ; further apalled by the church founder 's belief , in that it ( the worlwide church of god ) was god 's true church through the ages , right on up to the present 'end time ' . feazell spends a good amount of time giving his negative opinions on herbert w. armstrong , the church 's actual teachings , and a general trashing and somewhat of a misreprentation of the general denomination as a whole , labeling it a 'cult ' ... and further damning its pastor general as a `` heretic '' , despite the church 's humanitarian works , publishing , colleges and international outreach for world peace over the past seven decades under the leadership of h.w . armstrong . since armstrong 's death in <NUM> , feazell and his cohort joseph tkach jr. seem to be having a field day jumping up and down on his remains , and writing books on how great it feels to be loosed from having to keep the apostolic holy days , sabbaths , ten commandments ( which , in his estimation are now the 'ten suggestions ' ) and general lifestyle of this 7th day church of god denomination . mr. feazell apparently does not speak for all the church membership , as over 100,000 members left and formed various smaller independent church of god conferences throughout the united states ... and continuing the legacy and apostolic , traditional christian system of worship restored by herbert w. armstrong in <NUM> . recommended reading : `` autobiography of herbert w. armstrong '' ; `` mystery of the ages '' ; `` the incredible human potential ''
when i read stuff on the back of this novel like , `` preposterously brilliant '' , `` a classic comic novel '' , and `` amis was a genuine comic writer , perhaps the best '' , i immediately snatched this book up and started rummaging through the sentences , paragraphs , and chapters with heightened interest . the book was interesting enough for me to buy it from borders bookstore <NUM> minutes after reading a bit . even though i did n't laugh , i believed i just had to read it from beginning to end . so i took this book home expecting something hilarious ; the result : a genuine cure for insomnia . i do n't care for all these praises of `` masterpiece '' or `` this book explores the complexities of human condition and human relations '' . i want an interesting read ; i 'm not calling for an action-packed ian fleming , james bond novel , i 'm asking for something engrossing . i did n't get what i asked for . the visually descriptive details in this novel are thoroughly lacking . amis does n't bother to write about the setting , the atmosphere , the people ( except for bertrand , christine , and margaret to some degree ) ; as a result i have no idea what welch , dixon , beesley , etc . look like . they all could be wearing bedsheets all the time for all i know . all in all , this novel is not recommended : it lacks physical detail and humor . p.s . if you search all the previous good recommendations you 'll see the high reviews were simply given by `` a reader '' ; probably the same dude
the cars were one of the most annoying , dumb , pathetic , lame , overrated , stupid , lousy , and awful bands ever came out in the <NUM> 's . their lead singer ric ocasek sings horribly and sings like a baby . this greatest-hits album was a huge joke that each and every song is incredibly bad . their guitar playing is really bad . they are only recommended for loosers . do n't listen to the five star reviewers of this album and avoid cd 's from the cars , nirvana , and ac/dc who suck . listen to good bands like foreigner and dire straits insted . ps.the cars are for babies ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
with new findings from a scientist of the los alamos laboratory , the main thesis of this book-that the turin shroud is a medieval forgery-has been dealt a death blow . the new information clearly shows that the portion of the shroud used for the <NUM> c-14 test was , in fact , an additional weave to the shroud threads made much later than the cloth itself , and that the winding sheet is much older than c-14 indicated . even without this explosive new information , much of nickell 's thesis was outdated well before the year <NUM> . his `` recreations '' of the shroud are amateurish and are not clear evidence of forgery . most of his other information- '' paint on the shroud '' , no provenance before the middle ages-has also been debunked many times over . and his star witness , walter mccrone , had his own reputation tarnished beyond repair when it was proven that his analysis of the vineland map was discredited and debunked ( ironic , since both nickell and mccrone tried to destroy and besmirch those who did n't agree with them ) . in short , nickell 's book is now passe , and obsolete . it gets two stars for its entertainment value , but the main arguments and ideas of this book have been thoroughly refuted , once and for all .
lisa lisa & amp ; cult jam , guilty pleasure of the middle <NUM> 's scene , she was the queen of freestyle by that time , her music was around every club , and her style will remain in many people minds . her sounds were extremely danceable , although some people thought that her voice was a little bit squirky and anoying , it fitted just great to the type of music she wanted to approach , even her hit ballad & quot ; all cried out & quot ; a bittersweet melody with amazing lyrics , that will be covered later by many , fitted her just great , but undoubtly her greatest achievment was dance music , & quot ; head to toe & quot ; , & quot ; lost in emotion & quot ; , where # <NUM> 's the same year and make everybody love this , sadly she became lost in more pop oriented tunes with the next albums , saving only & quot ; let the beat hit em & quot ; that it 's truly a comeback to the dance music scene , but too late , the magic was lost and we should point to & quot ; little jackie wants to be a star & quot ; as guilty for throwing lisa 's career to oblivion , but if you forget that and concentrate on the early materials you will find an artist that surface out of the bunch , because they were talented and had a new flavor to offer to the public
okay the person that puts this movie in the same catogory as `` bring it on '' , `` clueless '' , `` mean girls '' and , especially the superior `` heathers '' .. is painting a false picture of what this movie is .. i 'm sorry but , `` john tucker must die '' is no where close to being as sharp or clever as these other mentioned films . these other films have a balance that allows more adults to enjoy them as well as the intended target of younger teenagers . `` jtmd '' appeals more to that teen crowd and has older viewers wondering if this has anything new to offer .. and wonder is all i did . this film tries taking alot of plot lines and ideas from other teen films and brings them all together .. the results are one big mess . 2.5 stars is all i can give .. the other films mentioned above are the ticket . `` heathers '' = <NUM> stars . `` mean girls '' = <NUM> stars . `` bring it on '' = <NUM> stars . `` clueless '' 4.5 stars . all four of these movies have something that `` john tucker must die '' doesnt have ..
i really was looking forward to something that explored the emotional whirlwind that i have been going through . this was certainly not it . it touches on what i wanted and then veers off into mythologically-based new age nonsense ( and i have nothing against new age stuff in general ) . if you are looking for a treatment of what weddings and marriage mean in the modern world , i recommend kamy wicoff 's i do but i do n't . i also hear that a walk down the aisle is good . i 'm ordering it now , and we 'll see
this book is an enjoyable read if you have nothing better to do . i failed to be captivated by it . the characters lack the heartwrenching dramatic intensity that you find in her other works . maybe it is because alice walker is such a phenominal author that people just expect so much from her . still , this book is not making the cut for my personal library
this film seems to want to have it both ways - offering the premise that not all disability is disposable - just sampedro 's . an incredible amount of talent and creativity went into a film that pays homage to ... well , plainly put - a man that was too petulant to live . the movie presents ramon sampedro - a talented , intelligent and articulate man as someone who ultimately proves to be a self-pitying whiner . it was not that he was not capable of living a life of accomplishment and satisfaction - he simply refused to . despite the acclaim and admiration that his writing had brought to him , despite the devotion of those around him that loved and cared for him , sampedro seems a bit like the child who gathers his marbles up from the playground and marches home because someone had n't played by his rules . ( refusing a wheelchair ? c'mon ! ) granted , the stress , humiliation and despair of being a quadriplegic can not be minimalized nor discounted . however , giving up on what you may have once hoped your life would be for what it ultimately becomes proves to be difficult for all of us - no matter what the size or nature of our own personal challenges . ( oddly enough the very limitations that he views as untenable are most likely the factors that pushed him to reach inside himself and find a voice that brought him such attention and celebrity . imagine the platform that was his ... and was thrown away ) yes , yes - allow the man to end his life if he is incapable of recognizing the gift that he squandered ; let us be done with him if he so chooses . we should not , however , celebrate his cowardice - the easy out - this foolish waste of something precious . what an insult this film seems to those who struggle quietly everyday with half the talents , abilities or the emotional resources of devoted family and friends that were at sampedro 's disposal . those gifts for which others could only envy , sampedro discarded in self-indulgent and careless abandon . the joys that others could only dream about , he chose to reject . it would be better instead for us to triumph with stephen hawking ( `` brief history of time '' ) , christy brown ( `` my left foot '' ) or helen keller ( `` the miracle worker '' ) - each of whom had to face the equal of the challenges that sampedro faced , but did not cower in resignation or mawkish self-absorption . instead they rose above the limitations ( those imposed on them either by themselves or those around them ) and made all our lives better for their struggle .
i 'm rather upset with the technical quality of this dvd . grindhouse rereleased this disc exactly as it was in <NUM> , without so much as a 16x9 animorphic upgrade . this is certainly not worth the $ 20+ dollar price tag amazon.com has right now
i played this cd and was not happy . i had to return the item becasue it skipped really bad on almost every song
very basic book that covers no new ground . go to your local library and find a fitness/weight lifting book . you wo n't miss anything by taking this route and passing on this relatively useless book .
in my opinion , none of the episodes captured the best of the pink panther series .
i found & quot ; barrio boy & quot ; to be very boring , as a matter of fact i did n't even try to finish the book . so save your money and buy something better
we checked this out from the library a couple of years ago . it really was torture to watch . the acting was terrible , the costumes were even worse . i do n't know whether to say it was really funny or really sad , because all in all it was a pretty pathetic production . not one of bbc 's better efforts
i suppose if you never read the book , you might think this movie is good ... maybe even charming . but having gone into the theatre with this as my favorite novel , i was so grossly disappointed i ca n't tell you . see , the book is about two people - novalee and willie jack . they head west together , until willie jack abandons her at a walmart . they part ways on more than one level - his life goes as low as a life can , and her life rises beautifully . it 's a study in contrasts , and it 's done impeccably in the novel , with a plethora of complex characters to richen the journey ... but it did n't translate because of hollywood 's froo-froo mentality . hollywood cut benny goodluck - a main character in the novel - completely out and shaved moses ( another major character ) down to a bit part while making novalee 's one-visit-mother a major player . and they destroyed forney ... who is supposed to be eccentric , late-thirties genius , withdrawn and strange ... they turned him into a twenty-something easy-going stud type with a crooked smile . so . not . forney . i never wanted to jump thru the screen and slap people so badly in my life . that horrid . and lexie ... she 's supposed to be a size <NUM> with four kids and white-trash tendencies ... and they put ashley judd in the role . hello ... ? ! ? ! does that picture at the top look like a size <NUM> with four kids and white trash tendencies to you ? that 's just the biggie complaints , too . read the book , do n't watch the movie . you 'll be amazed at how inept hollywood was at telling this story
i agree with rigg_vienna . this film is one of the worst of all agatha christie movies . the version of <NUM> with sir peter ustinov is much better , and not to forget such great actors like dame diana rigg , dame maggie smith or james mason . if you want `` evil under the sun '' , forget the new one and buy the classic one from <NUM>
a lot of people are meriting ja 's credibility on all his albums because he has been able to keep his voice on the airwaves since <NUM> . so he released his sophomore album rule 3:36 in sept <NUM> , that is one of the worst ja albums i 've heard ( not the worst , the last temptation takes that title ) . ja tries to be `` gangstafied '' on this album but fails terribly . starting with the first single `` me & you '' thinking his thug style can attract women . i have n't bought the concept in <NUM> , and i 'm still not buying it six years later . or how about the flat falling track `` f * * * you '' featuring vita and <NUM> ? or as many revewers have pointed out that he tries to boast his singing vocals on this album , which seriously damages his creditablity . how about the song `` put it on me '' before lil mo joined song . sounds wack ( er ) with out her . or how about the late barry white imitation on the song `` extacy '' ( and thats one of the decent tracks on this album ) . oh and remember when `` between me & you '' was highly antacipated that you downloaded the single on napster ? well do you remember that the origonal/demo that some of you downloaded did n't have christina millian singing the hook , but had ja singing it himself . thank god that was n't on the album . now there are some listenable tracks on this album that i would like to point out . `` <NUM> feet '' is a standout track , and is possibly the best track on this album and my personal favorite . `` watching me '' is another tight track , as ja spits with a load of energy within him . `` i cry '' and as mentioned earlier `` extacy '' are decent at best . other than that , most of the tracks on this album are skippable . overall , a sub medicore ja rule album . most of the <NUM> and <NUM> star reviewers are either big time ja rule fans or just in love with mainstream overrated rap ( `` put it on me '' [ remix ] ) . to me , this album is nothing else but a pop rap , falsafied thug rap album that just does n't appeal to me . i recommend this to hardcore ja rule fans if they do n't have this already . lyrics : c production : c+ guest appearances : c- musical vibes : d- favorite tracks : watching me , <NUM> feet , die , extacy honorable mention track : chris black ( skit
suggest for all genuinely interested in this topic , to refer to rabbi david berger 's book , the rebbe , the messiah & amp ; the scandal of orthodox indifference
i hate this film and `` the ballad of cable hoge , '' because of its depiction of animal cruelty . this happens just at the prelude of both films .
this cd is shamefully misleading ! it only features snipets of the original score and two members of the original cast . in fact , there is more dialogue than music on this cd ! worse , it sound like somebody dug up a set of '78s they found buried at the bottom of their gandfather 's trunk and decided to record them on cd , scratches , pops , and all ! i am a huge fan of gertie lawrence , but even i did n't have the nerve to play this cd more than once ! pick up the royal national theatre 's production instead
first of all krs-one is one of the greatest rappers & story-tellers ever & ai n't nobody out now in rap can even hold his shoe laces when he breaks things down.having said that & understanding he did n't fully want this album out he still has n't knocked me out with a album all the way through in way over a decade.he has had some tight jams & of course his flow still will just leave you dizzy but the music & subject matter are pretty much the same & he has n't challenged his full powers as a mc in quite some time.he still has the words & flow to roll you over but albums like this & others of recent time just do n't even begin to do this man justice when you remember & grew up on his best stuff.but regardless i 'll always listen to him.he truly changed & flipped the game
this album is terrible . just useless noise . i also own electric pink and very emergency . if you liked those albums , you will agree that this one is garbage
there 's a reason that there are over 200,000 albums ranked before this one . even if i was a big fan of rap , i would be a fan of bad rap . if you enjoy droning , monotone vocals with no real music to back it up then maybe this is for you , but even then i would n't recommend it . maybe try grits or something ( try anything else ... please ! ! )
this is the first ( and last ) book by david baldacci that i 've ever read . he is one of the worst best-selling writers i 've ever read . he writes almost every sentence of dialog in the form of a tom swifty sentence ( `` we 've got to get out of here , '' said king , menacingly ) . his flair for melodramatic overstatement is second to none . the actions of the characters make no sense at all . for example , when michelle sees a laser from a gun sight pointed at the chest of her trusty sidekick , sean king , she says , `` sean , do n't move ! '' instead of `` sean , dive for cover ! ! ! '' bottom line - save your money and buy something worthwhile
seriously you dont need me to tell you wack this album is , if you 've ever heard it you 'll know yourself the depths that this album plummets to . i 'll be honest , i heard thug lovin on the radio and thought it was o.k , all the other singles though , mesmerize etc .. were s * * t. a friend of mine offered to burn me a copy , free of charge , and i thought fine , what 's the worst that could happen , i was mistaken , i would compare listening to this with torture . if your into sing along pop songs , with a little bad language for good measure , you may like this album . to put this in the hip-hop genre is misleading , ja actually attempts to 'sing ' half the songs on here , and when he 's not singing he does his best tupac impression . thankfully at the time of writing this , his career appears to be over , if we can rid the hip-hop world of nelly and <NUM> cent as well , the world would be much better for it . avoid any albums by this phoney . message to the honorable , agreed most of the rappers listed are s * * t , but ja destroying snoop , eazy-e , mack <NUM> and dmx , do n't talk s * * t , this diva could n't touch any of them . after writing this i noticed someone was selling this album on amazon for <NUM> cent , that should tell you all you need to know about it
you got ta love a political pundit like joe klein . he did n't even have the decency to attach his name to his book . wow , that 's courage . that 's a backbone . let 's see , klein goes around slamming the clinton presidency , anonymously . thanks , joe . america needs more brave souls like you . go back to writing your drivel in time magazine . frankly i am surprised you have the courage to attach your name to your columns .
there is no doubt the artist 's voice is beautiful . however , the interpretation of certain songs by a man and child are way off . for example , & quot ; tengo una muneca & quot ; is not a lullaby , but an upbeat children 's song and to have a child drone it out debases such a mexican classic . one of many aweful and inacurate musical interpretations on this misguided cd . for the best and most classic spanish children 's songs turn to the tender and playful & quot ; cri-cri. & quot
this author claims to use logic and skepticism , all i can see from his book is a lack there of . this book along with lyne 's other book is the only propaganda , not some some massive cia front . i was once a believer but no longer , ufology and all that tesla nonesense is just that , nonesense . if you want to learn about physics read anything by the genious of einstein , not by this quack . if you do n't want to waste your time i suggest getting any book by philip klass instead of this book
once `` let 's get free '' came out , it lauched a revolutionary group that was powerful in their lyrics and made you feel their whole message . after damn near burning another whole in this disk , i picked up their mixtape . it was alright but i was waiting for that 2nd full length album continuing from the debut album . i bought this on the 1st day it was released and was highly disappointed . most of the beats sound the same . the album length is entirely too short . i would have given this <NUM> stars because the album content is not awful . but dead prez loses a lot of credibility when on the same album you say `` turn off the radio '' and <NUM> tracks later you collaberate on a song with mr. radio himself , jay-z . that loses a star right there . was this an attempt to appeal to the very radio stations that you constantly blast for not playing real hip-hop ? well , i live in the major city of philadelphia and i have n't heard about this song burning up the airwaves nor did i hear about it topping the billboard music charts . great job , guys
this book is so bad i do n't even know where to start . i bought it based on many of the reviews on this page , and since i had previously read the master of blacktower and loved it , i thought that this book would be similarly good . i was terribly wrong ! right away the dialogue ticked me off because real people do n't talk the way that the characters talk in this book . the dialogue ( mainly involving macdougal and bruce ) is filled with pompous remarks and ridiculous attempts to sound intelligent . it is so forced that it makes you want to cringe ( when they start arguing about christian theory and the middle ages while sara is passed out on the floor from demonic possession , you know that you should just stop reading now ) . it is like in one of those bad tv movies where , when something terrible happens , all of the characters stand around and say `` i wonder what we 'll do ? '' i can not believe how bad this is . the possession/seance thing is completely hokey anyway . do n't waste your time with this one . i could n't even finish it .
the call is set to carnival music and is simply irritating . the scenes are disturbing ( for example a fly eating someone 's head ) . it is also dull . i was neither entertained nor inspired by this . i would n't watch the video again if someone paid me to view it . it is a shame to get a video and immediately throw it away
believe it or not , i had actually expected to hate this because it just does n't suit me for the good kind of music . it sounds just the way i thought it would sound : crappy . it is n't hard enough to be all that good if you ask me . it is just too calm . { and now you probably think i 'm a hypocrite because i like enya } . at least enya does n't sound like someone who sounds like they are in a garage band attempting to record bad music . not my style .
years ago , a group of children playing accidently kill one of their friends , and decide to keep a secret . years later when they 're all in high school , the girls twin brother exacts bloody revenge against them . your typical 80s horror film , not very notable other than leslie nielsen , and jamie lee curtis . this is one prom , better left unattended
this book is written from the viewpoint of a flaming socialist with the attitude that anything white or european or is overly valued in american history textbooks . loewen does have many valid points about what history textbooks omit , but the degree to which he is clearly slanted to the left is ludicrous . `` lies my teacher told me '' could have been an amazing book , but all it did was aggrivate me and motivate me to write a <NUM> page paper debunking half of what the author wrote , much to the dismay of my idiotic sociology professor . the only reason i did n't give the book <NUM> star is because the overall intent and effort put forth were good , but the book as a whole is just far too biased
the problem with this cd is their is another cd called & quot ; the singles & quot ; which contains all these songs and more . the only song left out is & quot ; wind beneath my wings. & quot ; true sheena 's version is far superior to bette midler 's it is better to buy the cd & quot ; machinery & quot ; from where the song was pulled
yeah , man . i used to be like really stupid . i got bad grades in school . but then i started listening to modest mouse 's music and i was like , `` whoa ! '' and now i 'm really smart , and no one is smarter than me in my whole school , including the teachers ! they should market `` lonesome crowded west '' on tv as a way to get kids to do better in school , because it makes you intelligent . it 's a scientific fact ! all you people who give this album a negative review whould go and listen again , because some times you have to listen more than once . and if you still do n't get it after like <NUM> listens , then listen <NUM> more , because listening that much to a rock and roll band is in no way pathetic . besides , being a modest mouse fan makes you a card carrying member of the special club , where you get to talk about modest mouse and the sophistication and about how isaac brock 's childhood was so tragic and nothing like that has ever happened to anyone else and how now he 's my god and astrology and modest mouse chatrooms and modest mouse t-shirts and modest mouse cds and books off the modest mouse website and how horrible capitalism is . do n't you wan na be a member of the club ? this cd has changed my life completely . i used to have no friends and i spent a lot of time in my parent 's basement . and now .... well , i still do n't have friends and i live in my parent 's basement , but the people online understand that i `` get '' how modest mouse 's music is an excellent replacement for the voids in my life that otherwise would have been filled with girlfriends and thinking ( yuch ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ) . and that one song where isaac says , `` my thoughts were n't so loud '' is like , so true , because we live in a democracy which just let 's the man hold isaac back . what we need to do is set up socialism , with isaac at the top and he 'll provide for the rest of us and we never have to get jobs because he 's so talented . he 's like , outgrown his fans , too . except me . like , some days , i listen to `` this is a long drive for someone with nothing to think about '' which is an awesome title because it 's so long it 's like a sentence and i 'm so cool and smart because i get that . well , i did n't really get that on my own , but i was the one who pushed the buttons while i was on the internet , in between visits to the modest mouse messageboard of course . but some days , i listen to the album and cry out in wonder at the height of my sophistication for listening and enjoying such a unique group , and i feel so accomplished and brilliant and that is n't a waste of a day at all . and then i go onto another album , like `` the moon and antarctica '' ( i did n't even know you could seen the moon from down there ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ) and i link all the geographcial and astronomical references and i learn a lot that week . and then i listen to that bootleg i got and then the dvd i got off ebay from another guy who `` gets modest mouse '' and suddenly i 've spent a year putting all these things together from the lyrics and i 'm like `` whoa , i thought i was smart before , but now i 'm really smart , '' you know , because i 've spent so much time listening to modest mouse and talking about modest mouse on the internet , and suddenly it 's been , like five years , which is perfect because that 's how often my gods put out an album . it 's odd i have n't realized yet that i 've completely dedicated myself to a rock band and all my money , opportunity , and life have been paid over to modest mouse . it 's just a good thing that i think for myself and that i 'm so different from all the other modest mouse fans that do the exact same thing i do . yep , good thing . j5w2k9 @ hotmail.com
disney keeps goming out with sequels to the best dvd 's ever made.the jungle book limited issue is the best movie ever made.my grandson watches it all the time . its made for the child also the adult like me . i bought jungle book <NUM> totally dissapointed in the dvd . i did not like it at all i returned it.its a horible movie for children : disney stop ruining our excellent dvds.i give this dvd a -
though mr. steyn does have strong opinions and some good observations , his judgements are tainted by an anti-gay bias ( he titles one chapter `` the fags '' , and it 's not meant affectionately ) . his readings of stories such as the reaction of lorenz hart upon hearing `` oklahoma '' in a blackout could have been better informed by further research , and he repeats lerner 's silly comment about lorenz hart being to short to be heterosexual so he had to turn to men . the book is also dated in many respects including the waning influence of british operettas and the public 's acceptance of stephen sondheim . rather than this book i would reccommend anything by ethan mordden or martin gottfried
if this had been the first book by iris johnason i had read it would have been the last . i have read many of her books . this one is at the bottom of the pile ! it was to long and drawn out . i thought it would never end . several times i almost did n't finish it but thought it would pick up at some point . i was just borin
i suppose if you never read the book , you might think this movie is good ... maybe even charming . but having gone into the theatre with this as my favorite novel , i was so grossly disappointed i ca n't tell you . see , the book is about two people - novalee and willie jack . they head west together , until willie jack abandons her at a walmart . they part ways on more than one level - his life goes as low as a life can , and her life rises beautifully . it 's a study in contrasts , and it 's done impeccably in the novel , with a plethora of complex characters to richen the journey ... but it did n't translate because of hollywood 's froo-froo mentality . hollywood cut benny goodluck - a main character in the novel - completely out and shaved moses ( another major character ) down to a bit part while making novalee 's one-visit-mother a major player . and they destroyed forney ... who is supposed to be eccentric , late-thirties genius , withdrawn and strange ... they turned him into a twenty-something easy-going stud type with a crooked smile . so . not . forney . i never wanted to jump thru the screen and slap people so badly in my life . that horrid . and lexie ... she 's supposed to be a size <NUM> with four kids and white-trash tendencies ... and they put ashley judd in the role . hello ... ? ! ? ! does that picture at the top look like a size <NUM> with four kids and white trash tendencies to you ? that 's just the biggie complaints , too . read the book , do n't watch the movie . you 'll be amazed at how inept hollywood was at telling this story
this is easily the worst book in the e & e series
i read the only review for this item and ordered it , expecting to see a fantastic display of sound and some of the interaction of these artists with mr hancock as they created music , each colaborating to have a unique blend of sounds . actually this is only a documentary showing this interaction , and as such is very interesting . but if you are looking to see an hear the full length videos of these great colaborations you will be disappointed , that is not included in this dvd . only small samples are there for you to see . this was a real disapointmet because the quality of video and audio are fantastic .
do n't offer this release as an album and make us buy an overpriced cd single with it to get the christmas disc . instead , bring the `` <NUM> ships '' album back out with however many of these songs will fit as `` bonus tracks '' . from what most customers are saying here , this release was a dud . fortunately i still have the lp version of `` ships '' that they really seem to want . today i dug it out , made mp3s and burned that to a cdr . which i will gladly destroy when i see `` <NUM> ships ( bonus tracks '' show up here for me to buy . this may be non-pc , but can i get an ay-men ?
every singer has his song , on this album robbie nails beyond the sea and the rest of the songs suck . louis armstrong nailed mack the knife and frank sinatra nailed it was a very good year . robbie william does not have the depth these singers have to pull off these songs . sorry . hope you did not purchase this album . you can get the finding nemo soundtrack for half the price and it has beyond the sea on it
hopefully this isnt the image the world has of the american . if it is ..... no wonder we are such a despised bunch . first off .... this book pretty much said nothing new . it is a `` either you toe the line with us ... or you are a traitor and giving comfort to the enemy '' bunch of re-hash.standard , neo-con , defense of each and everything that this administration does type thing . the thing i found funny .... i guess ... is that he says why we fight ? is is just me .... or do all the bloated , fat , wannabe heroes who write this stuff pretty much fit the draft dodger .... sit in the back and start the fight and not get involved mold ! ! ! ? ? ? itis also hard to read about how we should do all this from this virtuous air sack while he preaches to the masses and then does exactaly as he pleases at the gambling table . oh .... but then we are told by him and his pack of talk show leaches that it was okay for doctor bennett to doit cause he could ... ugh ... afford the loss ! ! ! yikes ! ! moral clarity .... better get some doctor bennett before you start pointing your fat fingers at everyone else ! ! ! i guess this would be good reading to someone who wants their already neo-conistic views confirmed ... the same reason to listen to his ridiculous radio show . but the hypocrisy of this arrogant , do-gooder was almost too muc
i 've seen cheesy and i 've seen wannabe with the difference between the two being the level pandering to a more intelligent audience . this movie is definitely for guys that like to get their shakespeare from wwf . schwarzenegger 's best movie will ever be terminator . if he could have ended with the classic `` i 'll be back '' and not really come back to make any number of horrid films we might actually have some decent science fiction . last good science fiction i saw was gattaca . total recall definitely ai n't science fiction and is n't even very good action as compared with say the mindless gore of predator . now that was action you could taste and you knew there was n't much pretense of science fiction going on . i 'd give total recall a <NUM> or less but they only let me enter a <NUM>
i 'm a huge fan of the beatles . i 'm also a huge fan of the modern artists that did this album . .. and the backbeat movie was ok too . so i figure , how can i go wrong . i 'll buy the record . well simply put , the album sounds like a bunch of generic poo . why in the world did they have thurston moore on here ? hmm , we need somebody to stand there and strum basic chords .. let 's bring in someone who normally plays sound-effects guitar with magnets and drumsticks . obviously the point was to put together a modern supergroup ( underground supergroup anyway ) to cover a supergroup . problem = it does n't sound like the beatles or like these familiar modern artists . it just falls somewhere boringly inbetween , though that might be exactly what some people would want . dave grohl can not sing . yeah that 's right i said it . gumby was a better rockstar then this guy . .. well i mean that sarcastically but thinking about it , gumby was actually a really cool rockstar . but back on topic , dave grohl needs to stick to things he 's good at like chewing gum , beating the snot out of drum-sets , and growing big sweaty moustaches . i 've heard cardboard boxes blowing in the wind that sounded more exciting then this record . if amazon.com had the feature , i 'd give it a negative star just for having the guy from soul asylum on it .
this is a continuation of the mind of the soul by this pair and the seat of the soul by mr. zukav . he has published three others about the soul , yet he is not a psychologist or specialist in this field . this is an extremely simplified textbook which found its way to the library sale . the bold-faced `` highlighted '' parts throughout are distracting . from some of the diagams , these ideas : `` the early antidote for painful emotions is love and trust '' ( combined ) , `` you continually encounter what your soul wants you to encounter . when you resist your encounters , you resist the purpose of your life , the beneficience of the universe , non-physical assistance . that resistance is your pain , '' and `` stress is your indication you are resisting your experience in the present moment . when you resist your emotions , you create stress . '' your emotions are the force field of your soul . each emotion is a message for you , a signal from your soul . when you are aware of everything you are feeling all the time ( emotional awareness ) , you are in continual communication with your soul . this book is a lot of wishful thinking . they are a good-looking couple , but hardly qualified to influence educated persons about how to handle emotions or reach deep down to find one 's soul . that is a spiritual thing
many reviewers on this site read tlgpe in the <NUM> 's , when we were young and impressionable . ( i happened to be <NUM> when i read it . ) if one could be sued for intellectual forgery , lindsey would certainly be found at fault . most of us , thankfully , have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years . after all , when we read tlgpe , we were young . we were searching and seeking . we did n't have all of the facts . there were wolves who knew this , and they preyed upon us . many people who were older , yet still intellectually undeveloped , read this book and were moved to 'believing ' . for most of us , our minds matured . we began to see the vast chinks in lindsey 's pompous christian armor . we began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen , by people who use a subtle , gentle cloth of manipulation to control others . this is beyond dangerous . it is beyond extreme , as most of us have now found out . i love a good horror novel . i love a good 'true crime ' thriller . but the fact that people read lindsey 's books and take them at face value is , perhaps , one of the scariest notions i have ever imagined . that , dear reader , is beyond horrific . . . and far more terrifying than anything you 'll find in the bible or any of lindeys 'books ' . the only thing scarier is that mr. lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated , silly , contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago . please do n't be the next sucker . please do n't add this one to your cart .
now usually if i know <NUM> % that something is wack , i wo n't waste my money on it and can just download it for free . now i wish that i did n't even do that at all . a lot of reviewers seem to have faced the facts : paris can not sing ! this here has proven that clearly . now that i think about it , what can she do ? ... other than being a rich [ female ] who keep her name in the news ( that `` e ! '' channel if anyone actually watches that ) on something stupid . now on to this . there is no other explaimation to it except that it sucks . the original song sucks , and the four remixes are even worse , not to mention that some of them are pretty long in length . but lets face the facts ; despite many <NUM> or <NUM> star reviews , bull [ ... ] music is going to sell . true , if the rap group dead <NUM> life can have a high selling single `` laffy taffy '' and have their album go gold , there is no telling for what numbers paris hilton will put up , just because it 's her . easily one of the worst songs i 've heard in the past <NUM> years . take my advice : there is halfassed talent out there that is better than this . also $ <NUM> is too much to have something to sit your drinks on . and if this is imported , it should have been confiscated when trying to get through u.s. customs . it 's that bad ! when songs like this see the light of day , you know that shes doing whatever she can to stay relevant . lyrics : f production : d- musical vibes :
i read all the reviews before purchasing this book and they are totally wrong ! ! this is by far the worst cookbook i ever bought . for starters the cover is the end of the color pages . the whole thing is mono-tone with no color what-so-ever . the recipes consist of items that an everyday working mom couldnt find or afford ! like swordfish , lamb , tampanade sauce , kasseri and gorgonzola cheese , etc . to name a few . of all the recipes , i think i would maybe only try <NUM> and they are similar recipes to those i can get off the internet for free . in addition several recipes have a sauce that goes with it and it never gives the sauce recipe on the same page . in fact it doesnt even tell you where to find the recipe . at the end of the book you discover the `` sauces '' finally ... i am re-listing this book which i got less than <NUM> hours ago to resell ... horrible ..
as was described in other reviews , this book in big , unorganized heap of too short anecdotes ( half page ) , which become boring very quickly . one of worst kind of popular science book . may be her talent are better suited for other fields .
what is this compilation have to do with anything ? these are a bunch of essential songs with a few remixes that are already on other cd 's ! gold ? where in the hell is the platinum collection at ? i was hoping to fine more rare remixes from the artists listed on this cd , instead of nothing . hip-o records should be more focused than the efforts of this project . what about the other eric b & rakim expanded projects ( uncut , please , unlike the gold album they did for them ... ) uptown records compilation re-release , marley marl 's first jams on mca ... who 's with me on this ? even better , how about helping with bep to stop selling out and making quality hip hop music again . i suggest some real crate-diggers for the hip-o staff in the future because this cd is a redicule of hip hop music , and they 're not doing jackbone for r & b either ! i got one name for that : switch 's full-length albums on cd ! hip-o and mca/geffen/universal , if you 're not going to at least make up you minds what name to use to lead the company , stop keeping the people waiting for quality products . i will not buy this so-called hip hop gold cd because it 's junk !
my question for the morons at paramount is why do possibly glue the sticker seals the container with such strong stuff that you can not avoid ruining the container when you remove it . may i remind that this a colletor 's item ! ! ! ! ! therefore if you damage it is worthless
this is a how to book on taking a great subject and destroying it . marc eliot writes like a reporter for the national enquirer or any other of the numerous tattle sheets at the grocery store checkout . my daughter bought me this book for my birthday because she knew i like jimmy stewart . i read it but almost wish i had not . it is trash and a waste of time
i already knew before buying this movie that i wouldnt like it , atleast it comes with phenomena wich is alot better imo . inferno is not one of argento 's best at all and doesent even deserve to be known as a sequel to suspiria . i like all of his films espesially the gallio ones but this just doesent hold up to his other work . it does have all his imagination but not his style . pick it up with phenomena and maybe youll like it but i doubt it
as an eco fan , i could not wait to read his latest novel . sadly , i was deeply disappointed by this pompous , self-indulgent , virtually unreadable monster . the cultural and literary references are obscure and incomprehensible unless you are a 70-something italian librarian .
first , i should remind you , dear reader , that since italics , boldface type , and underlines ca n't be used in these kind of reviews , i have to use one capital letter in some mid-sentence words to slightly stress them and use all capitals to stress other words even more ! anyway , one star on this review is one star too many to give this album and band . i received this album as a gift for my birthday while i was on the other side of the country . i 'd never even heard of this band until then , much less any of their songs by pure and simple osmosis . when i finally got around to taking it out of the wrapping and putting it into the cd player of my car on the way to work and back , i was not impressed with the opening song , nor the second , nor the third , etcetera , and so on , and so forth ... i kept wondering if this coma-inducing drone ( interrupted only by the screaming of the word `` nothing '' at least <NUM> times at the end of the first song ) was some kind of tactical build-up by the band so they could eventually break out a song that made them at least somewhat big ( much less a hit ) to start the party . you know the kind of song i mean , do n't you , dear reader ? i mean the kind of song that makes you think `` whoa ! who 's this ? ! '' because it has a either a great opening , or a great first line or four , or at least something to grab your attention within the first minute , like ani difranco 's song `` out of range '' would do in less than <NUM> seconds . anyway , many extremely torturous minutes later , the 9th song came along ( ironically for me , it 's called `` wishful thinking '' ) and i honestly could n't take anymore of this drivel ! i gave this band a whole nine tries to make something that at least resembles an impression and all i got was only slightly less musical boredom as when i did when i once tried to listen to the only bad album i currently know by tangerine dream : `` zeit '' . that album , by the way , was basically four 20-minute bits of what seemed like people in an orchestra tuning up their instruments and eventually matching one single note with each other before the conductor starts a symphony you never get to hear . as i said , this album is only a micrometer less boring . i honestly can not understand how anyone who scouts for the music industry could have happened along this sorry excuse for a band and thought to themselves `` wow ! these guys are on fire ! i must get them to the studio and p.r . them immediately ! ! '' let me put it this way , dear reader : remember that song `` next time i fall in love '' by peter cetera and amy grant back in the mid to late <NUM> 's ? in comparison to the so-called songs on this album , that cutesy ballad will sound more intense and energetic than `` paranoid '' by black sabbath . maybe wilco got their record contract by winning a contest of who could bore an audience the quickest . oh , and if you 're wondering to yourself , `` oh yeah ? well , let 's see this guy ( as in me ) make a better album ! '' i already have made a better album and i 'll gladly show it to you . leave me a response to this review if you want that proof . aaaaaannnnnd ... cut ! that 's a wrap
flatland is for advanced students -seniors and up- who are participating in a physchological study class . this book warps your thinking about the geometric rules . unfortunately , it is written in such a way that even if you are a very concentrated reader , you can not read a paragraph withouth being distracted . the diction in this story is made to be boring . a teacher assigned freshmen students-in high school- to read this and everyone complained because it literally takes and hour to get through a couple of pages . you must also reread the text to find some sort of meaning . this book is not meant for anyone under <NUM> and is certainly not enjoyable for leisurely purposes
period dramas are , by definition , delicate commodities : they 're balanced on that , ahem , `` razor 's edge '' between high brow and just plain fussiness . i think `` howard 's end '' is a case of a robust novel buried in tea time and english lace . milliners , set designers and helena bonham carter 's hair stylist had their job cut out for them on this one
fifty-five minutes into this film , after freya ( jane march ) listens to the beast 's explanation of his current condition -- it is the punishment of odin for killing a bear -- she says , `` what does it mean ? it makes no sense . '' although there is still half an hour yet to come , these eight words pretty much sum up this low-budget variant of `` beauty and the beast . '' the very title blood of beasts ( plural ) makes no sense . the film shows us only one beast -- a kind of man-bear -- and he is a revived and metamorphosed version of odin 's pet bear , blended or fused with the man who killed it . academic scholars might argue that swaggering-but-cowardly sven ( played by william gregory lee ) is a kind of beast as well ( thus giving us two beasts ) , but we have no way of knowing what the writer and director intended . most likely the title was devised by somebody in the marketing department who had not seen the film . surely the blurb on the back of the dvd 's hard case was written by another marketing person who never watched it either ; e.g. , it is untrue that freya `` must undertake a deadly battle when her father and fiance are captured by a tormented monster . . . cast out by his people . '' nor is it true that `` the beast [ singular ] . . . battles with freya for his redemption . '' further , expect no truth in these grand-sounding words : `` prepare for the ultimate tale of love and sacrifice , damnation and salvation . '' btw , the front of the hard case has a fake sepia picture of jane march/freya shooting an arrow in an impossible manner : the arrow 's shaft is two or three inches above her hand that 's gripping the bow . with one exception , the acting is a perfect match for the script : laughably poor . the exception is the beast ( played by david dukas ) . one is tempted to quip that only this role has `` teeth '' ; the fact is that only his role permits audio engineers ( or whoever ) to enhance the actor 's voice electronically , only his role required serious make-up , and only his role required a `` special effect '' ( his morphing back to agnar , which every semi-conscious viewer , by a third of the way into the film , knew was coming ) . other viewers have commented on the comical tropical setting of this viking saga and the laughable `` ships . '' most preposterous is the tiny skiff that freya and ingrid ( candice hillebrand ) use to rescue king thorsson ( greg melvill-smith ) . on the island , the beast possesses an iron cage ( which clearly has been welded together using 20th- or 21st-century equipment ) ; when the king is confined in it , it can only be secured from the outside -- and yet , when freya is put inside it for her own protection at night , only she has control of its locking device . how convenient . the costumes are also anacronistically interesting , but only ms. march 's deserve extended comment . when we first see her , she is wearing a little black viking bikini as she swims with friends ; then , besides flimsy chain mail , we see her in an array of gowns that seem to be fashoned from finely woven or knit fabrics -- the final one being most noteworthy for its sequined molded push-up bra-top . lest this review seem too harsh , a few individuals connected with this film deserve special mention for their outstanding contributions : mark thomas , who composed the viking music ; rob bishop , one of the focus pullers ; ryan lotter and steven ndlovu , two clapper loaders ; andrew gribble , a grip ; ben phiri , the generator operator ; guy bonner , transport manager ; johannes sithole , fabrication assistant ; kirsty taylor , prosthetics ; maxmillian van der merwe , standby set dresser ; dirk knoesen , stand-by [ sic ] carpenter ; sally van der merwe , scenic artists [ sic ] ; janine wyatt-mair , stunt performer ; grace sibiyo , seamstress ; diane allen , hair supervisor ; bianca , trainee make-up assistant ; ian thysse , medic ; and mark ferda , who did double duty as both dialogue editor and re-recording mixer . oh , one more thing : after coming out of her cage in the morning , jane march seems to have a nude swim in the sea , which the poor beast views from hiding , far-far-far away
i hate this band.they were the least respected group in the 70's.the only group which mattered in the <NUM> 's was pink floyd.i just cant understand that why in <NUM> would people want to listen to these talentess di * * heads when there is so much better music available than this.get pearl jam 's self titled album instead.buy this stupid album if you are still living in 1970's.zero star
`` reefer madness '' ( originally `` tell your children '' ) was created to teach parents that it 's never too early to scare the holy crap out of your kids . through this film we learn that the soul-destroying effects of marihuana ( mike nelson explains in the commentary that this film was made before the invention of the letter j ) far surpass those of cocaine or heroin . we see firsthand that even teens who can quote shakespeare like nobody 's business can not escape its evils . here are some of the symptoms of casual marihuana use : - laughing maniacally while running people down in the street - playing the piano too fast - having sexual relations with people you do n't really like that much - accidentally shooting people you do like pretty well - having no recollection of being framed for murder if your child has experienced any of these symptoms , he or she is a marihuana addict . the solution is simple : force them to watch `` reefer madness '' because if we do n't heed its warning , `` reefer madness <NUM> '' will be coming to a theater near you or you ... or you
mack <NUM> seems to have lost it . like ice cube with war and peace , he tries to sound hard with an edge but you can tell he 's trying too hard . he seems to have lost his hunger along with ice cube after the westside connection album . this is probably <NUM> 's worst album has he continues to fall . wc 's the only hope for the old westside connection . mack <NUM> 's gangsta believability is very very questionable after putting out a pretty lousy album here
jamie foxx might be best known as a mediocre actor ( with one good performance as `` ray. '' ) . but now he can best known now as a mediocre singer/writer . while he has a good voice , he 's either corny or has no hooks . basically , there is no substance but he figures he can capitalize after the movie `` ray . '' and to anyone who says that he can write good songs , let 's look at a song and see his wonderful poetic lyrics : yo you sleep naw i just um , i think i want some more yea i know we just got through but its just so good , i just caint help it tho ' its something about your body naw it aint all i think about well to be honest , oh im startin ' to believe , something 's wrong wit me , cause everyday , every night , every hour , every minute i 'm thinkin ' ` bout it i can be at my job , in my car , up in church and when i try to pray it off , it wo n't work it seems that i caint get enough of [ chorus : ] ( sex ) all the time ( sex ) on my mind ( sex ) everywhere i go ( sex ) i 'm tryna let you know ( sex ) it 's stronger than any drug even love s-e-x ohhheee ( sex ) can make you crazy ( sex ) can make a baby ( sex ) all night long ( sex ) it 's the perfect song ( sex ) stronger than any drug even love s-e-x oh its getting to the point where i ( where i ) i watch it on tv when i buy dvds thirty-nine ninety-nine for the new releases ( 39.99 for the new releases ) i aint proud of it , cause it 's getting in the way of love for me and i caint help it , caint shake it ( you know what ) sometimes i hear it calling me [ chorus : ] ( sex ) all the time ( sex ) on my mind ( sex ) everywhere i go ( sex ) i 'm tryna let you know ( sex ) it 's stronger than any drug even love s-e-x ohhheee ( sex ) can make you crazy ( sex ) can make a baby ( sex ) all night long ( sex ) it 's the perfect song ( sex ) stronger than any drug even love s-e-x oh some call it bad , some call it good some do it bourgeois , some do it hood i do it hood ( can i say that one more time ) girl i do it hood ohh some like it slow , some like it fast it do n't matter the tempo long as it lasts i make it last ( can i say that one more time ) girl i make it last ohh -wow , that 's a big pile of garbage ! lyrics like that should easily win him a grammy . keep it up , jamie !
i wish i had followed everett logan 's advice and skipped this cassette . you can tell that the material itself is great , but the narrator is terrible , terrible , terrible . he dumbs down the text . i bought this to give to someone recuperating from surgery , but decided to listen to it myself first . i 'm glad i did -- i would have been embarrassed to give this to anyone
only basic info on planning a project and included plans are just a teaser to get you to purchase complete plans . there are much better general barn/shed books
oh , dear ... this movie was an abomination . why must directors insist on picking up books and deciding not to read them and make a movie out of them instead ? i can see why they would change a few plot and character points to make the book 's storyline more marketable to the target moviegoers . but honestly ... there are many elements in the book that would have translated well to film that they left out and replaced with something cliched and unoriginal . and the film design ! bleh ! maybe it would be appealing to 5-year-old girls ... but to me it looked garish , cheap , and ... really fake . the costuming was slightly better than our high school plays , and the sets looked frighteningly bright and animated . i felt so much dumber after watching this movie . i feel like i need an iq test ... or a good book . speaking of good books , ella enchanted is one of my favorites . i do n't know why i thought of that book just now . i guess this movie vaguely reminded me of it ... but not much
let 's be up straight and honest . there is nothing really to recommend or like about this movie . shot on a shoestring budget way back in <NUM> , balkan runner has a stiff and pondering script full of holes ( like how did the hunky hero get unhandcuffed from the dominatrix 's claws ? ) , a talentless cast , and a score reminiscent of a 70s cartoon series . daisy white is certainly lovely as is isabel russinova , but their emotional range is that of a rutabaga . paced incredibly slow and with no exciting sequences to brag about , balkan runner is one of those movies you 've never heard about , and rightly so ! !
stellan skarsgard and diane lane , two otherwise talented actors , completely embarass themselves in this absurd , trite and predictable `` thriller '' that turns out to be more of a comedy than anything else when all is said and done . skarsgard and lane play a wealthy couple who become the legal guardians of <NUM> teenagers when their parents are killed in a car crash . for some reason that is conveniently overlooked by the script , the fact that skarsgard and lane are <NUM> psychos is never realized by these parents , who have presumably known them for a long time . but of course , what place does logic have in this movie after all ? while the performances are all good , the actors can only do so much with the terrible script they 're given to work with . every plot `` twist '' can be seen coming a mile away . some scenes even exceed the point of absurdity , case in point : when skarsgard is able to take out an experienced police officer and then steal his gun . go insult our intelligence somewhere else . and what 's with all the product placement ? this probably earned the movie more revenue than box office sales . shameless . if there 's any saving grace to this movie , it is leelee sobieski , although it 's a shame that her breakout role was in this turkey . she deserves a script that equals her talent . but she is certainly nice to watch , especially the scene where she strips down to her 2-piece bathing suit revealing her bodicious , delicious , nutritious , i-want-some-of-that-icious body . but hey , when a movie has nothing else to offer it may as well cash in on sex appeal , right ? rent this one first if you absolutely must see it .
after i heard the new bone cd i had much faith in this new release from layzie , although his previous efforts were all , very admittedly , bombs . and unfortunately this new release was no change for layzie bone . it seems as if a layzie with out the thugs is not a good deal .. with no `` hardcore '' or `` club worthy '' songs , his cd lacks anything truly listenable ... honestly , his lyrics do n't even represent his talent on his solo releases ... will somebody please tell layzie to not release solo albums ! ! he is tarnishing his reputation as a rap artist !
this was my first time listening to gaelle and all i can say is `` hmmmmm '' .... this cd was depressing to me , all the beats were down beat . this cd would be a great buy for someone who is always in a somber mood and never has an optimistic outlook on life .
the reason i do n't recommend this book , despite the nice writing and decriptions of the western highlands , is for one dark fact : a number of wild otters died for maxwell 's selfish pursuit of having a wild animal as a pet . this is not the story of a man who raises abandoned wild otters cubs in the western highlands and releases them but the story of a man who takes otters from the wild in iraq and africa and tries to raise them in scotland . what this story also tells us is that , if you are of a privillaged class , you can have any wild animal you want as your pet . today this is illegal `` pet '' trading and it is responsible for pushing certain species to the edge of extinction . i know that at the time this practice was not looked down upon as it is today and certain other nature writers ( durrell , heinrich ) engage in the same practice but with a more educated populus it should be clear : wild animals are not pets and they should stay wild
this album does n't offer `` the best of scooter '' only the best after <NUM> . all the previous singles like `` move your ass '' `` back in the uk '' `` fire '' and `` the age of love '' are not present here . it 's a allright album for starters but personally i think that the music they made from 1994-1999 was the best and many of those songs are not here , while lots of newer one 's that does n't offer you the true sound of scooter that are here are n't very good . i own `` rough & tough & dangerous : 94-98 '' that does include some of the classics and it also offers you some wonderful instrumental trance songs that really proves the genius of this band ( we do n't see that very often anymore though ) . while songs like `` how much is the fish '' `` i 'm your pusher '' `` call me manana '' and `` we are the greatest '' are all great songs you can find them on `` no time to chill '' instead , other then that , get the album i recommended instead of this that is n't really their `` best of '' anyway
& quot ; heist & quot ; is , well , an heist movie like so many others . this one goes completely by the book and is uninspired at all levels . gene hackman gives a standart , average performance as the burglar who starts having problems with his mates . this is a & quot ; who fools who ? & quot ; picture , it has some required though predictable twists at the end and the character motivations remain unclear . in fact , the characters themselves remain unclear , since they don ` t speak all that much and the dialogue is poor . acclaimed director david mamet glues scene after scene with little creativity , so most of them turn to be boring and lifeless . this just seems like a weak episode of some late-night cable b-tv series . dull , unsurprising and shallow , one to avoid
i ca n't believe people like eazy-e more than dr.dre . dre is way better than sleazy-e. stay with dre , not sleazy-e
the manual helped my husband in writing his reports in the apa format . the only thing he recommends is that there should be more examples in the book . at times , he has to search for the items that were not clear in the internet
i bought this book for .25 cents at a yard sale . boy did i waste my quarter ! i found no new meditation techniques in this little rag . it is clear to understand why the sales ranking of this book is only 608,394 . this is your basic , `` you know the envision white light garbage and hold your breath to the count of ...... '' . you know the same junk that all charlatons teach . this book is pitiful at best .
i had to purchase this book for a community college class i 'm taking . as a `` textbook , '' it has been a complete disappointment . the `` science '' is sketchy , the research is shoddy , and the huge holes in logic are brushed over with explanations like `` you ca n't prove nearly anything empirically in education '' ( straight from page <NUM> ! ) . some of the concepts presented are interesting , but since mr. jensen ( no , he does n't hold a doctorate ) provides almost no citations for his claims , there is no way to check his assertions or determine where the theories come from . the book reads like a multilevel marketing sales pitch . in fact , you are encouraged to share it with your friends and colleagues and are directed to a website where you could empty your bank account getting `` certified '' in mr. jensen 's unique , `` empirically unproven '' techniques
this is one of those rare treats in the literary world that grab your attention , keep you enthralled , and refuse to let you stop reading . i read this book and literally did not sleep one night because i was too busy trying to finish the book . but what makes this book so rare is not because of how good it is , but it 's because how good everything is until the very end . that 's right , the incredible cop-out of an ending made me mad enough to hate the entire novel . this is `` deus ex machina '' in its finest form . this is unexcusable in my opinion . i just do n't get it . i just do n't understand how one can ( seemingly ) work so hard on a work of fiction only to screw everyone in the final pages . i gave it two stars ( as opposed to one ) for fooling everyone into reading through this book . this is by far and away my most dissappointing reading ever
if you 're looking for the sound of the original recordings , look to a different cd .
roberts songwriting falls flat . we did n't find the songs as appropriate for children as many other children artists . roberts songs are very bleak and not children friendly . stick with wiggles or ralph 's world
you guessed it . i 'm a cracka from england that has no idea or grasp on african american life ; therefore i 'm really not qualified to give a justifiable review of this book . i just figured i would chime in like all racist saltines do . sorry
this is probably the biggest disapointment i 've ever had in a cd . when i bought this i was expecting the crazy das efx from sewaside , dead serios and hold it down . if you know das efx then do n't get this album . the beats are all the same and the lyrics are wack compared to what they used to be
jack nicholson is wasted in this movie . he does n't get to be jack , he just plays a watered down characature of himself . but the worst aspect of the movie is the very basis of the story . sandler 's character keeps getting set up and as a viewer you keep wanting a payoff , a reprisal , but the point of the movie is that his character wo n't do it . so you have a buildup of tension throughout the movie followed by a weak and rushed attempt at a payoff . the movie should have been dumped in the first draft stage . i chuckled at <NUM> throwaway gags in the film ; the rest of the time i kept looking at my watch wondering when it would be over
this story should have and could have been really good . it presents a great concept , but the story is just so poorly crafted . it is very sexist , the prose is stiff , and the plot is dull . i will concede that it was interesting at times ; it kept me reading , but i really did n't get much out of it . i can only praise heinlein for including the `` intelligent conversation '' which takes place after the press conference , where there is a great explantion on why the english language is so difficult to learn . the whole story is just very odd . do read it though . it 's a title to read if you wish to be considered `` well read . '' despite its faults , valentine michael smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten , just as we will never forget atticus from `` to kill a mockingbird . ''
alright , the film has gorgeous landscapes , beautiful costumes and quite talented actors . however , if the director believed that incorporating pornography in the film would make up for its lack of historical accuracy , she was sadly mistaken . first of all , artemisia `` was '' raped by agostino tassi -- although she did not bring up a case against him as soon as it happened -- and she never fell in love with him . agostino tassi , likewise , was never the loving and caring person portrayed in this film but an opportunistic man who believed himself to be superior to all other artists of his time , and the reason he raped artemisia was that a virtuous girl would `` pay '' a lot of money amongst friends , and the one who rid the girl of her virginity would win and ensure that the girl did n't find a suitable husband . yes , artemisia did go to trial , and yes she was tortured , but all the while for her case against agostino tassi . she accused him of rape -- even though her father did not support her -- and won her case after being tortured and ridiculed for being a `` female painter '' . i was extremely disappointed in the film and i 'm sure that art historians will find it as ridiculous and faulty
sloppy , trite lyrics , way too much quitar . these guys do n't know what their doing . massively over-rated . belle and sebastian are <NUM> times better than this crap band
the criticism that a lot of the perfume and aromatherapy community has leveled at this book has been that there is nothing in this book that is not already in print . i 'd be willing to agree with that . considering that chrissie wildwood is out of print , and that arctander and tisserand are hard to find inexpensively , this book is an okay stand-in for those which preceded it . it is not the final authority however , despite the glowing reviews . get the original works from these three authors if you possibly can , if you consider yourself a perfumery scholar
this book is a watered down version of the e-myth revisited , which is a good book . the e-myth contactor - is a summary of m. gerber 's program with `` contractor stories . '' there is no true insight into the contactor industry . my guess is this is the 1st of many books focusing on specific industries . my advice is to skip this book , just purchase gerber 's e-myth revisited & make the connections yourself
i must agree with a few others on here that i was disappointed with this version of 'peter pan ' . pros : -cathy rigby 's skill as an olympic gymnast really gave peter a great element of athleticism . great voice and fun actress . -scenic design and set design all really nicely done , a bit predictable , but predictable is what an audience wants to see when they to to a production of 'peter pan' cons : -the cuts ! like others have said , this production is totally rushed and they made some weird cuts . -the face value acting does n't go deep enough into the characters . while all these performers are skilled individuals , i was not impressed with their acting . however , this could be partially the fault of the director as well . -the lip synching was a huuuuuuge disappointment ! -i do n't understand what the deal is with the adults playing lost boys . yes , adult performers can often perform more sophisticated choreography , but a certain nostalgia and innocence is brought to the production when actual kids are invovled . with all that said , i think that kids would love this video . however , as a musical theatre student there are several shortcomings to this production overall . nice musical , so-so interpretation . :
george harrison had incredible talents that inspired the world . he was not only a member of the beatles but he was also one of the writers . in his solo career he sang along side of bob dylan and other greats in the `` concert for bangladesh '' . . . . so just what happened ? how did this man who soared with the eagles suddenly take a nose dive and swim in the turkey droppings ? how could such a winner like george harrison create such a loser of a solo album ? my guess , maybe , it was his divorce with patti boyd at the time . perhaps it may have been because of his laryngitis , but that had already healed after he made his `` dark horse '' album . but whatever the reason , his other albums take off to the skies while this one crashes into a tree . harrison plagiarizes his own material with `` this guitar ca n't keep from crying '' which is pitiful excuse for `` while my guitar gently weeps '' . if you have a small child that can not go to sleep , just play him this song at night and the problem will be solved . the best song this album is `` you '' which is horribly mediocre but the only one that is not boring . the song `` his name is legs '' could have been a good hard rock song except that it was too repetitious and you would still get bored after the first half . the rest of the album is a giant sleeping pill . no need for over the counter insomnia medicine ! play this record before you go to bed and have a great night 's sleep !
this is basically a book of few words , many uninspiring photographs , and a some weak hints here and there that reveal to you the astonishing secret of clutter-free living : just buy a bunch of cute and clever containers to store all your junk ! there is virtually nothing meaty in this thing about how to get organized and stay clutter-free .
this is a retelling of the canterbury tales , very simplified ... in some cases leaving out the best parts ! i believe it may have been originally intended safe for children . if you 're looking for a translation into modern english , keep looking . i am
`` point of no return '' is fantastic , `` i ca n't wait '' a little less so . whatever happened to this band ? the two tracks above are worth the modest purchase price
this movie is not so much a sequel to the original , but simply a film that borrows that film 's premise and tries to rejuvenate it with different touches . ultimately , it does n't work because the script and pacing are weak , and although eric lively and erica durance are charming in their roles , their thespian skills do n't really convince us they 're sincere in their performances . there is also no real explanation for lively 's abilities and when he makes his final `` return '' , why does n't he just not go to work and then maybe ... well , do n't want to spoil it . it 's not a rotten movie , but it 's merely another direct to video release that wo n't stay with you too long
peter falk 's book was nothing but a few stories . he only talks about a few columbo episodes , he is so brief and uninteresting . also , he talks about his buddies too much . who cares about john cassavetes ! he talks like he 's some filmmaking genius . if you want to read about peter falk and his life as an actor , it 's sadly left out . he does n't even talk about how he met his wives . sadly , a very dissappointing book . not recommended !
i like slayer . i really do . this is one of the fastest , heaviest metal bands in existance , but i could never get in to their early albums , especially hell awaits . i tend to prefer their later albums like reign in blood , because they were much better produced . rick rubin made those records sound the way a speed metal record should , with everything up front in your face . reign in blood had the most `` in your face '' sound of any record i 've ever heard . hell awaits on the other hand is just soaked in so much reverb that it sometimes reminds me of `` pyromania '' by def leppard ! this is one of the heaviest bands in existance . how is a speed metal band supposed to sound heavy when their producer insists on making them in to the speed metal version of def leppard ? thrash is supposed to be `` in your face '' . there 's no place for reverb on a speed metal record . you want to hear heavilly reverbed production , than go buy a def leppard cd ! i myself prefer a more aggressive style that fits this kind of music . down with reverb ! i hate reverb ! layers of reverb have no place in speed metal
five stars for the music but reduced to one star for content and value . value ? ? ? at around $ <NUM> this box set to mark tony bennett 's 80th birthday year is obviously aimed at the hardcore bennett fan / collector , rather than at the casual buyer . with that in mind one is left wondering what exactly it was that sony/columbia thought they were giving to us that was so special ? what we have ended up with is a frustratingly mixed bag . firstly , the packaging . the picture on amazon seems to be an early mock up of the set , as the finished product is more elaborate . the box is a cube covered in black velour with bennett 's signature embossed into the top . the front of the box has a perspex panel with a pencil portrait of the singer . behind this is a montage of miniature album covers and photos , set slightly back from the panel to give a 3d effect . above this on the top front surface of the box is a small silver metallic plate with bennett 's signature . in the base of the box is a ribbon tag which when pulled reveals a small , hard backed book of approximately <NUM> pages , again covered in black velour with another small silver metallic plate featuring the singer 's signature . contents of the book are a collection of charcoal and pencil sketches by the singer and a collection of brief ( and i do mean brief ) hand-written personal comments on the albums included in the set . all very nice , but as a fan of the music i would have prefered recording information , anectdotes about the original album releases , session details , etc . at approximately 7.5 '' x 7.5 '' x 7.5 '' , the box will be an awkward if not impossible fit on the shelf beside the rest of your cds . ok - so what about what we really came here for , namely , the music ? this is where the above mentioned frustration comes in . let 's take it album by album . first of all there are several already available cds , but in digitally remastered form , some with and some without bonus tracks . these are : i left my heart in san francisco - no bonus cuts but significantly improved sound quality over the previous release . the art of excellence - no bonus cuts but significantly improved sound quality over the previous release . perfectly frank - no bonus cuts but significantly improved sound quality over the previous release . mtv unplugged - two bonus cuts ( `` just a little street where old friends meet '' / `` when will the bells ring for me ? '' ) and slightly improved sound quality over the previous release . the movie songs - two bonus cuts ( `` a time for love '' / `` the shining sea '' ) and slightly improved sound quality over the previous release . then we have a selection of albums that come under the banner of `` pointless '' as they have already been available for some time , already previously remastered : cloud seven - same as the previous release with no noticeable difference in sound quality . the beat of my heart - same as the previous release with no noticeable difference in sound quality . if i ruled the world : songs for the jet set - same as the previous release with no noticeable difference in sound quality . the tony bennett / bill evans album - an even more puzzling inclusion . not a columbia release , but recorded for the fantasy label in the '70s . this is the original fantasy cd release , not even repackaged for the box set by columbia . it 's just as if they bought a bunch of these from fantasy and popped them into this collection . however , and again frustratingly , this is not the <NUM> bit remastered edition of this cd that has been available for several years but the non-remastered , sonically inferior release from the late '90s . perhaps fantasy had a few thousand of these that they could n't get rid of because they had been superseded by the remastered edition and unloaded them on sony/columbia ? whatever the reason this is a slipshod inclusion in the set , to say the least . next is one album already previously released and remastered , but here in a slightly amended form . i wan na be around - no noticeable difference in sound quality , but with different bonus cuts from the previous release . the previous cd release of this album included as a bonus , seven tracks from the `` this is all i ask '' album , a somewhat bizzarre and half-baked addition , as all of the tracks from `` this is all i ask '' would have fitted on to the disc making a two-on-one release . for the box set release we have three different bonus tracks `` if i love again '' ( alternate take ) / `` someone to love '' ( alternate take ) / `` indian summer '' . so - if you want all of the bonus material you have to hold on to your ( now deleted ) previous cd release of this album . the next album again comes under the heading of totally pointless : the singles collection - considering this box set is aimed at the hardcore bennett fan and not the casual buyer ( casual buyers do n't drop $ <NUM> on a whim ) , another `` greatest hits '' variant is completely pointless . something tells me that the people likely to be forking over their hard-earned moolah for this box will already have everything on this disc , probably several times over . heaven forbid sony/columbia should have given the fans something so outrageous as a disc of rare and unreleased tracks instead of this , their umpteenth hits compilation . finally , two albums that finally deliver the goods for the fans . tony bennett sings for two - briefly available on cd many years ago but rapidly withdrawn for some reason . this remastered version offers significant improvement in sound quality over the previous release . when lights are low - first time ever relese anywhere in the world on cd ( so far as i can ascertain ) . an absolute gem . more of this type of album -i.e . never before available on cd- is what this collection needed . so - what do we have at the end of the day for the bennett faithful ? one previously unavaiable on cd release and one long unavailable on cd album , three albums in exactly the same form they are already avaiable in , one album in an inferior version to what is already available , one album with different bonus cuts to its previous release , five albums with remastered sound ( two with bonus cuts ) and , finally , one totally pointless `` hits '' collection . considering that approximately thirty tony bennett albums have never had a cd release , many more are long deleted on the format and bearing in mind the considerable amount of unreleased material in the vaults , this collection is a completely botched undertaking , a missed opportunity and a pretty shoddy commemoration of the man 's 80th birthday . just exactly who executive producer danny bennett and sony/columbia are aiming this box set at is a bit of a mystery . if it is the dedicated fan , then i have to tell all parties involved in this release that we expect a lot more than two unavailable albums , a collection of already avaialble cleaned up recordings and seven -count'em folks- previously unavailable tracks for our $ <NUM> . just what are the chances , i wonder , of tony bennett 's back catalogue making it to cd before his original fanbase -or for that matter his newer devotees- are all in their graves ? this is a sorry monument to a great artist 's 80th year . ( afterthought : i 'm still puzzled over the unusual number of discs in the set , namely , thirteen . not a dozen , not twenty . but thirteen . go figure . you know what they say about the number <NUM> - `` ... unlucky for some ... '' . in this case the unlucky ones are mr bennett 's fans . )
this album is garbage . i love in flames and i ca n't find anything nice to say about this album except that when thrown from a moving car it flies really nice and shatters into a million pieces
longtime fans of scott o'dell 's classic island of the blue dolphins , do yourself a favor and avoid this lackluster sequel . island of the blue dolphins was one of my favorite books as a kid . i must 've read it at least a dozen times . somehow , i did n't find out that it had a sequel until years later . intrigued by the idea of a sequel to island , which kind of ends on a cliffhanger , i read zia . i was interested in seeing how scott o'dell would handle what happens to karana when she is finally rescued off the island after being stranded for <NUM> years . as you probably know , island of the blue dolphins was based on a true story , but the facts are few about the real lost woman . so how would the talented writer scott o'dell concoct what happens to karana ? the result , zia , is terribly disappointing . for starters , fans of karana wo n't have much to read about . at least half of the book deals with her niece and nephew trying to go to the island to rescue her . the story is told completely from the niece 's point of view . we never get to hear what karana herself thought about experiencing a new land and being reunited with people after so many years , and the sadness she must have faced at finding that her tribe was gone . we learn almost nothing about what happened to karana 's father and sister , just that her sister 's children have ended up orphans in a missionary . and sadly , there 's nothing interesting about karana 's niece zia and her brother . they merely serve as plot devices to stretch this paper-thin story out over <NUM> pages or so . i now appreciate the `` cliffhanger '' ending of island of the blue dolphins in its perfect simplicity . it is better to leave the story when karana leaves the island , and let it be . your own imagination about what it was like for karana to live at a missionary where no one spoke her language and there was no trace of her tribe left is better than the depressing depiction of her life in zia . i wish i could erase zia from my mind . zia truly is a sequel that should not have been written
i have always loved boz and everything he has produced so far . so , when i read the reviews in preparation to purchase this album , i shook my head and said to myself , `` some people are just way too picky ! how bad could the drums be ? '' well , i found out . the drum track in this album ranges from `` mildly irritating '' to `` aaarrrrggghhhhh ! somebody shoot the drummer , please ! '' the constant brushes on the cymbals on almost every song creates a background noise that makes you feel like you 're listening to a radio station that is n't quite tuned in to the proper frequency . i was so disappointed , because boz does such a beautiful job singing these lovely songs . i ca n't make myself enjoy them , however , because i ca n't get my focus off of that freakin ' drum noise ! so , if you think some of the previous reviewers are just trying to be a little aurally precious , i assure you that they have put forth valid points - points with which i sadly concur . can somebody tell boz to remix this thing and cut out irritating cymbals guy ? sheesh .
while this book has good intentions , i found it to be the most violent book about anti-violence that i could imagine . the text is not so bad , but the illustrations gave me chills . i thought it could n't get any worse ( guns , knives , etc . ) , when i came to a page where a little boy was lying in a pool of blood hugging a teddy bear . in my opinion , this is not the kind of book that should be viewed by any child , let alone a child who needs a book about anti-violence
by <NUM> , somebody had the rather strange idea of tearing apart the australian version of `` high voltage '' and `` t.n.t '' , ac/dc 's first two albums , and then sew some of the pieces together into this hodgepodge . who 's to blame for this rip off ? . somebody at atlantic records ? . some members of ac/dc ? . maybe both ? . who cares anyway ? . certainly the late bon scott , a man who never minced words , was not particularly delirious about this idea . as he bitterly screamed in the title track of `` dirty deeds done dirt cheap '' : `` neck ties , contracts , high voltage , done dirt cheap ! '' . now that i 've got used to the aussie albums , listening back to this `` product '' feels worse than a hangover from consuming adulterated , low quality spirits . even the front cover is ridiculous . perhaps those who conceived it intended to capture angus young 's manic frenzy on stage . but the result is hilarious : a picture of angus young looking like a retard holding an obviously fake , broken gibson sg . a real broken guitar would have saved the day ( just a little bit ) . every enthusiastic record collector knows that both atlantic records ( now warner music ) and epic records ( now sony music ) are serious labels that took , and still take risks , by signing up cutting edge artists and by respecting their will . so , it seems that , with their approval of this re-issue , the surviving members of ac/dc are the ones to blame for this farce to go on , and on , and on ... if this is so ... well ... guys , we , the fans , made you filthy rich . we deserve the `` real deals '' , available worldwide , at a `` reasonable price '' . a final word about this re-issue : i do n't own it . in the words of pete townshend , i `` wo n't get fooled again '' . alas , there are no bonus tracks , nor previously unreleased material . for reasons unknown to me , the surviving members of ac/dc seem quite apprehensive about sharing a bit more of their music with us ( both warner music and sony music are reissuing classic albums with tons of bonus/previously unreleased material ) . if bon scott ( undisputedly the band 's most uncompromising member ever ) , was still alive , i believe things would be different . by the way , if you are interested in the real stuff , please be so kind as to read my review of `` .t.n.t . ( import ) '' . other items to be avoided : the skimpy `` retrospective '' ep `` '74 jaibreak '' , and `` bonfire '' , a rather steep box set in which at least <NUM> songs are repeated twice , in different versions . none of these titles include all the songs left out by the adulteration of ac/dc 's first four aussie albums
like other reviewers listed here , i thought this book would focus on the trials and tribulations of cooking recipes that are half-a-century old ( if not older ) using pithy , witty humor and comparisons of the writer 's life and child 's life . to be fair , there is some of this sprinkled throughout the book , but as an avid cook and child fan i wish there had been more . i think there is a market today for food writing ; good food writing , like mfk fisher and elizabeth david , but i do n't think julie powell even comes close . the julie/julia project is a front for this young novelist who see-saws between charming and extremely annoying in her attempts to describe how her life evolves over a one-year period in which she participated ( to whatever extent ) in some very profound experiences , like working for the government agency dealing with the world trade center memorials , a household move in nyc , dealing with a less than stellar marraige , and coping with very needy friends and family . julie , get a get a grip on your neurosis and narcissism and just write ! forget the food , it 's just not you . stick to your hoo-hum job , your even more narcissistic friends , and your boring marraige and you could be the next nora ephron , or at the very least , erma bombeck .
i saw this atrocity at an i-max cinema . i wish i had n't . the whole thing is something of a travesty of the original fantasia . the musical selection is humdrum and conservative - compared to the original . the imagery and animation is pleasant but unexciting . the guest spots are embarrassing and twee . if you have an interest in seeing something special done with music and images , check out christine schfer 's `` one night . one life '' or christian chaudet 's dvd of stravinsky 's `` le rossignol '' . do n't bother with this atrocious neo-con / religious right world vision . in the original we had stravinsky at his wildest and dinosaurs and in this we have noah 's friggin ' ark and elgar at his most stodgy and conservative . there is an almost tangible pusillanimousness about this fantasia <NUM> `` thing '' which i found most distasteful . let us hope that this idea stops with this one - or maybe they should hand the whole thing over to someone else to do ? maybe miyazaki ? or some european directors ? fantasia <NUM> is n't fantastic or much of a fantasy , to tell the truth .
most of the tracks are severely clipped . you can do a better job than this with the vinyl and a pc . very disappointing
this book is a complete watse of time for the educated strength and conditioning coach . this book does not apply the latest theories and conditioning drills that will aid in your athlete 's performance . programs are not periodized and relay on outdated principles of reps/sets schemes . if your a beginner to weight training and conditioning then this book may be for you
i love christmas . i love the festive atmosphere . i love the spirit of giving and i love christmas music . this stuff , however , is downright painful to listen to . a few tracks , with the slower tempo , can be tolerated in small doses , but the more `` upbeat '' number are too awash in synthesizer arrangements and come across as little more than `` a disco christmas '' and severely test my love for the music of the season . destined for shopping mall pa systems everywhere
incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad ! this movie does n't know what it wants to be . at times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of `` mississippi burning '' or the anger and impunity of `` ghosts of mississippi '' , or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre . at other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of <NUM> of its main actors , matthew mcconaughey and sandra bullock . as a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre 's list of movies for lack of originality , and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make . some of my favorite actors are wasted , either by being given cliched dialogue , over acting , or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence . if this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book , then i have no interest in reading the book . i 'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper . but the direction does n't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own . bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role , proving she 's only worthy of b-grade `` miss congeniality '' type crud . mcconaughey over acts so much ( as can be said for keifer sutherland and others ) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of patrick mcgoohan , kevin spacey and donald sutherland . samuel l. jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever , but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in . even the extras in this movie are horrible . enough ca n't be said about the terrible direction in this movie , equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault , making sergio leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison . this is not `` a powerful film . '' it 's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast , a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience , and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions , culminating in an over the top , pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by mcconaughey that would n't hold water in any real court of justice . maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt , or because they have n't seen quality comparisons and classics like `` mississippis burning , '' that has both a great script and fabulous acting . i do n't know . all i know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started . among the top of my most over rated movies
in a nutshell : do n't waste your money on this version . the original version of this translation dates to just after the turn of the century , but the introduction and further editing by anatol rapaport ( a biologist and a musician , not a political scientist or historian ) , make this a clumsy read at best and downright misleading at worst . rapaport , for being an editor of clausewitz , was not a believer in the trinitarian system ( primordial violence , non-rational actions , and rationality ) - probably not a good choice for a work which owes as much as it does to the first and second trinities ( army , people , and government ) . if this is the only one you can get , then live with it . the first chance you get , get the much clearer , much more straightforward paret/howard translation , which is the one that 's actually taught at most service schools as well as in universities in their courses that use it
i ordered this book because i am extremely interested in the untold stories of the partition of india even though the reviews told me not to . i wished i had heeded the advice . the book is incredibly repetitive -- to the point of being unreadable . i learned very little . not worth the time to read or money to purchase .
sorry people but this dvd sucks , and i love rick .. but this is like watching a root canal take place . it falls flat in every way you can imagine . i wish i had kept my money ..
as other reviewers have pointed out ..... why ? ? ? this compilation does nobody a service - it cheats longtime fans who have already purchased this material countless times in the past ( although thankfully there is n't anything unreleased here to force them to purchase it ) - and it is an unhelpful starting point for novices who are curious about joni 's brilliant catalogue . if you want to get started with joni , buy any of her albums up to court and spark . all of these are brilliant and accessible enough to make you investigate further . at least her recent beginning of survival compilation had a theme - it provided a consise representation of her geffen output so that fans who are n't too devoted did n't need to fork out for the geffen complete works box set ( although , it has to be said that the geffen stuff is complete dreck ) . this collection has no such unifying theme , other than the fact that these tracks were all selected by joni herself . big deal . seeing as she now refers to her geffen output as the most significant of her career , it 's quite clear that she is n't the best judge of her own music these days . avoid this and just work your way through her classic albums . you 'll be glad you did
the fountainhead has been described by one of its many followers - yes , followers , not readers , for the book is essentially unreadable -- as a `` passionate defense of individualism [ that ] presents an exalted view of man 's creative potential . '' this is a fair description , although it points unintentionally to the book 's main flaw : it is not a novel , but a tract posing as a novel . traditional progressive novels tend to be suspicious of the exalted , especially of those who occupy exalted positions based on birth or social class . in the case of ms. rand , the exalted are those rare individuals who , like herself , must be allowed to work their will upon the world because they believe themselves exalted . a circular argument at best , a bad faith argument in truth , this tacit nod to the slow ascent of the common man and woman since the enlightenment spares ms. rand from plumping for monarchy which , even by today 's repellent neo-conservatives standards , is universally seen to be repellent . because her main character , howard roark , architect extraordinaire , is an argument and not recognizably a person , he not surprisingly suffers from a lack of inner-animation . sensitive readers will chafe against the underlying and predictable framework that ultimately treats characters as props for ms. rand 's objectivist philosophy , an anti-progressive stew of prejudices posing as a critique of the welfare state and its `` leveling effects . '' here 's the problem with her `` philosophy : '' for every howard roark it raises up as hero , it writes off millions of people as unworthy of our interest , our sympathy and our compassion . unkindness is not a philosophy most find acceptable . with the fountainhead , rand attempted to make it so and has managed to fool many . because she has , she is therefore lauded by her conservative followers because her apologia absolves them of any responsibility for the fate of their fellow men and women . regrettably , this book and her other tendentious work , atlas shrugged , have found their way into the backpacks of idealistic college students . one suspects that many , because their relative youth causes them to see themselves as unique individuals , are seduced by the notion that they , too , are slated for heroic status . i have nothing against people having heroes ; young people especially should have them . but howard roark is no hero . he 's a stick figure that represents a hero . i suspect too , that because of their general unreadability , students think the books are `` deep . '' in retrospect , it seems true that those people whom i knew in college who did n't finish this tract-posing-as-a-novel were people who tended to be relatively reasonable in their social and political views . those who did finish it , on the other hand , tended to be immoderate and dogmatic . judging by some of the reviews posted here , this probably remains true today .
do not read this book . i attempted to read this book for a college class . this book should be cut down to the size of a magazine article and be published in a scientific journal . the public should not be misled into thinking that this book is readable . it is written at too high of a diction , and griffin rambles on for <NUM> pages on one topic , which i wo n't spoil for those of you unfortunate to read this trash . the subject information is interesting , but this is written poorly , and will bore the reader to tears . just thought i 'd let you all know
i am going to resign from critiquing this book on a literary scale , and just say that i did n't enjoy this book for the same reason a couple others mentioned - its boring and repetitive . maybe its because i 'm not used to aimless - albeit eloquent -landscape descriptions , or maybe it 's the fact that nothing happens for <NUM> pages , but reading this book felt more like a chore than an enjoyable reading experience . case in point : casual readers beware
henri-georges clouzot 's `` diabolique '' is a film that falls short of its potential . its rather routine resolution undermines its brilliant premise , suffocating atmosphere , and top-notch acting . christina delasalle ( vera clouzot ) and nicole horner ( simone signoret ) conspire to murder michel delasalle ( paul meurisse ) , the director of a boarding school . christina is michel 's wife and nicole is his mistress . both are frequent victims of his abusive nature . the two women carry out their plan perfectly but michel 's body disappears soon after they dispose of it . even more troubling to christina and nicole is that subsequent developments suggest that the murdered man might still be alive . `` diabolique '' is graced with three outstanding performances . meurisse is effectively slimy as the subject of the murderers ' ire while clouzot and signoret are superb as the oddly-matched killers . the film also does a wonderful job of keeping the viewer in suspense once michel 's body disappears . however , the payoff at the end is not worth all the time the viewer has invested in the film . the ending is not clever , shocking , or surprising . it is just plain disappointing . too put it simply , `` diabolique '' is one of those films that runs out of gas before it crosses the finish line .
this book blew my ballz . it was possibly the worst book i have ever read in my entire life . although i am usually sleepless in seattle , i found myself falling asleep each time i tried to read it . i advise no one to ever read this godforsaken book
this is just way to much for a toddler . when they have a question it can come in handy as a referance for the parent . by the time they are old enough to ask these questions they have conquered potty training . i read to my son potty books while he is on the potty and this one is quite boring , he doesnt have a clue what im talking about
no doubt about it . this book covers the history of the border patrol . however , it falls far short of what it ostensibly bills itself and ends up more as a `` fluff piece '' than anything else . as someone who has not only served as a senior border patrol agent ( <NUM> years ) but also a border patrol union president and outspoken critic of the agency , i have studied this agency inside and out without the affects of tunnel vision that typically accompany the job ( many say a necessity ) . pacheco , as an active agent ( when he wrote the book at least ) , appears headed in the right direction with the book and then suddenly veers off target . his somewhat ambiguous message that border security is a difficult task is obviously an attempt to straddle the line ( i apologize for the pun ) so as not to appear too contentious or controversial . did he need to seek agency approval for publication since he was actively employed ? if so , then the credibility issue leaps out and the book is worth the historical content alone if nothing else . if he did not need agency approval and was truly writing without restraint , then he failed to accurately convey the real state of the border patrol and border security . simply put , the border patrol , as with most of the homeland security subcomponents is disintegrating . remember the incompetence of fema ( a homeland security subcomponent ) ? well , multiply that incompetence times ten . heard about the poor morale of fema employees ? multiply that problem by one-hundred and you have an accurate picture of the border patrol . a border patrol in which the vast majority of otherwise employable agents spend ninety-percent of their time trying to get out . those that choose to stay in do so only because of the comparatively worse off agencies in dhs . the bottom line is that as a former agent , i lose sleep at night knowing what i know . pacheco did cover the rigorous training regimen accurately even if it bordered on propaganda . that alone may attract candidates to the difficult and completely unrewarding position of u.s. border patrol agent . the field stories are completely unappealing to anyone who served more than a week in a law enforcement position unless they are reading about their own exploits . read the book for enjoyment and homage . just do n't expect critical analysis . in fact , this book would be an enjoyable read at stewarts bridge ( for you ib agents in san diego ) .
what a disaster ! this movie is a complete waste of time from start to finish . the animation is ugly , horrible , and unrealistic and the three stories are bland and boring . what was disney thinking ? oh , i know ! `` let 's see if we can eek a little more cash out of cinderella . who cares if we destroy a beloved classic ? '' several main characters are completely different from the original movie and it makes no sense . in the first story , the king has turned from a happy-go-lucky doting grandpa-wannabe into a stuffy , sour old curmudgeon . suddenly there 's a rule about no commoners in the palace ? uh ... is n't there a line in the original about `` every eligible maiden in the kingdom ? '' the palace was full of commoners that night . the story picks up as the prince and cinderella return from their honeymoon , so in the space of a few weeks , the king has completely changed . i guess they were n't creative enough to come up with anything that would stay true to the characters . the other two stories are equally nauseating and are not worth my time to review or your time to read . avoid this mess of a movie . the really sad thing is that `` ugly , horrible , unrealistic animation and bland and boring stories '' pretty much describes any disney sequel or direct-to-video slop on the market
not the type of music i had envisioned ... much slower than i was hoping for .
the only song i like on the album is `` for these times '' ... the rest of the songs are crummy . her song `` anyway '' just gets on my nerves . the album sounds like pop/rock/opera/one big mess ! ! ! ! martina ca n't sing a damn note and this album sounds terrible ! what the hell went wrong here ? do n't waste your money ! buy kellie pickler and carrie underwood and dolly parton
what happened ? ice cube is my favorite rapper of all time ! for anyone else this would have been <NUM> stars , but this is a real disappointment to me persoanlly . if you like the older hard hitting ice cube and nwa i would try one of his earlier releases . who knows though ... i love plenty of cds that i hated at first
after i saw the first two `` scary movies '' i decided too see this movie . i thought the wayans brothers were the two writers , but i can see that i was wrong . this movie is a spoof with no plot and no good jokes . i could hardly understand anything in this movie at all without giving my self a headache ! i myself , a teen , which this movie appealed too did not find this funny . i do n't know why teens like this movie so much . -ben russell
even the avid `` trekie '' reader of the star trek science fiction novels , movies and television series must suspend disbelief , when he finds captain kirk saying `` beam me up , scotty . '' but the biblical literalist reading this book need make no such effort , when he reads in this book that jesus will effectively beam millions of true christians up to heaven in the world-wide `` rapture . '' though the characters and their roles are fictitious , the book specifically references the relevant biblical passages for the believer . the story line opens with the chaotic moment of discovery after the historic mass rapture event , and the remainder is a moral melodrama concluding with emotional born-again conversions . in the september/october <NUM> issue of foreign affairs walt mead writes that fundamentalists are not hospitable to the idea of gradual progress toward a secular utopia driven by technological advances and the cooperation of intelligent people of all religious traditions . instead fundamentalists separate themselves from the world and have a premillennial pessimism about prospects for social reform . billy graham 's biography by strober notes that they criticized graham 's `` new evangelism '' for its inclusiveness and for its involvement in addressing social problems . yet their separatism does not preclude proselytizing as portrayed in these novels by the `` tribulation force '' or as exemplified by jerry falwell 's moral majority . they are also committed to an apocalyptic vision of the end of the world and are hostile to international institutions such as the united nations . mead notes that it is no coincidence that the left behind novels show the antichrist rising to power as the secretary-general of the united nations . the u.s. statistical abstract reports that the per capita numbers of fundamentalists are growing exponentially , while evangelicals and liberals - e.g . southern baptists , lutherans , presbyterians , methodists - and catholics are continuing their per capita declines . such data and the reported popularity of these left behind novels indicate fundamentalism 's growing appeal in reaction to contemporary american society . i see the readers who seriously respond to this book as the `` left behind '' in the backwash of the tidal flows of cultural change in modern american society , and as conservative christians who believe it is better to stay behind . and in not just a few respects , they may be wise to do so . thomas j. hickey
i am one of the many reviewers who purchased this dvd because everyone favorably compared it with `` seinfeld , '' and ( not being an hbo subscriber ) i had never seen it . personally , i found this show boring , repetitive , and often grating . well , that 's just me . you might be among the many people who enjoy this genre of comedy . deciding if this dvd is for you will require an informed assessment of you own taste . buy this dvd if you tend to laugh at protracted bickering among the characters ( as in `` married with children '' or vicki lawrence 's show `` mama '' ) . this is not the kind of gut-splittingly funny politically charged bickering that we once enjoyed in `` all in the family . '' as in `` seinfeld '' , you will see adults act in childish , selfish , irresponsible , uncaring ways . depending on how this is done , it can be very funny , but `` curb '' missed the mark for me . i find self-absorbed new yorkers ( as those portrayed in seinfeld ) to be funny , but self-absorbed californians ( as in `` curb '' ) are just pathetic , not even laughable . you might feel differently . neurosis and rudeness are backhandedly ridiculed in `` seinfeld '' , but almost celebrated in `` curb . '' the characters in `` seinfeld '' are roughly half a generation younger than those in `` curb . '' the seinfeld characters ( who came of age in the `` me '' era of 1980s ) commit a variety of hilarious middle-age gaffes and mis-steps associated with a lack of direction in life . the older characters in `` curb , '' on the other hand , offer us only a repetitive and uncreative barrage of antagonistic behavior that is characteristic of people who have given up on forging new directions in life . they merely exist . you might find this funny , but i found it depressing
i used to like tiziano ferro songs . his first album was a straight hit in the face , a wow ! great dinamic songs . <NUM> was more normal , more calm . but this one is really really slow ... he changed his usual pop style for a r & b that does n't convince a lot . if you like calm balads or are a fan of tiziano , then you 'll like it , but if you do n't .... better do n't buy it
i have bought 30+ baby/infant dvds from different production companies , such as the `` so smart '' series , the `` brainy baby '' series , the `` your baby can read ! '' series , and the nite light abc dvd . baby einstein dvds are the lowest in quality , cheap toy props , boring music , nothing stimulating . i would recommend the so smart dvds and the brainy baby dvds . your baby can read ! are ok , not very high tech , but it could work .
i had to force myself to finish this book . i do n't allow myself to move onto a new read until i 've finished the one that i 've started , and this by far was the most difficult to get through . the dialogue between characters is laughable , the promising plot points are either too rushed or go on for far too long thereby destroying any bit of excitement that could be felt from them . ted bell 's description and background on these characters makes them too unbelievable either by allowing them every positive characteristic ( alex hawke ) or changing their characteristics when its convenient ( bin wazir ) . there is nothing endearing about this novel , i honestly can not believe this book was ever a bestseller . do yourself a favor , bypass this book and read the <NUM> series by ian fleming .
& quot ; random encounter & quot ; tries to make elizabeth berkeley look like a good actress but it cant be done , sorry . the story is so-so , and very by-the-book
breaking the chain was a truely disappointing book for me . although the sub-title is & quot ; the true story & quot ; it seemed that the text reflected more innuendo than it did & quot ; truth & quot ; concerning drug use in the cycling world . in a time when the cycling world is trying to get back on it 's feet after being rocked with gossip about drug use ( particularly epo ) , the book seems to add to , rather than take away from , the culture of rumor . i finished the book with the feeling that the author wrote it not to inform the world of drug use in professional cycling , but rather as a means of making money ( now that he was without employment ) . i am sorry that i may have contributed to his retirement fund by purchasing the book
unlike some of the other little people dvds ( e.g. , the `` friendship collection '' ) , this video is contrived and painful to watch . even our toddler can tell that it 's trying too hard to be educational
larry clark reminds me of a lot let 's take a look at his pathetic resume shall we : * kids-yes another soft porn film involving kids . * bully- this movie should be when `` white trash attacks '' . bully featured mundane acting , the most unlikable characters ever to put on screen , stupid characters , a `` twist '' that aint really a twist , awful camera shots and angle and a `` gay bull '' . nuff said . * teenage caveman-subpar sci-film . now we get to ken park , probably the most revolting story of clark 's kids trilogy if you will . these kids special ? please give me a break . i don't call killing your neighbors or grandparents , special . doing drugs makes you special ? funny i thought that made you a druggie and a loser . there is no smoothness or observation or anaylsis of the kids from any sort of rhetorical view . anyone who who seeks to compare this to classic shows like family ties , or my so called life is n't fooling anyone . one key difference , the kids in so called life , knew they were troubled , lost and asked for help . the teens in `` ken park '' could give a crap if they live or die , their days are spent on drug binges , fornicating with the friends and in some cases , their friend 's mother . really it does n't get anymore revoling that larry clark . none of the characters in the movie can be considered , weak , inept , pathetic , loony comes to mind but far from being strong . softcore and hardcore pornograpy seem to be what the filmmaking is echoing nothing else , the other reviews even the most positive ones can ignore that . there is no reality with these kids , they live in their violent world and heaven forbid if you try to take them out of it . clark is not anybody 's master of art , if you 're art is hardcore pornography , mixed in with convulted storyline , with no rolemodels , no point and weak characters then people need to pick up a dictionary or read actual definitions of art . the movie is nothing more than tour de force of obscene garbage that should be flushed down the toilet . seeing at the reception clark has received over the year , it 's great that fans are starting to see what he really is just a perverted old man , nothing else . even then his movies make him look even more pathetic .
i love linda howard , but i did n't even finish reading this book because it was so boring and annoying ! the heroine was a whiny martyr -- she drove me crazy ! and where was the suspense ? i truly ca n't believe that people liked this book ! if you want to read a good linda howard book , read `` mr . perfect '' or `` dying to please ''
the advice rand gives writers in this transcription of a series of living room lectures is sound in places : anchor your abstractions in the concrete ; remember that art is selectivity ; show , do n't tell ; use actions to illuminate your character , etc , etc , etc . all good advice , to be sure , but to say that rand is proposing anything new or different from what is taught in writing seminars across the country is a little disingenuous . add to this her refusal to praise the work of any author besides herself and victor hugo , her casual dismissal of prominent writers without convincing evidence ( and , even more interesting , the relative paucity of authors she even brings up ) and a few didactic guidelines ( her ban on profanity , slang , and references less than one century old ) , and there 's rather too much extraneous stuff here to be worth the effort of wading in to try to get to the good bits . if it 's advice you 're looking for , there 's an excellent essay called `` dogma '' in `` the writing life , '' a collection of essays and interviews with a number of authors put together by the national book award that i found both more helpful and less self-absorbed
i usually try to give everything i read a break , but this book was nothing new or exciting . it had a couple of briefly funny spots , but other than that , it was kinda blah . maybe it would 've been more exciting had i not read the nanny diaries a couple of years ago . this book did , however , give you insight into why some rich kids are so nuts - because they 're nothing more than an accessory for their parents
how the film-makers achieved financing to make this film i 'll never understand . the make-up , costuming , screen-writing , directing , acting , cinematography , editing are all over-the-top and way over-done . it looks like an amateur film-school project . nicole kidman is beautiful -- the one bright spot in this film . for some reason , a film set in the late 19th century had the male lead and entire cast break out singing `` the sound of music '' by rodgers and hammerstein . someone must have been smoking something illegal that lead to this manic , ridiculous parody ? of a musical . nowhere did i read a review that said it was a parody and farce ; it was supposed to be a musical . there was no way i could view this film for more than <NUM> minutes , and that long just to see if the title character would awake from a drug-induced nightmare . i love musicals but this one should definitely be viewed free on television and not rented or bought until you see if you can stand it . save your money -- it is awful . note : if i had read a review such as this , i would have saved myself time and money
i bought this cd a while back and it was a complete let down from what i thought it would be . the commercials made it look so good and made it sound really good . the commercials depicted at least <NUM> seconds of good music from the cd , and that is about all i found . on both cds combined there are like <NUM> songs that are ok . i bought the cd , walked out to my car , popped it in , and listened . an hour later i got out of my car and took the cd back ( or tried to really ) . now the only thing i use the cd for is to watch the little movie clip of the hot girl on the second cd . all in all , a big let down
i understand that the whole idea of this book is to make the reader think for himself about 'quality ' , which is a very interesting philisophical concept ... this is presumably why pirsig makes time for the reader to think about it by making <NUM> % of the book as boring as possible . this book falls between reference , fiction and biography and satisfies none of these forms . it 's quite amazing how by using the right words pirsig can make a simple theory seem extremely complicated
mediocre acting and predictable plot . very disapointing . not inspired at all
temperance brennan is an american forensic anthropologist .the author is a anthropologist in real life and i feel she gave to much detail as to body parts & conditions , & locations in the book , and in about the 3rd chapter to much time and space is wasted talking about `` gabby `` including in detail where gabby lives and details that surround the outside of gabbys place & how gabby and tempe were friends from grad to man parts in life . book was not for me i dropped it at the 3rd chapter .
when i heard that timecop had a sequl coming out i couldnt wait to see it . then i found out it wasnt john claude vanne damme . why bother making a sequl with no returning cast members ? especially the star . vanne damme is replaced by jason scott lee ( jungle book ) as the hero who travels through time to prposly change things around here and there . i saw reveiwa that this was a movie for sci fi geeks to enjoy . i didnt see much on the sci fi side apart from time travel , but it makes me wonder why they didnt just name it something else and make a seperate movie instead of calling it a second installment to a great movie
in this film made in uk and luxembourg , madeline stowe stars as senga . senga and her daughter nat are driving at midnight after visiting nat 's father . they bicker the whole trip and it just increases when they stop for a break at a rest stop . nat runs away with a mysterious girl who tries and recruits her into a mysterious cult . and we are left with a nerve wracked mother doing all she hectically can to retrieve her daughter . both the daughter and mother eventually learn that this cult kills people for their blood . why they do so is never explained . and even at this point when senga is trying to rescue nat , she still acts like a brat . the last third of the movie seems to just generate more confusion . and becomes unbelievable and my main reason for the rating i assigned . that good part of the movie has to be attributed to the direction , not the wirtting . the movie is dark and suspenseful . though you do not know what really is transpiring in this movie , it does keep you on the edge of the seat as senga tries to rescue her daughter
this recording is simply defective . it opens with a disclamer about the quality of the recording , and boy , they are not kidding ! this is not a simple case of vhs quality on a dvd . instead the video quality is comporable to the first live broadcast from the <NUM> moon landing . and the audio quality is in the same league as early cheap casette recorders , complete with pitch shifts .. it is clear that abosoltely no attempt was made to clean up or remaster this recording . even the title credits suffer from from jitter distortion and there is time base noise at the bottom of each frame . some example frames at vienneseball dot org slash pirates this is particularly criminal because it was such a superb cast and inspired live performance . i am immediately returning this to amazon . this recording should never have been released
`` the day the world went away '' was the leadoff single from `` the fragile '' and is of minimal value to all but collectors . two of the tracks on this are taken straight from `` the fragile '' ( with small adjustments , one 's slightly shorter , one has some pointless crowd noise dubbed in ) , with the third ( a remix ) also being available on part two of the `` we 're in this together '' singles . but looking at the songs themselves -- `` the day the world went away '' is fantastic -- bleak , moody , with a great loud-soft interplay , a superb almost lacadaisical and very matter-of-fact vocal from reznor , and a fantastic wordless vocal at the end . the quiet mix is worthwhile , with a chant at the beginning and a delicate intro before moving the majority of the piece to a piano , in many ways it works better than the album mix , but its a bit overlong . i 'm thinking if the intro was trimmed it would work much better , the subtle reprise of the chant works nicely at the end of the piece . `` starf * * * ers , inc '' is a rather popular song amongst fans , but i 've always found it to be a bit dull -- the verses are nice enough , with a great beat , and there 's some interesting guitar work on the piece , but the chorus is pure schlock and the lyrics are borderline embarassing . material aside , unless you 're a completionist , you can skip this one
this item was a big disappointment and a waste of money for me . i love tamilee and her arms and abs video from a few years ago . that 's why i was excited to see what i thought was a newer production of arms and abs workouts . the cover was different than the video and there was no reference to the older video in the description , so i thought the dvd contained all new workouts . the <NUM> arms and abs workouts were exactly the same as the old video , so did me no good . i did n't buy the dvd for the lower body workouts , but viewed them just to see what they were . two out of three are somehow cued incorrectly from the dvd menu , meaning you select workout <NUM> , for example , and the dvd takes you to the cool down session from workout number <NUM> ! because sequential workout video tapes are still easier to use for home-exercisers than dvds since you do n't have to remember which workout you are on - you just stop the tape one day and restart the tape another day - this dvd is just a back-up for the tape i already use
new york criminalist , lincoln rhyme , is in north carolina to undergo surgery which he hopes will improve his quadriplegia . a sheriff from the small town of tanners corner asks for his help . a teenaged boy has been murdered and two young women kidnapped by a youth known as insect boy . rhyme , along with his protagee ' and soul mate amelia sachs and his aide thom , agree to help . this is the first book by deaver i 've read and , while i am hoping it was just a bad choice , i 'm not certain i 'll read another . i really struggled to get through it . i had no history of the principal characters and none was given . in fact , all the characters were one dimensional , there were two many of them and stereotypes ran rampant . i like a good twist or two in a story but this became laughable . and let 's not even talk about the ending ! i did feel deaver did a very good job conveying the problems and frustrations of a quadriplegic , but that was the only redeeming feature . as for the plot , the title says it all . this rated zero on the believability scale .
this film is one of the worst i have seen . i really do n't know what other films sean reid has produced but this one was kind of bad . the film opens up by saying it 's based on true events , so you wonder is it based on sean reid 's young life trying to pursue acting . to me this film was pointless . it 's named redemption , redemption from what ? it shows christian , played by brian white , going through depressive pshycotic episodes trying to find his way in life . the only scenes i liked were between him and his father . the conversations between them were very meaningful with christian trying to get through to his father , which lets you in on his family history , and his father trying to help his son cope with life . christian is battling many demons ; his father not being a good example in his life , his mother not being there , his struggle to pursue acting , and trying to find love . this all leads to christian making poor decisions . he starts partying and getting in stupid fights . he starts to take a turn for the worse when he meets this actor who can get him a gig and starts using marijuana . one of his friends , the guy who plays marlon , acts like a total jerk and disrepects women and his girlfriend puts up with it . it was ridiculous . melique , another one of christian 's friends stops hanging with them when he sees that they are starting to make wrong decisions . realizing this , christian finds melique . melique tries to redeem christian from himself by having a serious heart to heart talk with him . you would think that since the movie is named `` redemption '' that christian at this point would turn his life around . he does find hope again and wants to start a new life with his girlfriend ( claire ) . it does n't last long when trent ( a foe of his ) spots him and beats him up . then the downward spiral begins again . christian starts getting high and starts having hallucinations . he has a mental breakdown and starts doing strange things . he think he sees trent and goes out in a rage with a knife in his hand running around town half naked . when the police officers ca n't get through to him he gets shot . overall this movie was bizarre and kind of a waste of time . some scenes did n't make sense and it was very overdramatic
i watched this movie with my <NUM> year old daughter , and regretted it about <NUM> minutes in . after reading queen bees & wannabees , i ca n't help but despair whenever i look over the precipice and get a glimpse into teen girl world . in barbie 's envisioning of this world the central theme is to `` be yourself '' , but in the end they only seek themselves in a banal existence of dress shopping , chasing each others ' boyfriends , inventing lip gloss disguised as a highlighter , deciding what to wear to an afternoon of watching cute boys practice football , and halfheartedly pursuing a career as a rock star . while i realize that this is teenage girl reality , is this what needs to be held up to pre-teens as a personality blueprint ? the popular girls look exactly like the unpopular girls , so it 's not like the criteria for who gets to set foot on the `` popular lawn '' is really clear , other than you have to be mean-spirited and backstabbing . but at least they somewhat captured the spirit of what it 's like to be on the outside looking in . of course , there 's the `` magic diary '' aspect of the story , which seemed the only tie to the `` other '' barbie world ( fairytopia , mermadia , et all ) . i realized then what i was really watching ... a marketing cry for help from mattel . the target demo for barbie has shrunk to 3-6 year old girls , and they 're trying desperately to expand back into the 7-11 range that other brands like bratz are chipping away at . i promptly dumped all mattel stock from my 401k .
i was excited when i heard about this . sorry , i ca n't handle it . bare , buddy , you should stay in retirement if this is going to be the result of your new efforts
i bought this book with great anticipation , however as i started the install it went to frustration . i know nothing of linux when i started this , and it became a disapointment . the information in the book generaly does not line up with the linux i installed from the cd that came with it . also the comands that he talkes about wer not present when i tried them . allot of the setup comands you have to install manualy , i had to do allot of trial and error . his book is also badly organized i find , i found my self fliping to differant sections of the book for the same item . some of the instructions for setup at the install are in the middle of the book . this may be a good book for when you know what you are doing , but i dont recomend it for the beginner
in a another patheic performance , keaton plays a plyawright whose fate seems tied to wither the red sox win the <NUM> world series . ebert and roper liked this movie , but most preview audiences did not and there for it is only getting a limited release . it also boasts a rather lame performance by robert domey ( who does the worst christopher walken take-off ever ) . this shows how out of touch movie critics are with the movie going public
this movie was so extremely boaring . i made it to the part where he said , `` i think i 'm pregnant , '' then turned it off . get this guys it took a complete <NUM> minutes for him to find a tooth in a wall and another <NUM> minutes to dress in drag and say , `` i think i 'm pregnant . '' i understand the story line completely , after girl supposedly kills herself her neighbors try to make the new tenant be like her in every way , shape , and form . this film deserves below a star , it has no suspence , no action , no terror , no real mystery , just boaring talking through atleast the fist hour of the film ... i did n't care enough to finish it
i 'd seen shimizu 's `` the grudge '' and so my expectations were pretty high on this supernatural horror film . it 's nowhere near the scariness or originality of the grudge but that bein said , it 's not too horrible as far as japanese horror flicks goes these days . the trailer was actually a lot scarier than the actual movie . the special fx are probably better than other stuff i 've seen recently in b-type movies . bottom line , i was expecting much more out of this
the movie tracks mr. lazarescu on his last night as he travels in and out of emergency rooms in search of assistance . the film is realistic , with rare moments of humor and also occasional poignant moments , but ultimately is tedious and almost painfully long . yes , you catch a glimpse into a medical system where no one is really responsible for , nor really cares about , mr. lazarescu 's life . the situation differs so much from the view we 're weaned on , where doctors race to solve problems , that it is valuable to learn about . the editorial comment that one can visualize how `` suffocatingly slow time must seem '' for mr. lazarescu is absolutely correct , but only because time feels that `` suffocatingly slow '' for the viewer as well : i saw this movie in theatre and wished i could have gotten up from my seat ( in the middle of the aisle ) and walked out
fat joe 's ( a.k.a . jose antonio cartagena ) seventh solo album is `` me , myself and i '' . those familiar with his work may have noticed the album cover is similar to one of better releases his third album `` don cartagena '' . the bronx mc keep 's this release short at twelve track 's , and this album has three guest appearances which come from the game , lil wayne and h-mob . production comes from street runner , lv , the runner 's dj khaled , nu jerzey devil & scott scorch . the runner 's provide some of the best production on `` no drama '' ( clap and revolve ) a grimy sounding cut . lyrically fat joe is his usual braggy less then entertaining self for most of this album . his lyrics are as egotistical as his album titles . my problem with fat joe resides in the fact that he never puts any of his people on , instead following the same formula time after time . the terror squad is a crew full of talented mc 's ( even with the loss of cuban link and triple seis ) and singer tony sunshine has a lot of potential - all of them get put on the back burner each year for a less then impressive fat joe album . two of this album 's closing track deserve some praise - fat joe 's dedication to his mom on `` bendicion mama '' and the follow up cut `` story to tell '' are decent . buyer beware , satisfaction not guaranteed
well i am a bit jaded because i live in a city where everybody talks and looks like larry the cable guy . if the people here do n't resemble him then they resemble ned flanders from the simpsons . so i get to put up with both extremes in real life . why would anybody want to pay for this load of nonsense unless you are from a real sophisticated state or city and this to you is hilarious because you are laughing at how lame this obese comedian is . the blue collar tv show was mildly funny . this cd on the other hand is not funny . it is n't even crude or offensive . this humor is childish and bad and possibly young kids would think it was funny for a week but most adults would n't buy into this stuff for a minute .
`` let us be willing to test our spiritual experiences and evangelistic practices by scripture , '' pastor will metzger implores ( <NUM> ) . regrettably , pastor metzger was loathe to follow his own sound advice , opting instead to test his and the rest of christendom 's spiritual experiences and evangelistic practices by the standards laid down so long ago in the westminster confession of faith ( <NUM> ) . and that is the main reason this latest revised and expanded edition of his ironically titled tell the truth ( downers grove , ill. : intervarsity press , <NUM> ) remains a wealth of hyper-calvinistic misinformation . twenty-one years after the first printing of tell the truth ( hereafter , ttt ) , pastor metzger remains deeply troubled that increasingly cynical christendom is still attempting to evangelize the unbelieving world by showing only the attractive parts of the gospel message , and as a result are creating a vast army of god-damned ( literally ) pseudo-converts . pastor will , who began his career as a campus minister on the staff of intervarsity christian fellowship at the university of delaware the same year sir winston churchill departed for his eternal reward ( <NUM> ) , believes a return to `` biblical evangelism '' can reverse the curse of `` me-centered '' evangelism ( <NUM> ) . and so ttt attempts to remedy the current sorry situation by explaining fully the content of the gospel ( part <NUM> : pp . 23-86 ) ; insuring that gospel message converts intellect , emotions , and will , i.e . the entire soul ( part <NUM> : pp . 87-111 ) ; explaining proper calvinistic soteriology ( part <NUM> : 112-158 ) ; and learning how to competently defend and communicate the faith ( part <NUM> : 159-207 ) . if for some reason the reader feels the need to have the main points of ttt rehearsed and/or get some idea how they might be put to good use in the real world , pastor metzger offers appendixes a-d ( pp . 208-259 ) . in pastor metzger 's considered ( read : reformed church tradition ) opinion , the numerous miracles performed by 1st century a.d. evangelists in the book of acts may be hanged , because there are really only two ways to proclaim christ : `` the airplane of christian witness has two wings : our lives ( conduct ) and our lips ( conversation ) '' ( <NUM> ) . strangely , pastor metzger offers no scriptural reference ( s ) to buttress this rather sweeping claim . the omission is particularly glaring given the bitterness of the complaint he voices in ttt 's introductory chapter : `` why is there such reticence to examine the biblical basis for methods of witness ( especially if they are the ones our church uses ) ? '' ( <NUM> ) . the irony is already palpable . just a few pages later pastor metzger folds and tucks away one of his two wings of christian witness , observing that numerous religious persuasions and philosophies will also produce positive , observable changes in conduct capable of impressing others ( <NUM> ) . but a few pages later the wing is reopened by pastor metzger , who now declares new converts may safely conclude they are truly saved when `` they see the fruits of a changing life '' ( <NUM> ) . fine . pastor metzger next reminds that `` in the book of acts we see the apostles as teachers -- reasoning , persuading , explaining -- involved in all sorts of teaching activity in order to communicate as much truth as possible to nonbelievers '' ( <NUM> ) . unfortunately pastor metzger omits the fact that secularists , mormons , jehovah 's witnesses , and numerous other cult leaders are also actively engaged as teachers -- reasoning , persuading , explaining -- involved in all sorts of teaching activity in order to communicate as much `` truth '' as possible to nonbelievers . the all-important difference is that unlike these false witnesses of god , the apostles were able to perform many wonders and signs ( acts 2:43 ) . those signs and wonders authenticated the apostles ' divine bona fides , just as they had previously authenticated jesus christ 's divine bona fides , and the divine bona fides of the true prophets ' of the ot before him . ( where exactly in the nt did pastor metzger read that god would go into semi-retirement immediately after giving the apostle john a revelation of the future ? where ? ) pastor metzger spends the rest of part one differentiating between `` me-centered evangelism , '' i.e. , spreading christianity by emphasizing the many personal benefits that will attend salvation , and `` biblical evangelism , '' i.e . five-point calvinism . `` conversion is both a turning from and a turning toward '' pastor metzger insists ( 67-68 ) . `` both law and love are basic ingredients in telling the gospel story '' pastor m. admonishes ( <NUM> ) . consciences need to be pricked . people must be made to understand that they do not have proprietary rights to their own lives , god does . pastor m. is not keen on encouraging new converts to make a public confession of their faith , ala romans 10:9-10 . he thinks they should be left alone to meditate on scriptures like isaiah <NUM> , psalm <NUM> , and galatians 2:20 ( <NUM> ) . apparently never having read acts 16:31 or philippians 2:11 , pastor m. declares `` there is not one exhortation in scripture to ` accept christ as lord , ' '' ( <NUM> ) . on page <NUM> pastor m. lists three ways to know you are saved . the first is when you `` trust in the promises of god as being promises to you . '' the second is `` a change in your attitude and actions corresponding to the fruit of the spirit ( gal <NUM> ) and the marks of salvation ( <NUM> jn ) '' ( pastor m. ignores his earlier observation that new agers can also experience profound attitude changes ) . the third assurance of salvation is `` the inner witness of god 's spirit to your spirit . '' pastor m. does not unpack that statement , leaving it to the reader to exegete what he will from it . by marked contrast , the gospel writer mark recorded jesus ' decidedly different criteria for determining who is saved : and these signs will accompany those who believe : in my name they will drive out demons ; they will speak in new tongues ; they will pick up snakes with their hands ; and when they drink deadly poison , it will not hurt them at all ; they will place their hands on sick people , and they will get well . ( 16:17-18 ) . part two tries to distinguish professors of christianity from possessors of same in order to increase more of the latter . conversion is a process , not an event pastor m. cautions . christianity is not a self improvement plan ; it is god 's method for restoring you to fellowship with him . converts need `` to ask god for faith , '' since `` they are not choosing to be saved '' ( <NUM> ) . pastor m. then presents a short , biased analysis of the age-old arminian-calvinism debate on soteriology , concluding that the five points of calvinism are `` orthodox theology ... in need of further filling out '' ( <NUM> ) . part three , `` wholly by grace , '' is largely a continuation of the calvinist rant begun in part two . pastor m. admits the arbitrary election of a relative handful to heaven and the overwhelming majority to hell is not fair , but hey , god is sovereign , and he would have been justified to throw everyone in hell , not just almost everyone . humanity 's free will has been disabled by sin , and now it can not choose anything but sin ( if that is true , and doing right is not an option , how could sin then be termed a `` choice ? '' ) . `` god hides the truth from some people . he does n't reveal himself or jesus to them . why ( lk 10:21-22 ) ? '' ( <NUM> ) . pastor m. misinterprets that passage in luke to mean intelligent people are tricked into unbelief by a vengeful or capricious god , as opposed to them being deserving victims of their own misplaced self-confidence . part four begins by enumerating some of the difficulties philosophical pluralism creates for successful evangelism . pastor m. defends christian exclusivity by referring to john 14:6 : jesus answered , `` i am the way and the truth and the life . no one comes to the father except through me . '' pastor m. ignores the fact that jesus ' comments were offered to his own disciples at a private gathering , not addressed to the masses in general during a public sermon . pastor m. observes all religious faiths save christianity require its adherents `` to do something '' ( <NUM> ) . pastor m. apparently has not noticed that repenting , confessing , baptizing , trusting , etc. , are verbs . pastor m. believes the evangelistic value of christian apologetics is limited . `` god 's chosen instrument in conversion is his word , not our reasoning ability '' ( <NUM> ) . in that case we can only pity that great swath of humanity that was never taught how to read , or could never afford to purchase a copy of scripture , or never had the word translated into their native tongue . pastor m. soon changes his mind about god 's chosen instrument in conversion . `` prayer for others is the supreme god ordained method in evangelism '' ( <NUM> ) as usual , pastor m. offers no scriptural support for his emphatic , sweeping statement . he goes on to say `` evangelism is asking the right questions '' ( <NUM> ) , but once again cites no nt anecdote to support his contention . besides asking all the right questions , the christian evangelist also needs to make sure an unbeliever understands `` the impossibility of ... exercising faith on their own '' ( <NUM> ) . fine . in summary , tell the truth proffers a pneumatology , a soteriology , and a strategy for evangelism that seems alien to those described in the book of acts . when all is said and done , ttt is hoisted by its own petard : `` ... to be unwilling to evaluate our evangelism in the light of the bible is to not take scripture seriously '' ( <NUM> ) .
there 's lots of passion in wide sargasso sea the book , but it 's mostly emotional . it 's an extremely multi-layered novel and the work of a true master . the film on the other hand is just your classic , bad 1990s film , beautiful to look at , with lots of skin , languid copulation , heaving bosoms , bodice-ripping nonsense , etc and next to no substance . it has no artistic integrity whatsoever , as its shameless makers must surely know they lifted their middle finger at the spirit of the jean rhys novel when choosing to make the film the way they did . i was unable to feel empathy for both the lead character . the much touted erotic scenes were not developed to what they lead to believe , and it also lacked much enthusiasm . they were incomplete and contributed little , if anything , to the plot . the viewer only gets a glimpse of the passion that supposedly exists between edward and antoinette . therefore , they should have either gone all the way , tastefully ( no pun intended ) , or have left those scenes out entirely . now with regards to the plot of this film there were enormous holes , which perhaps could be rectified by reading the book . but for those who have n't read the book , there should be enough information in the film itself to keep the reader afloat . from the start it was unclear what was really going on with this family ( despite the narration ) . why did the ex-slaves keep laughing ? ( something vaguely explained in the movie , though apparently fully explained in the book ) . why did n't the parrot fly away ? what made the mother go nuts ? at no point in the movie were mr. rochester 's `` issues '' , as it were , fully explained . the man gets a letter exposing his wife as a creole and dumps her like a hot potato , after ( as christophene explains ) he was the one who came crawling to her in the first place . what a hypocrite . again , maybe this is the ultimate point , that mr. rochester is a snob and the archetypical victorian englishman and that antoinette is the victim of both his prejudice and that of the jamaicans . but none of that exonerates the appallingly abrupt conclusion to the film . so , despite the beautiful cinematography , this movie is a hopeless muddle . i 'd highly recommend the novel by the way : a book you do n't forget in a hurry . needless to say i think you should give this insulting ( to the memory of jean rhys ) film a miss , especially if you 've read the novel : it 'll just frustrate you , no matter how keen on a bit of easy titillation you may be feeling at the time .
this selfpaced training is one of the worst microsoft has produced so far . the only one that i can think of that is worse is the selfpaced training kit for ieak <NUM> . if you have bought it and are preparing for the mcp test . i advice you to read the chapters in the windows <NUM> srv rk on the subjects for the test . also be sure to download some whitepapers from microsoft . the book alone just do n't prepare you good enough for the test
absolutely superb album ! ! ! i have n't stopped playing it for the last <NUM> days and i am quite fussy with what i like . all the tracks for this album are wonderful and just carry you away with emotion . fantastic peice !
i `` enjoyed '' viewing this film and seeing `` the good guy '' win . but , `` there must be a better way '' to resolve conflicts , `` a better way '' to punish bad guys , `` a better way to deal with evil '' than just go out and kill everyone involved ! we live in a violent world with terrorists and suicide murderers and car bombings and killing our troops in iraq and the sunnis killing the shiites and vice versa , etc .. etc . i always believe there must be `` a better way '' besides everyone killing the other guys . so , that 's what i have against this film . as for the film itself , i enjoyed the musical theme and the acting of clint eastwood and the acting of all the other members of the cast . it is a `` good film '' except for the violence . and , yes , `` the good guy '' does win in the end -- -i 'm happy about that ! and , i enjoyed the photography also . so , yes , definitely see the film but as you do , could you possibly think of `` a better way '' for resovling issues rather than the violence depicted in this film ? email : boland7214 @ aol
it does n't get any worse than this . if you have any doubts as to whether def jazz is `` worth '' the trouble -- do n't bother . to even call this repulsive mess jazz is a slap in the face to a genre that has stood fine on it 's own without the help of so called fusion rap/jazz albums . to the reviewer who named this the best jazz album ever : shame on you ! ! ! ! ! !
i am embarassed to admit that i saw this video several years ago ; i give it <NUM> stars . i suppose the film quality is excellent , but in my opinion , a waste of film to make this . the plot is forgettable , and , at the risk of offending those who like it , `` i spent two hours out of my life watching this , and ca n't get them back again for something constructive .
i 'm a metal head but i 'm not a fan of this type of metal but the quality is good and these guys are somewhat from my area , but i 'm just not a fan of the rah , rah , rah , blah , blah screaming mess . i love the guitars and the band itself just no vocals and melody . it 's very one dimensional , but different strokes for different folks . if you like war hooting and demon squealing death metal then you 'll love this . sorry guys not a fan of it ( just an opinion though , do n't get bent over it )
this release contains a track by the egyptian-born u.s. composer halim el-dabh which was used without his permission or consent , and for which he is obtaining no royalties . please take this into consideration when choosing whether to purchase this recording
i read parts of this `` book '' until my intelligence was thoroughly insulted and i immediately returned it to the library . what a stultifying simpleton this man is . he is someone who wants to appear to have all the answers without having any foundation of intelligent ideas . and unsurprisngly , this dolt absolutely embarrassed himself during a recent appearance on the `` david letterman show '' and what made matters worse was just how oblivious he was to his infinite stupidity . first , he claimed that no one should criticize president bush `` because we 're at war and it 's no good for the country . '' come again ? i say that such a statement is `` no good '' for democracy , which is something this submental gasbag has forgotten about . the right to openly disagree with an alderman or a president is guaranteed by the first amendment . and this man is a graduate of the john f. kennedy school of government ? also , he insisted that cindy sheehan , whose son was killed in iraq , not have the right to be publicly upset with president bush and the invasion of iraq because `` she 's connected with left-wing elements in this country . '' what left-wing elements ? i feel that cindy sheehan is as connected to left-wing elements as much as bill o'reilly is associated with logical reasoning .
wells is a wonderful writer , it is true ; however , his bigotry and hatred of certain peoples and of religion is very apparent . his political leanings are also too apparent -- it is not an unbiased book and may give some the wrong impression of world events . i am currently reading the book updated just after wwii
there are a couple ok tracks on this disc but this is far and away not the same lost trailers that put out some of my favorite music of the past few years . gone are the well crafted , story like lyrics and any sound of southern rock . those great stories ( longfall , pontchartrain , love & war , west end , dougherty county , under fm waves and so many more ) and great music ( see above as well as red sun , sitting on top of the world and down in the valley ) have been replaced by gravy , dixie boy special & i 'm a country man and the same old radio friendly country sound you can hear from anyone . the sad irony in this are the lyrics to under fm waves ( from new age cowboy ) and how they talk about how much great music resides off radio -- and look at what has happened : songs to created to make it on radio ( which granted , should make them big ) . try their other <NUM> available cd 's ( story of the new age cowboy , trailer trash and welcome to the woods ) . they have some other very hard to find music out there but these <NUM> should be available ( trailer trash is a mix of songs from rock band , songs that ended up on welcome , etc ) . p.s . to the last review -- ryder lee is the lead vocalist . geoffrey stokes neilson is the guitarist and lead songwriter .
reading this novel was slow going . as a guy , i found the lack of action stultifying , and the flashes of humor were too quaint for me to derive any pleasure from them . the answer to the book 's primary riddle -- who shall emma marry ? -- becomes obvious early on , and everything else is just a tedious pairing off until that riddle is expressly answered . there 's a bit of local and historical color , but rarely does the narrative rise above the description of , say , a summer outing . not one of jane austen 's best
do n't just automatically hit `` not helpful '' because you unconditionally love sufjan , think about it . these are b sides , and more of the same . problem with sufjan is , he 's brilliant , but not exactly varied . he 's beginning to ape himself over and over again with similar time signatures , arrangements , and all slowly evolving towards the charm of a book report . would like to see sufjan stop the cloying/cutesie states project and sing about something personal to himself rather than the construction of a ferris wheel in illinoi
if mtv was smart , and they used to be , along with funny , relevant , and entertaining ( they even played music videos all the time ! ) it was on all day in my house , and you could always count on the vjs passing along some wacky facts , or artists dropping by who could actually speak coherently . anyway , mtv could make their massive video catalog available to the public . you could browse online and choose the videos you wanted , pay $ 2- $ <NUM> each and mtv would either create a custom dvd for you and send it out , or you could download them and make your own dvds . i would gladly pay to have several dvds that contained only the videos i wanted . and there are about <NUM> i want , just off the top of my head . as it is , i am happy to watch my old and fading copies made back then and occasionally catch an old great on vh1 classic , rather than have someone else pick out <NUM> videos , <NUM> of which i may want , the rest i do n't . this one did nothing for me . luckily it was a gift . i never would 've bought it for myself
phaeton 's son flew on wings of wax into sun crashed and burned instea
there is some really great computer animation from this era , a.k.a some of the mind 's eye series and the like . but this one was , basically , a bore . first , the music was completely uninteresting and showed little or no connection to the animation . it sounded like half-baked baroque or classical done on a good-quality casio . i could live with that , though , if the animation really grabbed me . or , even better , if they seemed to have anything to do with each other . but the animation was , as my title implies , a tease . there were many , many brief moments were something truly interesting appeared only to be immediately abandoned for yet another kaleidoscope sequence . there was a lot of those . no , way too many of those . and i 'm sorry , but i can pick one up at the dollar store if i want to see that . also , if you hate having things flashed at you , there were a lot of those annoying instances where they transition from one image to the next with a bright flash . very obnoxious . for really good animation and music , in favor of this i 'd highly recomment televoid ( music by a mix of queensryche and kansas members ) and the gate to the mind 's eye ( thomas dolby ) . both these have much more interesting animation and really great music . as for this , if you already have any <NUM> 's animation that you really like , you 'll be missing absolutely nothing by skipping this one
even though this is a `` popular '' version of the theory , with the considerable advantage of being by einstein himself , it is not so easy as the presentation may imply . einstein says in his introduction that his reasoning will demand no more than a high-school knowledge . it might be true in his time , but nowadays the book demands a longer study in physics . i offer myself as an example : i 'm a literature student in post-graduation level , and simply could n't grasp the meaning of many mathematical demonstrations he uses to make his points . his reasoning is also obscure in many passages ( what are really those 'galilean coordinates ' ? ) . perhaps these details seem self-evident for professional readers , but they are not for the general public ( the implied target of the book ) . in brief , einstein did n't succeed completely in his attempt at popularization .
there is no significance in this book . most of the people already know that there are sweatshops out there . it can be in the us soils or not . they make a product or support the operations . many companies use these practices to make money quick . also i can imagine most of the people understand that it is difficult to be a customer service representative . i really did n't need to be told these ten thousand times . this book did n't make me laugh it made me depressed . no wonder this book is so repetitive since there is not much for author to write on the subject that it is repetitive to start wit
last night i watched the gates of hell , aka city of the living dead . it 's an italian horror flick made by lucio fulci . fulci may be best known for his movie zombie ! in which an eyeball is pierced in slow-motion by a sliver of wood , and in which a zombie battles a great white shark ( with predictable results ) . personally , i find fulci 's movies confusing , boring ( aside from a few key scenes ) , and just plain bad . the cut scenes are abrupt and often make no sense . the `` good '' scenes in the gates of hell include a drill press to bob 's head , and a teenager puking up all her internal organs . the movie is set in new england , which makes the recurring howler monkey sound effects entertaining . and when the dead all awaken , the sound effect is of crinkling cellophane layered over howler monkeys , which makes a lot of sense when you think about it . or not
since we really do n't have much to go on as far as factual historical accounts of alexander , we can only surmise our image of him from what little there is written about him . we know a lot about what he accomplished because the results are evident , but trying to put together a portrait of his `` true '' character and nature is at best just hypothetcal conjecture . no one knows who alexander really was as a person . most people do n't even know themselves . does this movie convey alexander as he really was or just some hollywood director 's personal idea that has been gleaned from rehashed biograpies of alexander . from the ridiculous harold lamb version to the account of arrian to the more scholarly robin lane fox 's `` alexander the great '' there is n't much that can be added to what scant information we have . certainly the life of alexander is a msystery since there is virtualy nothing know about it , and what little is know was n't even included in the film . for example , his leading the cavalry charge at the `` battle of chaeronea '' which resulted in philip 's hegemony of greece was n't ever mentioned in the movie . instead , sensual garbage including his mother 's fetish with snakes and her completely embellished influence on him , in the usual hollywood manner , is the kind of rubbish that is fostered upon the viewer . obviously , his mother had and influence on him as all mothers have an influence on their children , but `` give me a break '' . this kind of theatrical emoting is a waste of screen time which should have been spent on showing us what alexander did in his life , which is what made him `` the great '' . almost all of the significant things he did are not even mentioned or so quickly glossed over that they are meaningless . and a lot of what is mentioned is n't even correct . and many of the conclusions made by the director are purely guesswork , and bad guess work at that . another example of something significant left out of the movie in favor of snake slithering : at the age <NUM> alexander was intrusted with the regency of macedonia while philip was sieging perinthos and byzantium in eastern thrace . while his father was gone , the maedi , a thracian tribe , revolted . alexander led a campaign against them , succeeded , and established a new colony at maedi and named it alexandros . he was also allowed to refered to as a `` man '' after that , because he had killed an enemy in hand-to-hand combat , and that was the only way a macadonian could be considered a `` man '' . at that time alexander was able to start having an insight and true understanding of his father which could have only been attained from the battle field . it was possible to comprehend his father 's harsh , disciplined life which included drinking , hunting , and loving . the rest of alexander 's life was just as remarkable as his exploit in suppressing the uprising at maedi , but the movie , in my opinion , just does n't do justice to alexander . a man who did what he did and in such a short time deserves better . and quite frankly , except for the poorly done battle scenes , i 've seen more action in `` road runner '' cartoons . one final example which was n't even hinted at in the movie : on his march back `` home '' , he encountered the `` mallians '' , a fierce and warring nation . an assault was made on their major stronghold , and the men with the scaling ladders were late arriving . alexander , with his impatience to storm the fortress , grabbed a ladder from the first ladder bearer to arrive and personally placed it against the wall and climbed up . three othr men followed him up the ladder and made the top with him . the men on the ground scrambled to follow alexander , and their combined weight broke the ladder , and the king and the three soldiers were stranded on top of the battlements . the men on the ground pleaded for him to jump back down into their arms and safety , but alexander jumped into the fort and attacked . he received a serious chest wound but not before dispatching several of the mallians . the army broke into the stronghold , and thinking alexander dead , killed everyone there . that 's the kind of man that this movie should have been telling the story of , not some jickjack jollie snake juggling mishmash of psyhological meanderings that were a complete bore . alexander was a man of action , a great leader and general , a genius of military stratagey and tactics , a philosopher , muscian , had schooling in botany , astronomy , medicine , geography , and other various disciplines and he was a hero in the `` grand tradition '' . maybe peter jackson should make a movie about alexander . i 'm sure he could get it `` right '' .
i 'm very confused . rap has turned to garbage in the blinking of an eye . i got all suave house c.d . 's and this ai n't the eightball and mjg i know . it 's only about <NUM> tight cuts on here . the rest of them are garbarge . the title of the album is one of the worst songs on here . i do n't know why they got swizz beatz to touch this album but he did n't do it any justice . his beats sound just like every thing else he does except worse . dj quik produced a couple of cuts on here to but there just as worse . the chores on just about all the songs are tired and plain . this album is to damn slow and soft ! it 's not a single song on this album to get you hype like coming out hard and on top of the world . even the lyrics are boring . i do n't know what happened between them and t-money but they need to hook back up with him quick , before its to late . i feel like i 'm in a contract . i have all there albums so i got ta keep buying them . if you decide to buy one of there albums for the first time , do n't buy this one ! garbage ! first jay-z 's last album , wu-tang 's last album , and now this . makes me want to break my foot off in somebody
this story should have and could have been really good . it presents a great concept , but the story is just so poorly crafted . it is very sexist , the prose is stiff , and the plot is dull . i will concede that it was interesting at times ; it kept me reading , but i really did n't get much out of it . i can only praise heinlein for including the `` intelligent conversation '' which takes place after the press conference , where there is a great explantion on why the english language is so difficult to learn . the whole story is just very odd . do read it though . it 's a title to read if you wish to be considered `` well read . '' despite its faults , valentine michael smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten , just as we will never forget atticus from `` to kill a mockingbird . ''
i bought this cd because this band is from my home town and i 've heard good things about them.i hate to have to bash my own city but if these guys are the best vegas has to offer i do n't see much hope for our rock scene.this band is no different from most of the other bands you hear on the nu-rock stations.it reminds me of <NUM> 's bubble gum pop.sure some of the songs are catchy , but in a david cassidy sort of way.the singer sounds like he should be working on the vegas strip as a cher impersonator instead of attempting to sing in a rock band.the drummer is boring.his style is rigid , and it lacks soul.the guitar players riffs are flat and uncreative . every song is about a girlfriend , or breaking up with a girlfriend ... nothing special here.it 's todays glam rock , nothing more ... save your cash
i am not sure why this compilation garnered such high scores so far . maybe because i am into a different brand of dnb , but the tracks on this cd are among the least musical pieces of noise i have heard , with rare exceptions . the beats are rather cliche dnb , which in itself is not too bad . the deep sub-basslines sound great production-wise , but the patterns are often nonsensical . generally , if you like very repetitive hard and fast dnb with powerful bass and sinister yet musically simplistic soundscapes , then by all means , get this cd . however , if you expect something fresh , clever , or something that has at least a little bit of musical value , look elsewhere . this is not roni size , aphrodite , or pendulum . this is dumbed-down dieselboy
my wife and i love govi 's music but am little tired that he keeps re-doing the same music over and over
from the opening line of `` bully '' ( in which 'marty ' explicitly mentions oral sex ) i knew i was n't going to like this film . thank goodness i saw it on hbo and did n't waste my money on a rental . once again , we have another movie about dysfunctional upper-middle-class white families , in which the kids are a bunch of spoiled , drug-abusing , potty-mouthed brats , with parents that are nothing more than over-indulgent , inneffectual , clueless dolts . wow , what a stretch for an `` indie '' film . although this movie is based on a novelized `` true '' story by reporter jim schutze , about a murder that took place in florida , the screenwriter and director seem only halfway interested into getting into the minds of the kids that committed this horrible crime , wasting the other half of the movie with scenes of gratuitous sex and full-frontal nudity that gives this movie the feel of a kiddie-porn flick that 's intended to appeal to [ ... ] . on top of that , the girl who instigated the murder was described in shutze 's book as chubby and plain , while the film makers took `` artistic license '' in their casting of cute , petite little rachel miner as lisa . i guess the director figured that a chubby girl could n't incite a good-looking young boy to kill for her , even though that 's what happened in the book ! or perhaps the film makers wanted a pretty-looking young girl for all the teeneie nudity the role required . at the of the sleaze-fest is a violent murder , and director larry clark is uncompromising in his portrayal of the brutality of the act . bobby ( the 'bully ' ) is reduced from a sadistic , foul-mouthed closet [ ... ] to a screaming baby , begging for his life as he is repeatedly stabbed . ultimately , his best friend marty cuts his throat . murder is a horrifying , messy act , and director clark gives you a bird's-eye view of what a real murder may look like . this <NUM> minute scene should be clipped and shown to any kid that 's considering committing such an awful act . it is truly hard to watch . other than that , the film is just trash . larry clark could have effectively made all of his points without all the graphic sex , nudity , dirty language , and the [ ... ] dildo scene in bobby 's bedroom . what hurts the film 's believeability even more is the stereotypical treatment of the kids ' parents as disconnected morons who act as unknowing enablers to these kids ' rotten lifestyles . liberal film-makers love to blame the parents , and not a pop culture environment that glorifies sex , drugs , and violence , teaching our kids disobedience , in spite of all that parents try to do to counteract this onslaught . the <NUM> minute scene portrying the murder of bobby kent should be used as part of a 'scared straight ' program for wanna-be gangsters . the rest of the movie belongs in the dumpster . 'nuff said '
it was mark twain who popularized the aphorism of benjamin disraeli that there are three kinds of lies : lies , damned lies , and statistics . i kept hearing all these marvelous things about freakonomics , a book by steven levitt and stephen dubner , so when i ran across it at <NUM> % off , i did a stupid freakin ' thing and bought it . i thought , what the freak , i 've got a pretty inquisitive mind and i 'm open to seeing things differently , to discovering new viewpoints . the doubt started early when i got the book home and i first noticed the glowing comments on the dust jacket from the likes of time , the new york times , the washington post , and the los angeles times . when all of the liberal news agencies are lining up to tell me how wondrous a certain publication is , i 'm immediately going to be freakin ' suspicious . author malcolm gladwell tells us on the cover , `` prepare to be dazzled . '' well , evidently ol ' malcolm is dazzled a whole lot easier than i am . ( i wo n't even mention the smug mug of stephen dubner that taunted me from the book 's dust jacket because i do n't want you to get the idea that i judge a book by its cover . or in this case , a writer by his physiognomy . so i wo n't mention that . ) if you 're the kind of person who is amazed to learn that <NUM> % of auto accidents occur within <NUM> miles of a driver 's home , then you just might be dazzled by freakonomics . if i tell you that the company that issues its 5-day-a-week employees only <NUM> uniform shirts , thinking that it is cutting costs , is probably increasing its overhead , and this fact astounds you - if you must ask `` but how ? '' - then yes , buy freakonomics and be dazzled . mostly what freakonomics offers ( when its conclusions can be trusted ) is just what we used to call `` common sense . '' but since america has been reduced to a bunch of corpulent , brain-dead zombies staring vacuously at that box of survivors , and american idols , and lost knuckleheads , good old-fashioned common sense now appears to dazzle the dead ( when you can sever them from that box and put a real book in their hands , that is ) . i dove into freakonomics hoping to find my purchase worthwhile . i got no further than page <NUM> when my fears were realized : everything would require second-guessing and verifying . on that page , smug mug tells us ( based on a single report by the institute of medicine ) that `` drinking eight glasses of water a day has never actually been shown to do a thing for your health . '' fortunately , i read your body 's many cries for water by doctor f. batmanghelidj over a decade ago so i already knew what a bunch of bunk that was . in chapter <NUM> , smug mug `` proves '' that legalizing abortion in <NUM> with the roe v. wade decision was responsible for a national drop in the crime rate . this represents the centerpiece of his book , both literally and ideologically . the first thing the reader must accept is that there really has been a significant drop in crime since the early 1990s . on page <NUM> , the author acknowledges that the police in atlanta were discovered to be underreporting crime in the early ` 90s in hopes of landing the <NUM> olympics . well , would police forces nationally have an incentive to underreport crime generally if it has actually dramatically increased since the ` 90s as predicted ? true , being honest might be means to an increased budget , but it sure would make your department appear inept and unable to maintain control . and surely the chamber of commerce and the big business interests would frown on that public perception . let me ask , do you actually feel you 're less likely to be the victim of a crime now than you did in the early 1990s ? that 's funny , me neither . there 's so much crime now that some of what was once reported to the police agencies goes unreported , and recently , an ex-police officer friend told me that cops can no longer engage in some of the micro-policing they were able to do in the ` 80s and ` 90s because crime is so out-of-control now . in dismissing other possible factors responsible for the huge drop in crime ( if this claim is a verity ) , dubner states that increased police personnel accounts for only <NUM> % of the drop . having a bit more insight into the nature of police work than does the average civilian , it 's funny that i find myself even contending with the stats smug mug uses that actually work against his theory : i believe the wide-scale hiring of police officers since the early ` 90s could have impacted the crime rate only minimally - less than the <NUM> % - while actually increasing the municipal coffers via traffic citations significantly . and dubner concludes that right-to-carry firearm laws `` simply do n't bring down crime . '' ( be sure to read the utterly fascinating book , gunfighters , highwaymen & vigilantes by roger d. mcgrath , for a decidedly different and scholarly viewpoint ! ) in dismissing all explanations for the unexpected drop in crime except legalized abortion , i did n't notice any mention of the tremendous increase in homeschooling and the proliferation of private schools since the early ` 90s , and i wonder if that might have some statistical bearing . ya think ? yes , i think smug mug is selective . he calls some abortions a `` crude and drastic sort of insurance policy . '' not `` immoral . '' not `` sinful . '' but then i did n't expect smug mug to call a sin a sin . and even if levitt and dubner 's hypothesis is correct , that abortions have lowered crime , the fact remains that not every aborted child would have eventually murdered an innocent person , but every aborted child was an innocent person murdered . so why are we even discussing this ? i 'll tell you why : because the pro-choice folks can feel a slightly shifting consensus , and now they 're pulling out all the stops , trying to `` statistically '' convince the masses that they 're safer with all those unborn potential criminals missing . i find this repulsive ! ( and there are studies indicating that those missing people have , and will continue to have , a negative economic impact on society . ) i wo n't even go into chapter <NUM> , what makes a perfect parent ? suffice to say that as usual ( surprise ! surprise ! ) all the statistics dubner employs nearly always seem to confirm the rightness of the liberal dogma on each issue . funny how those crunched numbers always crunch conservative beliefs . just know that if you 're a working mother , you have n't cheated your child in the least , but if you 're a dad who thinks that an occasional spanking is in order , you are `` unenlightened . '' if your kid is watching lots of tv , it is n't turning the `` child 's brain to mush . '' ( no word on whether or not it 's turning his/her morals to mush though . ) and the studies ( that we are called to pay attention to ) show `` that a child 's character was n't much affected whether or not he was sent to day care , whether he had one parent or two , whether his mother worked or did n't , whether he had two mommies or two daddies or one of each . '' ( i 've often wondered what might have happened to me if my mom , who was home most of the time , had n't been there to hammer the dangers of drugs into my head day after day , year after year , while i was growing up in the ` 60s and ` 70s . ) i 've given freakonomics two stars because i did find the section on the naming of children very interesting , as well as the story of stetson kennedy 's fight against the `` three ks . '' but if you 're smarter than i am , you 'll borrow this book from your library rather than paying money for it . economically speaking , that 's just `` common cents . ''
boy this movie was weird and psycho . i happen to like the weird movies but it was way off the psycho side for me . friends try to cover up an `` accidental death '' from one of their friends when they try to pull a prank that goes horribly wrong . things like this , i try to stay away from . although i am glad i saw it so i wo n't always wonder if this movie was actually watchable or not . now i know . i gave it <NUM> stars because the movie did have it 's charms .
i waited for over a month and a half . to be so dissapointed in this cd . i love jazz tributes and even gerald himself would be lost on this one . no smooth grooves and surely could use a touch of jazz vocalists also . the tribute to luther is something that the producers of this cd needs to listen to and get a few lessons from it . not even deserving of a sta
i myself am a huge buffy/angel fan , i had read the reviews here and i thought it was worth a shot seeing it . well the script was terrible , the story even worse , direction - do n't get me started . one reviewer said it , it was like they did n't know whose point of view to choose . the soundtrack was awful . the ending was sooo stupid . did anyone else see the people at the docks leaning against the rail as three people are shot in front of them ... they just keep standing there . like nothing is happening . i really have n't seen a movie this bad in ... well ... ever ! ! oh and alyson hannigan 's acting was way better in my stepmother is an alien . i think she was about <NUM> in that role . do n't get me wrong she 's a extremely talented actress ... i blame it on the script . rent it , do n't buy it . you 'll be embarassed to own it . i am
this was the first of ms. peters ' books that i read . maybe if i had had the background of the other books , i would have found it more interesting . as it was , i kept thinking `` get on with it already '' . there were too many exceprts about nefret and her hubby and then it would switch back to peabody and emerson , and it rarely went back to the murder . when it did , there were so many characters and so many nicknames for characters that i was totally confused and often had to go back in the book to see who was who . the setting in this book and peabody 's wit kept me reading , though .
this cd i regret to say is not up to reba 's standard of performance . she 's done much better .
this is definitely one of the worst cd purchases i 've made . the cd is poorly organized , and most of the music is n't as good as one would think . the songs that are worth listening to though , are : disc <NUM> : <NUM> . halifax - `` sydney '' <NUM> . say anything - `` woe '' <NUM> . i can make a mess like nobody 's business - `` the best happiness money can buy '' <NUM> . patent pending - `` los angeles '' disc <NUM> : <NUM> . hellogoodbye - `` homewrecker '' <NUM> . jack 's mannequin - `` kill the messenger '' <NUM> . matchbook romance - `` my eyes burn '' other than that , this is really a minimal value cd , in my opinion
not to be confused with ` the hunted ' ( <NUM> ) directed by william friedkin . ` the hunted ' ( <NUM> ) stars french actor christopher lambert as paul racine , american businessman on trip to modern-day nagoya , third-largest city of japan , who happens to witness the killing of a woman by black-masked ninjas . the cult ninja group is actually led by a charismatic leader , japanese named ` kinjo ' who is played by a chinese actor john lone , and they begin to search paul to kill . at the end of the film paul , an ordinary businessman , proves to be an equal match when fighting against martial arts master kinjo with a japanese sword . if you can believe this ridiculous story , you can believe anything . i can happily ignore all the cultural inaccuracy in films as long as they give me something entertaining , but unfortunately it was not the case with ` the hunted , ' of which story slowly follows a beaten path of the genre to the unexciting climax . moreover , to handle a japanese sword you need certain kind of gracefulness , which tom cruise in ` the last samurai ' managed to acquire after many months ' hard training . lambert et al . show no such thing . he and other ninjas just use them fast and furious , but with no grace and consequently , impact at all . instead the film substituted the grace of japanese sword fighting for needless bloody violence , and its pinnacle is the pointless terrorism of the ninjas in the bullet train . this is an insult to japanese culture , for a ninja could be a spy or an assassin , but he is never a terrorist who would kill innocent passengers . but the most damaging is the way how the film treats women , who are there to be used for sex scenes . watching joan chen in a japanese bathtub with christopher lambert was something i never expected to see , and it surely represents the attitudes of some ( if not all ) hollywood films towards women . and it is not surprising to see the film 's director is j. f. lawton , whose biggest hit is julia roberts ' ` pretty woman ' ( as a writer ) . by some distributors ( who must have been shocked to know the film 's awful content after buying the right ) really released this universal film theatrically in japan . since then it has been a cult film for avid japanese film fans , who take this film as sort of comedy . really . in addition to the ridiculous casting and the laughable scene where chris and joan make love in japanese bathtub that looks as if made <NUM> years ago , it has plenty of things that make us laugh - a sweet little girl in pachinko parlor , a kind of gambling place ( what is she doing there ? ) ; a flight attendant-like female assassin in the bullet train ( come on , it 's a train , not an airplane ! ) , and the banging japanese taiko ( drum ) concert in the garden of a nagoya hotel ( you just can not sleep ! ) . even though this is an action flick , it needs some degree of plausibility , which it totally disregards . and there are poorly done actions , which is another reason that makes me regard ` the hunted ' as the universal pictures have temporarily stepped into the ed wood 's grade-z territory
it 's tough not to surpass judgment on the ruinous film when attempting to evaluate the soundtrack of ` rent ' because the big screen adaptation was as intolerable as countless nonsensical movie tie-ins that mtv used to excel at force-feeding down our throats . but what exactly is missing from this recording ? well , while it 's hard to pinpoint , it is so easy to comprehend . there is no joy - no hope - no struggle in the mechanized performances . we do n't experience the lyrics , we remain unmoved by the static orchestration - each musical number is executed as stoically as a soundtrack should not be presented - on stage , such enunciation and bombast is called for ; in a film there is room for embellishment - and restraint . here , there is none - only aging players , too old for their roles , caterwauling mind-numbing denunciations and explorations . what ` rent ' lacks is a timeless score , despite its cult status . while some tracks retain their original prettiness , more often than not we are assaulted with jim steinman-like pomposity from a cast that ca n't seem to project over the deafening drum machine . if you must revel in ` rent ' , dole out the cash for the original cast recording . at least there 's daphne rubin-vega . my grade : c-
so much could have been done with this story , but was not . while this book shines at descriptions of political events , it utterly fails to give context a current reader will need , and by indulging in every whim of detail without giving as clear a picture as even would have been needed in the time , it inundates us with fragments without showing a convincing experience . i hope woodward and bernstein wrote better newspaper stories , because while i was compelled to read the content of this book , it was not a pleasant venture into highly repetitive , aimless description . not sure i 'd recommend this to anyone , no matter how many overpaid hacks call it a `` classic .
i had to read this book for school and i hated it . i thought it was really boring . there was not any action in the book . i would not recomend this book to anyone that i know
to those of you interested in this cd in lieu of finding the & quot ; songs with lyrics & quot ; in the movie ice age , got bad news for you . they are not here ! i really do hate it when a soundtrack is put out for a movie and they do n't include the best or features songs in the movie . anyway , the song that pretty much everyone wants when manny , sid , diego and the baby are together and walking towards half peak is called & quot ; send me on my way & quot ; by rusted root . it is on their latest album & quot ; when i woke & quot ; . put rusted root in the amazon search engine and you should find it . hope this helps those looking for this song
well i decided to buy my first girls gone wild video ( the seized video ) and it was a waste of my time and money . i hope th other ones are better than this because it was useless . the girls were good looking no doubt but its not that long of a video , the camera guys are idiots and act like twelve year old boy 's . i thought this was going to be a good adult video but it is way over rated trust me . wasted my money and spent thirty minutes of my life i will never get back .
jess franco has to be one of the worst directors out there . he 's managed to take a great story , hire a terrific cast , set them in interesting locations and still make a mess of the film . he uses a zoom lense at every opportunity , his day for night photography is a joke and the whole thing moves at a snail like pace.the only reason to have this movie is if you are a christopher lee or bram stoker fan and even then only as an interesting curiosity.the one thing it has going for it is the fact that there are more of stokers actual dialogue spoken in this than any other dracula film
the author could have added so many details that were factual and actual events and , yet , were so compelling and riveting . this book lacked substance and depth . you do n't really experience the life or the personal conflicts that played out in the french court . it was also too sympathetic to marie antoinette and highly unbelievable . there were also so many missing pieces that could have explained more clearly what led up to the revolution . i know this is a work of fiction but the true historical events and figures that took place were much more interesting than all the fictional events and characters the author created .
as an old bostonian and cape codder i bought this book for the sumptious cover photograph . sadly ms broder suffers from the common cookbook author disease of clever fiddling with classic recipes . new england boiled dinner with stout , brown sugar and molasses ! made a sickly sweet mess . and my favorite , fried clams , made with japanese panko crumbs ! you get the idea . photos are great though
this book absolutly stunk like a skunk . it had no plot and was very boring . just kidding this book was amazing filled with fun laughter and lessons . i could n't put it down . not
the music makes the cd worth getting ; however , the so-called special features ( i.e. , worthless advertising ) can ruin your ability to enjoy the music on a computer system . for example , on my computer 's cd/dvd player , the buggy software part of the disc makes the music unplayable . on a different drive ( a cd/rw ) , the music portion of the disc can be played ; however , at times their annoying macromedia advertising interface will pop up , sometimes multiple simultaneous copies , stopping the music . and if you kill the advertising `` stubs , '' you can be left with the side effect of an annoying beep whenever you move the mouse pointer over a web link . please put more tracks of music on cds -- complete score and songs -- but leave off the bogus `` special '' features ! ( and for that matter , i do n't appreciate the cutesy attempt on other cds to `` hide '' extra music tracks by putting minutes of silence before final tracks . this is especially bad on multi-disc players where you do n't want long periods of silence -- at least not until all discs have been played .
i purchased this after reading the reviews , i was surprised when i received it . hated it , i found it quite disturbing to listen to
while `` scary movie <NUM> '' does work in getting out a couple of laughs , it certainly does not live up to the past three . many of the jokes that were used are redundant and frankly , are getting pretty old . although this movie had a lot of different material to work with such as the grudge , saw , and war of the worlds , it misses the funny mark just by a bit . personally , i felt they could have done a lot more in terms of parodying these films , particularily with the grudge . the writers should have taken more advantage of the content they had to spoof in order to have made this film a lot more funnier . and really , was it necessary to spoof films such as brokeback mountain and millionaire dollar baby , both of which are not horror films ? i believe the comedy in this film is aimed towards a more mature audience , and is vastly different from what scary movies <NUM> & <NUM> offered ( which i found to be extremely hilarious ) . if you 're looking for over the top funny , look towards the other scary movies
this book does not compare with <NUM> ) atlas shrugged , or <NUM> ) the fountainhead . in my opinion , those are two of the finest books ever written . if you have n't read them , put we the living aside and read them now . i could not finish we the living . i got sick of the stupid relationship . i guess i got about 1/4th the way through . maybe my tastes are changing
this dvd is not an instructional dvd . you wo n't learn anything with it . there is few tabs of riffs that flea is playing in it , but they realy are no use ... this dvd is fun if you would like to see flea when he was younger and if you like this guy . this inverviewer is boring and looks like he will fall asleep any minute ... if you want to improve your playing , purchase something else . if you wa n't to have a good laugh and look some cool jamming that you wo n't learn to play , this might be for you ..
this type of music is like a blister on the brain . you ca n't get rid of it and it is irritating . yes , this is the problem with most fm radio when this cd from <NUM> years ago is still getting played . and the tune to `` this love '' is beyond annoying as he pauses between each word . moron <NUM> rank up there with gwen stefani and black eyes peas for most annoying , successful artists
i ordered two copies of this cd , one for me and one for my daughter . it will not play on my cd player , a technics model . we have never had anything like this happen before . my spouse took the cd to a neighbor 's home and was able to play it on his player . on the strength of that , i gave my daughter her copy . i have no idea whether she has tried to play it or not . my guess is that she wo n't until next christmas . she is overworked and that wo n't be a high priority . in case you are wondering , our cd player continues to work well , playing all our other cds
wow , this movie was awful . i am a huge fan of `` lilo & stitch '' so naturally i bought this movie sight unseen . looks like disney is just cashing the sequel checks with children being their primary target . very low quality story . stick with saturday morning cartoons -- at least they 're free
it was , and remains , one singular sensation . a chorus line changed the face of american musical theater , with an urbane book by nick dante and james kirkwood and sophisticated yet obvious lyrics and music by ed kleban and marvin hamlisch . the pulitzer prize-winning musical has been resurrected in broadway and on cd . . . and we ca n't wonder why . those familiar with the original cast recording will cringe at the flatness of the `` new '' recording , a recording that 's simultaneously intrusive on the memory and superfluous in any collection . is this what baayork lee did for love
as if fiddy cent was n't enough to make me break some bones , this horrible trend of kayne west comes in . what is there to be said that has n't been said ? nothing , really ; my work has been done by all the one-star reviewers . all i have to say is that i hope this rapper fades away from the universe sooner or later . want good rap ? go for tupac ( r.i.p . ) or public enemy
the play `` into the woods '' not only contains sinister elements , but has an overall dark message to convey . it preaches moral relativism as blatantly as any catechism teaches religious doctrine . it teaches is that lying , stealing , cheating , and even murder can be justified as long as it is not against one 's perspective on life . also , that life is grim and experiencing things forbidden will help you . this religious doctrine of corruption is conveyed through the story and through specific lyrics of the songs
do n't waste your money ! the author allegorizes the text to say that genesis ( at least the so called `` prehistory '' ) is no more than ancient mythology . its amazing to me a christian scholar can claim that the bible is anything other than the literal word of god . if you take the scripture seriously , do n't waste your time or money
... somehow sundazed screwed up the remastering . several tracks sound overmodulated . it 's the same sound you get when you overload a digital recorder , and i suspect that 's what happened somewhere along the line when this cd was made . it is a loud cd . it 's frustrating because it 's obvious that sundazed used the session tapes . if not for the added distortion , this would be a great sounding cd from start to finish . if this had happened to one of the beatles cds , the problem would have been corrected by now . but since it 's & quot ; only & quot ; a raiders album , i guess we just have to put up with this sloppiness . by the way , sundazed did do a & quot ; fix & quot ; on their & quot ; revolution & quot ; cd , which had the same problem . the noise was very obvious on that release , so i guess sundazed felt they had to redo it . as for the other prr cd they released in '96 , & quot ; something happening & quot ; , it has the same problem and apparently no fix has been done . luckily , some cuts on & quot ; happening & quot ; are totally free of the noise
when i first heard the song inside it got stuck in my head for a long time , and everytime i heard it after that it would get stuck in my head even longer ... so i decided to go buy the album .. which was one big mistake .. the vocals are horrid and theres not one good song to get into .. it doesnt even deserve <NUM> star but i give them one for some how making it to tv .. so dont waist your time or money on this band , go for bands like from zero , pillar , or thousand foot krutch
one good song , of course `` the sound of silence '' , and the studio version is far better than this one . i am not a fan of the genre as you might expect
this movie made me want to scrape turd-shaped photons off of the back of my retinas . anyone who praised this dogpile is either struck by the popularity of the title or saw it when they were <NUM> years old and are still trying to hold onto a simpler time in their life . the plot was paper-thin and the acting made me want to wear one of those silver shamrock masks in the hope my life would end at any second while watching this shameful reminder that anyone can make a movie . i love the halloween series ( most of it , anyway ) but this is crap . pass on this one , kids
there 's absolutely no way anybody with any love for the movies or woody allen could love this really really poor movie . i thought hollywood ending was bad but this is worse ! ! ! if you are a woody allen fan do yourself a favor and stay away from this one ! the man has many a good movies in his filmography this is certainly not one of them ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
ok. i thought from other reviews that i would really like this cd , but i dont really . the delivery seems completely pretentious as another reviewer said . i cant get past that fact . though damn shame is excellent . its the only one that i added to my playlist . in fact i promptly trashed the rest .
after seeing reba rip the dixie chicks on the awards show tonight , f u r m is all that needs to be said . she 's a no-talent , fugly , brain-dead hillbilly who should be working in a convenience store somewhere instead of being given a platform to take shots at real musicians who are n't even in the room . go back to the ozarks rm . we wo n't miss you at all
i was shocked when i saw the episodes of the second season . i would say the first season was one of the best things to be aired on tv ever . how come they just throw all that down the drain ? you really do n't know what to think during the episodes . `` is it a comedy ? oh , look at at satan and his friends having a chat.am i supposed to laugh or amuse myself ? and now , is it a serious episode ? '' not to mention the lack of darkness so well conveyed by frank black in the 1st season . to sum up , the second season left a lot to be desired . the only thing i can do now is re-watch season one .
kurupt has made some good albums in the past , but this one is real dissappointment from him , i expected more from this guy , but the writing is not impressive and the lyrical content is out of reach , although there are some good songs , west coast fans will love him and that 's fine , but i thought it was too predicable and too over the top . thumbs down
redford is a <NUM> star general sentenced to <NUM> years , for what we later learn is sending men to die in a mission contradicting a presidential order . gandolfini is the brutal military prison warden , who orders the death of a soldier/prisoner , inciting redford to lead the men in revolt . the problem is both men are cut from the same cloth , as the script poorly distinguishes them . this complexity is useful , but not when neither character is worth rooting for . the most telling scene is when a reluctant follower asks the ex-general if leading men is just moving pieces on a chessboard to him . redford answers it is , and we infer this is 'the burden of command , ' his book on warfare , i.e . the ends justify the means in battle . it is hard to become a pawn for the great military machine , when the cause is unjust or not worth the price . here , the men can just follow the severe code versus revolt . while gandolfini 's warden goes too far , his justification of needing order is reasonable . he tries to get redford shipped out on mental issues , delusions of taking command . the problem is , redford really does what the warden says shows mental infirmity . as if he cant adjust to not commanding thousands , he invents a battle . the battle seems as much about the general 's need to command troops and teach the warden a lesson as anything else . no real reason was given as to why his personal connections could not have fixed the prison problems , and they were already going that way as redford met with the warden 's superior , who 'put him on notice . ' in addition to poor character development , taking one step back the whole basis and execution of conflict in a prison yard is laughable . last , the ending is so insipid , everyone who sees it will think of <NUM> ways it could have ended more intelligently . the film instead tries to make a tearjerker when no such ending was needed or justified . a great film of the evil nature of man 's institutions is one flew over the cuckoos nest . a great war film for moral ambiguity is platoon . last castle is a must miss
price to cash flow this book was written at a time when railroads were the major industry in the us ! intangibles and more sophisticated accounting measures simply did not exist . get a book written from at least the <NUM> 's onward .
this music is a rip off . all is borrowed to the <NUM> first albums of marc bolan playing under the name of tyranosaurus rex . something more bluesy here and there but nothing allowing to give any credit to this guy . a shame
for a group that exudes such passion in their music ( live from buffalo anybody ? ) this song is like a funeral dirge . i can only hope that they have n't released the full album because they are trying to rekindle the passion that has made them the fan-favorite that they are . take your time guys - let 's get your best work . t
i loved the inferno , so i approached this book with the enthusiasm of a gourmand at an all-you-can-eat buffet . sadly , the bread turned out to be stale , the steak overdone and the desserts moldy . okay . now that i 've run that metaphor into the ground , let 's talk about vita nuova . i found it to be pretty darn tedious and highly melodramatic . the prose is self-indulgent and dry ; the poetry , while slightly better , falls into the same camp . you just want to say to the guy -- get a life ! at several points during the book , dante 's fellow townspeople mock him because of his constant waterworks and woe-is-me-ing . i sympathized with them , found myself laughing at this whiny , timid little man . dante , as he portrays himself in this book , is a bore , a sniveling , spoiled child .
if you are a fan of the original empire records , do n't buy the re-mixed fan version ... it 's a big dissappointment . there are added scenes in the movie , and some of the best lines are changed . example : when rex is leaving the store and says `` why do n't you all just fade away . '' yeah , he does n't say that in this version . i was very dissappointed when i saw this , b/c die-hard empire fans do n't want the best lines changed , so this really is n't a `` fan re-mix '' b/c it changes stuff the fans love ! ! ! definitely just buy the regular dvd or vhs version ... it 's much better as an original , not a re-mix ! ! !
dear animal collective , i am mad at you for letting me drive two hours from home to be amongst your smelly patchouli stinking fans . i ca n't say i was happy when you guys to came out on stage and were completely ridiculous and well ..... goofy . i never thought i would experience something that is the closest thing to a hippy rave , that i can think of . i was not impressed by all the crazy vocal effects you guys used . it sort of reminded me of that <NUM> year old kid messing around at guitar center . i noticed your almost dub/reggae influences ... that upset me . i am even more upset by the white boy tribal thing you have going . i noticed that you guys do n't sound anything like your albums . i noticed that the subtle things on the albums are exaggerated when played live to the point at where they are unenjoyable . i will have to listen to sung tongs again and see if holds up to your crazy live antics . seriously , i get the feeling your producer saved you . i hope that i can still enjoy your stuff without horrible flashbacks from tonight
with great anticipation , i purchased this cd but it came in some obscure `` super audio cd '' format by sony . it is unplayable on my cd player and unreadable on my laptop . the amazon product description does not designate this . bummer . now i have to go through some return/replace hassle
there are just two rules when you create a thriller with a pretty lead : <NUM> ) the lead ( the delectable ashley judd ) had better show some skin . <NUM> ) thou shalt not be boring . twisted utterly fails on both counts . basically , judd is jessica shepard , a messed up cop who specializes in hunting serial killers . she 's fond of bedding men she meets at late night bars , because she 's self-destructive . only jessica looks fabulous all the time , even when she 's been on a bender ( which is apparently every night ) . how she maintains her good looks without stinking up the place is just another part of cinema magic . jessica is mentored by john mills ( samuel l. jackson ) . for a second there i thought jackson was going to play an understated version of his usual maniacal self . i was wrong . things take a turn for the strange after jessica discovers that every man she sleeps with is murdered . and she keeps having these weird blackouts every night . the victims wash up on the shore the next day with a single cigarette burn on their hand . poor jessica is haunted by her parents ' murder/suicide and wonders ... since her father went on a mass-murdering spree before he killed himself , could she too have the `` serial killer gene '' ? jessica is paired with mike delmarco ( andy garcia ) , an italian goomba who is alternately creepy , lecherous , and like everyone else in this ridiculous movie , wants to get into her pants . mike follows her around an awful lot ... could he be the killer ? or maybe it 's the ex-boyfriend cop , jimmy schmidt ( mark pellegrino ) . or maybe it 's ... actually , i figured it out in the first ten minutes . being something of a true crime fan , and having read a bit on the subject , this entire premise is absurd . you do n't wake up one day and become a serial killer ; if anyone actually got a good look at the life of a serial killer , it screams danger from day one . pretty jessica has none of those problems in her past , except for a vague `` suppressed rage '' that manifests itself in kinky sex and kicking people in the face . her cherubic face shows no signs of hardship , and neither does the rest of her . although the script wants us to believe she 's a haggard cop , the camera is only too happy to zoom in on her rear end . not once , but twice . and it 's not a naked rear end either . so we have a gorgeous female cop who sleeps around , yet there are very few bedroom scenes . we have a serial killer plot that is connected by red herrings ( who is that lady across the street ? why does jessica fiddle with a cigarette but never light it ? ) . on one hand , the cops are strictly by the book ; they make a big deal out of the fact that jessica kicks a serial killer in the face . on the other hand , nobody pulls jessica off the case when she 's a prime suspect , nor watch her home when the serial killer is obviously following her around . neither sleazy or highbrow , gritty or moralistic , twisted is so boring , it gets bored with itself
the cd came as promised and in the condition promised . i 'm very satisfied
and falling ... the cover photo makes bush look thoughtful , somber and deep . what a crock ! the president is n't `` misunderestimated '' . if anything this administration was given a free ride after <NUM> . ( where is cheney , btw ? ) and dubya , who has yet to string together a coherent sentence , is an embarrassment . that vaunted yale degree has to be courtesy of the elder bush 's wealth and connections . how can bill sammon can write such tripe in the face of this inane war , nation-building , huge deficits , and the sophomoric , cavalier mentality of bush ? hey sammon , we 've now been in iraq 2-1/2 years . it is n't enough that we 've donated several hundred billion to build state of the art hospitals , roads , electrical grids , etc . for these people ? btw , there is concern there are n't enough educated iraquis to actually operate these facilities . it is n't enough that iraqis gas up their vehicles for pennies per gallon while u.s. citizens pay ridiculous prices . the iraquis are still letting our people do all the heavy lifting - and dying . only 1,500 iraqui troops are adequately trained to date ? you have to wonder if these people have the desire or the guts to defend their own freedoms . speaking of defense , when is bush going to do something about the southern borders with mexico . illegal immigration is up <NUM> % since this man took office and we are paying a heavy price . az and nm have already declared a state of emergency . texas is overrun . illegals are overwhelming schools , emergency rooms , welfare systems . meanwhile bush bicycles on his <NUM> acres of texasss brushland , kisses vicente fox 's behind , panders for latino votes to maintain power , and refers to peaceful u.s. citizens trying to monitor our borders as `` vigilantes '' . but he protects the borders of iraq and afghanistan with our military . this man is at the least incompetent , and at the worst treasonous . i 'm embarrassed to admit i voted for this dumbkopf .
being a long time fan of mlwttkk , i immediately pre-ordered this tribute/remix collection . upon hearing the first few moments of this cd , it was blatantly clear that whoever remixed these kult classics had little regard for the originals ' lustre . the mixes are light , airy .... pure fluff . do n't expect any chest-thumping industrial beats that tkk has delivered to its fans for many a year . the mixes butchered the originals to the point that it 's not even novel , just cotton candy filler . how tkk allowed this malformed release is beyond me . the only purpose i see that this `` tribute '' could serve is to introduce tkk to a young lightweight , whose ears are not used to original industrial epics . either that , or only for the hardcore tkk fan who just wants to have every release . the dust on my copy is already accumulating , and probably will for some time . if you 're looking to dip your toes into my life with the thrill kill kult , do n't buy this cd . stick with the new greatest hits release , or better yet , start with any release prior to `` hit & run holiday ''
i am chinese and i love dimsum . my family would have dim sum every sunday morning in chinatown growing up . now i married and there 's no chinatown or good chinese food around where i live . so i decided to learn how ot make them . however i ca n't read chinese very well . i bought this book because the recipes come in both chinese and english . anyway , this book tittle is `` chinese dimsum '' but the recipes in there is n't as true to it 's title . there are great variety of food in dim-sum food . most steamed meat dishes , variety steam dumplings and stuffed rice rolls , and rice cake . however , this book offers only <NUM> dumpling recipes . those dumpling recipes are definitely not the kind you get from a dimsum restaurant . dim-sum is the heart of southern cantonese cuisine . it 's originate from canton china and is a southern style cooking . mostly steamed cooking recipes . however , the dumpling recipes in the book are water dumpling , just like northern style . a lot more blend . northern style are the dumpling called for boiling method rather than steam cooking . well those are n't dim-sum . northern chinese people eat them as a real meal . the basics such sui-mai , cao ji . ha-cao . si long bao , are not in the book . there great variety of appetizer size meat dishes are also missing . <NUM> % of the books teaches you how to make chinese desserts . quite honestly , chinese desserts are the grossest thing on earth . only old chinese people like stuffs like black sesame past bun , red bean paste cake , red bean past sweet rice soup , peanut paste , and yam paste type desserts . it has <NUM> or six different king of steam buns recipes , same dough but different meat stuffing . well , i like steam buns , but it 's not the main focus of chinese dim-sum . i am very upset that i can not find a single recipe that i can call dimsum food
woman-hating man writes novel about man-hating woman
period dramas are , by definition , delicate commodities : they 're balanced on that , ahem , `` razor 's edge '' between high brow and just plain fussiness . i think `` howard 's end '' is a case of a robust novel buried in tea time and english lace . milliners , set designers and helena bonham carter 's hair stylist had their job cut out for them on this one
and what 's the deal with the cd cover ? anyway .. i have always found her voice to be too breathy , too mannered , and trying too hard to be sexy.i just do not like her singing.i tried.i could n't get into it.give me ella or june or sarah.now that 's singing.sorry krall fans
i was <NUM> years old when this movie was released , but i vividly remember irene cara 's smash song of the same name in <NUM> ( especially the chorus of , `` fame , i 'm gon na live forever '' ) and , after so many years , i was really looking forward to a great movie and boy was i disappointed . i was thoroughly bored during the first half-hour . the audition sequence should have been cut down by half the time because it got boring after <NUM> minutes . after this painful sequence , the movie finally gets underway . i tried to stick with the movie for the next hour and could n't do it . i appreciated what the teachers had to say about the performing arts ( it is hard work - everybody 's an actor , dancer , and/or musician but only a very small percentage actually make a living doing it ) , and i definitely appreciated the part about having to keep up your academic studies while pursuing a career in entertainment , but the movie just did n't flow for me . perhaps it would have to do with the fact that i 'm not one of those people who is n't proclaiming to anyone who 'll listen that i 'm an `` actress '' ( and who rolls their eyes at those people who do ) . besides the slow pace of the story , `` fame '' is very dated . the off-the-shoulder top ( that became the rage of the early-80s due to cara 's video ) and the depressed backdrop of the decaying inner city that characterized that `` wonderful '' decade known as the 1980s gives a potential viewer the incentive to stay away from this movie . i do n't get the hype about this film at all . - donna di giacom
i have nothing against silent films . in fact clara bow 's 'it ' , lon chaney 's 'the phantom of the opera ' and louise brooks 's 'pandora 's box ' are amongst my all-time favourites . but with the exception of 'the lodger ' , hitchcock never really got going in silent films . 'the farmer 's wife ' certainly had the potential for an easy going , enjoyable comedy , but not when it lasts over <NUM> hours . i challenge anyone to watch this film in one sitting without their eyelids feeling increasingly heavy . on the plus points , laserlight has dispensed with one of those embarrassing tony curtis introductions , and has provided us with a newly recorded ( and very good ) score . the picture quality is also very good . if you 're tempted to buy this dvd because it 's a hitchcock film , i 'd say do n't . it is only worth a look to anyone with an interest in silent films or a genuine hitchcock enthusiast
well , i just had to try another dr. phil book , since it has been a number of years since i read life strategies . to be honest , even though he can be a polarizing figure , i have nothing against him . i think his tv is a source of help and inspiration for thousands of people . this book however , was a real struggle to complete . it was not coherently structured , and the author kept saying things like `` this book will show you .... '' all the way through the book . it felt like i never left the `` introduction '' and he was continually trying to convince me ( or himself ) that this book really would eventually get to the point and that the point would be profound . instead it really could n't ever get moving and instead often relied on crass language as a weak attempt to get the reader 's attention . fret not ! there are other books out there that tackle the same general issue , but are far better reads . i recommend : <NUM> . failing forward , by john c. maxwell <NUM> . today matters , by john c. maxwell again , i have no issue with the author , and applaud his efforts . however , in writing a review to my fellow amazon customers , i must strongly recommend that you spend your time on more impactful literature within this genre . best of success to you in reaching your goals
i was pleased to get the dvd as i have been trying to get it for teaching greek mythology , but i thought the actual packaging of the dvd rather poor especially for transferring to and from my class . the disc is not properly protected in my opinion
man , i do n't know what the other reviewers of this movie were smoking , but it should be illegal ! this is , first off , a terrible dvd : 4:3 ( full screen ) format , with a dark , muddy picture . worse , the plot is typical , predictable , and poorly written . other than looking for glimpses of teri hatcher 's body , sitting through this fiasco is a total bore . i was also surprised at how bad teri 's acting was in this movie , since i 've seen her do much better in things she was in previous to this . that is probably the fault of the director , erik anjou , a third-rate director ( at best ! ) who has done a total of two movies and one documentary . gee , i wonder why he is n't in more demand ( not ! ) ! i can enjoy `` b '' movies , and bad movies , but this one is just so totally non-involving that it is not even good enough to laugh at . i ca n't imagine that this mess was released on dvd for any reason other than to cash in on teri hatcher 's current popularity , and to suck the cash out of people who are anxious to see a younger ( <NUM> year-old ) teri hatcher nude . rent this , if you must , but , wow , there is no reason anyone should want to buy a movie this bad
there is little to respect about this book . if you are looking for factual , organized and informed writing , look elsewhere . i found the conjecture regarding tesla being an atlantean engineer , incarnate ; and the co-founder ( with marconi ) of a city of the future in south america -- well i 'm sorry , but who needs this . on the other hand , the photos of ufos were as good as any i have seen . on the plus side , the copied material ( tesla letters , patents and court transcripts ) was interesting
i have read every one of stephen king 's books . this was the only one that i have not read . i have struggled to get to page <NUM> and i have no clue as to what is going one . the style of peter straub stinks . do n't waste your money , you will put this book back on the shelf an never have a clue as to what the story is about . stephen king has finally written a real clunker . this may be the worst book that i have ever tried to read
a strong sense of place was one of the many strengths of matthieu kassovitz 's under-rated crowd-pleaser 'the crimson rivers , ' one of the best french thrillers in years , but , despite including dying steel towns , artificial lakes , monasteries and even the maginot line among its locations , it 's one of the many things missing from its in-name-only sequel . other notable absences include confident direction , decent plotting , concise characterisation and a real sense of conviction in its larger than life premise , not to mention almost anybody associated with the original . with only jean reno returning and luc besson providing the very uninspired script , my expectations for this were extremely low but , in all fairness , it was n't as bad as i expected . but then , it was n't very good either - just relentlessly average , predictable and forgettable . none of the class or style of the first one , weak tv-show characterisation ( right down to the terrible 'end on a joke ' cop show clich ) and an old hat religious conspiracy plot that rehashes a few elements of the original ( chasing super-strong hooded figures , nazi conspiracies , etc ) to little effect . the writing is pretty lazy and the ending straight out of raiders of the lost ark without the supernatural effects , but if you pitch your expectations low it passes the time . but it 's very easy to see why kassovitz , vincent cassel and composer bruno coulais did n't come back for this one : i 'm willing to bet that if anyone else but bresson wrote it , reno would have skipped it too . a good package of extras are included , but you need to pitch your expectations low for the film itself
i love and `` get '' john waters ( `` cry baby '' , `` hairspray '' , `` serial mom '' etc ) and i love the unique slightly larger than life elevated acting style he demands from his actors . but this one left me cold , uncomfartable and slightly nauseous . i didnt even finish watching it . i decided to rather take a dip in our local sewerage
weezer stinks . im sooo glad i didnt buy this cd . its horrible . my friend has it . that beverly hills song , is sooo dumb . he thinks hes all cool and skater and punk singing it . he sounds emo , and i hate emo . i hope you agree with me
why
an interesting story but only an average read . jumping from one author to another is distracting . there are many other books written about women doing remarkable journeys that make a better read an deserve attention
i am so dissapointed in this cd . i bought it because i have `` blow by blow '' and `` jeff beck with the jan hammer group '' and i love those cds . this crap sounds like somebody that heard those recordings , practiced for one week and tried to do an imitation of them . i do n't like one cut on the entire cd . i only gave it one star because i could n't find a way to give it less .
most of those who were lucky enough to see this stunning srdjan dragojevic film at select film festivals in the u.s. have not forgotten its clarity , its anger , and its power . the movie was passed up for theatrical distribution , although it was readily available on vhs and now on dvd from fox lorber . this dvd is a bust in every thinkable way , although fox lorber was obviously aiming very low . the phrase `` bare-bones '' is usually used to describe discs that are given rudimentary , dismissive releases , lacking supplements that more presumably marketable titles might warrant . this dvd does contain a trailer , but the trailer , sadly , looks better than the feature . `` bare-bones '' would have been fine , but watching this disc is torture . it 's obviously a quickie transfer from the vhs -- i could have produced a better amateur transfer -- with a loud hiss tainting the soundtrack throughout , poor audio balance ( with dialogue pulsing between speakers in an artificial echo ) poor contrast , a muddy , dark image , burnt-in subtitles , and so forth . fox lorber were long the scourge of the art-film dvd market , and their soulless neglect of their titles has never been more apparent than in this disc . new yorker and wellspring ( formerly winstar ) are guilty of similar offenses
first of all what kind of name is nelly ? it sounds about as bad-ass as the bee gee 's . and although nelly is n't as bad as chingy or feminem , he is n't much of an improvement either . the lyrics are stupid , and often ridiculous ( uh , 'hot in herre ' anyone ? ) , and he would go as far as rapping about sneakers , in that horrible excuse of a rap 'air force ones ' . 'pimp juice ' has to be the worst song i 've ever heard , well , next to 'the real slim shady ' by butterfinger , er , eminem . nelly looks like a freakin ' gorrila ! and that stupid bandaide does n't help him too much either . if i had to pick the five worst rappers in history they would be as follows : <NUM> . ludacris <NUM> . fat joe <NUM> . nelly <NUM> . chingy <NUM> . eminem nelly at <NUM> ... it does n't take a genius to figure out that buying this is a bad decision . jesus ! nelly makes <NUM> cent look like eazy e
i think before people read this book they should be aware that this 'therapist ' is hardly an impartial counselor . she had a strong anti-adoption bias from the start , so any testimony from her on how baby richard is doing is automatically suspect .
sorry but if this movie gets better with time i would n't know . i was too impatient and bored to wait . if a movie does n't capture me in the first 5-10 minutes i 'm finished . this could be a five star movie for someone who has some patience and willing to invest the time
these guys are not artists . they are unimaginative lamebrains unwittingly and badly rewriting already overplayed music from a long dead scene . it 's like a few monkeys build a house , and all the other monkeys rave about it , but in reality the house is just a banana tree with a welcome mat ... whatever that means . i am constantly astounded as to how waste like this gets on the radio . buy this cd if you want to vomit everywhere .
i own and really liked ms. chenoweth 's previous album , i 've enjoyed her on the stage , and i also like gospel music in general . i do n't think i 'm anti-religion . still , this album was a bit of a shock . it 's a huge departure from her work to date and i hope just an aberration . wikipedia calls as i am `` a mixture of hymns and contemporary christian music ... with arrangements that sound similar to adult contemporary . '' it also notes that `` to promote the album , she made an appearance on the <NUM> club . '' this was probably good marketing , because the only place i have heard music comparable to this is on religious cable channels . if you like lyrics about jesus set to saccharine arrangements ( `` because he lives , i can face tomorrow '' ) , you will enjoy this album . what was she thinking ? incidentally , if you are looking for really strong reinterpretations of great gospel songs , cds by the late eva cassidy contain some better choices . taylor the latte boy is cute , but it 's hardly worth ordering the whole album to get it . it 's covered by many other artists , e.g . susan egan . skip this , unless you are looking for music for a church gathering .
this was the worst seagal movie ever made ... it was confusing , dark , stupid plot and they made his voice sound like the marlboro man with cancer . i used to love his movies but if this is the stuff he is now making he is all washed up . he fights like a old man in the movie too ... dont waste your time or money ... too bad ... he used to be great
this book was easy enough to read , it just was n't what i expected from quindlen . i usually find her writing style and her way of thinking about things so captivating , in this book i really did not find either of those traits to stand out . the back-and-forth from current day to the past was somewhat confusing , and sometimes i was in the middle of a paragraph before i realized this paragraph was a jump to the past , whereas the previous paragraph was present time . although i got used to that writing style , i always found it annoying . the storyline itself never sold me either : a typical , young `` sew-your-wild-oats '' boy finds a baby and decides to keep it and is the `` perfect '' father . i just did not find such an occurrence likely . and , as a mother myself , all the times he either left the newborn alone or took it with him while he labored on the land just made me squirm . anyway the whole story seemed far-fetched and disjointed to me , and a disappointment especially since i have been a quindlen fan for many , many years
the cover states the book is for & quot ; students and nonspecialist & quot ; , which i found to be not true . the best example was in the chapter metaphysics , if you do not already understand the concepts and especially aquinas ` arguements before reading the book you will definitly not understand them after reading the book . i felt the book confuses much more than enlightens
i was , overall , disappointed by this cd . there are many good reviews here , but they generally overpraise . tracks <NUM> through <NUM> have too much synthesizer for my ears . a major highlight is track <NUM> , the crab and the egret , but interestingly , the flute is accompaniment to the wondrous chinese percussion . disappointingly , the cd is only <NUM> minutes long and left me wanting more tunes without synthesizer accompaniment
this book had the potential to be very good but in the end , it is quite average . the author 's worst enemy is himself . for some unknown reason , reidy feels the need to make some sort of joke or wisecrack once every six sentences . this interrupts the flow of the story and , most importantly , the jokes quit being funny around page <NUM> . and on top of that , the constant attempts at humor create a sense that the author is lying about many things . i am not sure why reidy felt the need to constantly make jokes ( self-deprecating and otherwise ) but it absolutely ruined the entire story . after a while , you will begin to think he is making up half the stories he tells . in all , a very disappointing read .
you have to read about <NUM> pages of this book before any action starts . i was frankly bored by the entire book . once the action starts , it 's fairly contrived . reacher is one of those very lucky or very unlucky `` heros . '' and if you 're one of those readers who like to try to figure out who is doing the dirty deeds , you ca n't . there are absolutely no clues you can use to determine the perpetrators . and who says the secret service does n't act proactively ? while this is one of the book 's major premises , the history of the service is filled with proactive activities to protect those who come under their care . i remember once when the president came to my hometown and spoke on the statehouse steps . office workers in nearby buildings used telescopes to get a better view . all of them were seen by secret service agents and men with guns visited them in one big hurry . radios were used in abundance . and this was over thirty years ago . do you think the service has become more capable or less capable since then ? if a single radio was used in this story , the perpetrators would have been caught about halfway through the book . when president bush ( the first one ) wanted to walk across the mackinac bridge for the annual walk , they took over the entire hotel where he would be staying , and not because they needed the space . a list of others who would be in attendance during the walk and at the dinner the previous evening had to be vetted starting <NUM> weeks prior to his visit , including local police . they even kept the pitcher of ice tea that he would be drinking from in a locked box watched over by an agent ( same with condiments ) . after spending a bazillion dollars up to and after the president 's meal , the prez graciously paid for his own meal , and left a nice tip . big of him . so agents do n't just show up a couple of hours or in one case in the book , a few minutes before the big event , and throw a cordon around him . i was also left with some unexplained questions at the end . so , it 's dull , inaccurate , and an insult to those brave souls who protect our nation 's leaders
it is tough to appreciate the spirit and enthusiasm that these tunes usually convey . good song selection , but it sounds like this was recorded by a <NUM> piece high school band in their band room . i highly recommend going directly to your favorite college web site and purchasing their own arrangement and recording . no band can play any other school 's song with the same emotion given to their own fight song
if you are looking to obtain a basic knowlege of web programming , then this is not the book for you . i wanted a basic guide , but the author managed to create a book that is too basic . yes , i was able to get my first website up on the internet , but it does n't do anything . for that , i 'll need to buy another book .
authors note : for some reason i rated this album a <NUM> out of <NUM> stars , although i thought i had rated a bit higher , and since i ca n't change that `` star-rating '' now , i will say this : this album is good , borderline great at times , and shows at a lot of promise . it 's hyper and rough around the edges , but a lot of fun . it contains a handful good songs , and few great ones , here are a few of the standouts : `` bicycle , bicycle , you are my bicycle '' , and `` adventure '' , are both good ... although i feel that `` we will vacation , you can be my parasol '' is a better song , and had they played around with it a bit more in the studio , it could have `` the single '' , but it 's a great song either way . the next portion i would like to direct to members byop : whatever muse you guys followed to come up with `` october , first account '' , keep following it , and if need be , hold it hostage at gunpoint . that song is `` the single '' of the entire album , and if you can recapture that same mojo a bit more on the next album , the skies the limit .
i bought this cd for one reason only- kyu sakamoto 's `` sukiyaki '' . unfortunately , this <NUM> compilation cd has a tremendous amount of hiss which makes for an annoying and disappointing listening experience . you will be much happier buying one of kyu 's newer cds with better noise reduction technology , and as an added bonus , you will also be rewarded with his other material which you will not get with this bad cd .
okay , i too fell for this ..... i was under the impression that this cd contained prince music tracks ..... not just a spoken word , unauthorized audio biography ! ! amazon 's description should have made this clear , and i would not have purchased this item .
i 've waited for years to get this wonderful classic on dvd and was so disappointed to discover it 's only available in a full-screen format . for those who do n't know the difference , this classic was originally filmed in a widescreen format , so to make it fit the traditional square television , they had to crop out a lot of the picture . what 's more , this `` restored '' version contains no documentaries -- only trailers and cast lists . i e-mailed sony about a possible widescreen release and was told there are no plans for another release at this time . what a shame ! the film was released on vhs in a widescreen format and deserved to be handled with the same respect in the dvd release . if you want to get the full impact of the theatrical release , do n't buy this chopped-up version . save your money and watch the vhs or widescreen airings on turner classic movies . eventually someone will do right by this film and release a better dvd
more fish recipes than your normal cook-in-advance books . i did n't want to buy the book , but my cat spilled iced tea on the borrowed copy ( helpful kitty ) . there were a few interesting recipes , but everything was way too complicated and expensive . i have since given my copy to a thrift store . if you enjoy cooking and eating gourmet recipes , but do n't have the time , this might be for you . if you can borrow it at the library ( via interlibrary loan if your branch does n't have it ) you can better judge it . i ca n't recommend it , because i found almost nothing appealing . but tastes are personal , and ymmv . just keep the book away from iced tea and cats
the unbearable lightness of being was considered an unfilmable novel for a good reason : the point of kundera 's writing is not his plot - or even his characters - but his style . for instances , his endless digressions about history , politics , and philosophy . for the movie , we are left with nothing but plot and character . ok , what is one to do ? that in itself would n't be so bad if i did n't watch the film with the constant thought : i could read the book in less time than it takes me to watch this movie . this is a slow film . it takes an hour-and-a-half story and takes three hours to tell it . i ca n't recommend the film
once again in fantasyland we go with fake `` gangstas '' .p diddo or diddity , pifily poof what ever his name is this week.this movie is not worth the price of the plastic used to make it.the established italian mobsters would not put a black or puerto rican on equel footing.these guys would not share the same area in the joint.ridiculous ! ! ! when it comes to true gangsters there are serious racial/ethnic barriers.that is just the facts.as much as the mass media tries to rewrite history it still doesnt change it
i would say get this for the song tommorow by saif keta but the one song if you watch the flim very closly was when ali and his brother paid jamie fox a visit in the hotel and ali riding on the train , that track was by johnny farmer a old school blues song called death letter , with great vocals this song is not on soundtrack `` why ? it is the best song in the whole damn movie i wonder where i can get it like it was song in the movie ? if you know let me know
i have loved riverdance since the first time i saw it on pbs . i could wait till i received my riverdance : live from new york dvd so many years ago . recently , i had a chance to see it on tour when it came to los angeles . i had been waiting for that moment so long and it was everything i could hope for ( with the exception of them having removed the song `` home in the heartland '' which any ture fan knows brought the story full circle ) . that night , i ordered not only riverdance : live from geneva , but also jean butler 's irish dance dvd ( which i would recommend ) . to make a long story short , do n't waste your time with this version of the show . the main female singer is absolutely horrible ( definitely does n't hold a candle to katie macmahon 's original vocals ) , and the lead female dancer 's too short hair drove me crazy . do yourself a favor and purchase the <NUM> dvd live from new york . i promise you wo n't be disappointed
i just failed to finish it . i rejected it from my dvd player after tormented by this horrible taste movie about <NUM> minutes . it 's not just ridiculous or not funny , it 's stupid .
i had heard a lot about my chemical romance , both positive and negative . i decided to pick up a used copy of 'three cheers for sweet revenge ' so i could form my own opinion without the biased input of from jaded indie hipster snobs or <NUM> year-old spoiled scene kids . this record was written and marketed to deliver pop songs , and the opener 'helena ' is an outstanding one . it has a great melody that stands up to repeated listening , and the performance is passionate and convincing . the problem is that on every other song on the album , i was bored with the melodies and performances , even after extensive repeated listening [ i 'm talking about keeping this in my cd player for over <NUM> months , not just a quick skip-through ] . the high-gloss production values suffocate any negligable amount of rocking power and sonic depth that the music might have had , and the juvenile melodrama of the lyrics and melodies gets old real fast when they do n't deliver the pop hooks they promise . this album does not rock . period
i was very disappointed in the condition of the book . the book worked fine for what i wanted it for but i had to clean it up before i could use it . there was food stuff all over it . the pages were not only dirty but roughed up on the edges . i felt like i paid too much for the condition it was in
for some reason there seem to be three versions of this album listed separately for sale on amazon . one of them only has <NUM> tracks . be sure to get the version with <NUM> tracks because the 14th track is too good to miss . `` down the line '' is one of the live songs and you absolutely want to have that cut . this review seems to appear in several versions of the albu
adams is clearly a thoughtful christian man who cares about husbands and wives . my problem : his definition of those roles are too old-fashioned and rigid for my taste . just so you know , i am not a liberal woman who either ignores the bible or is ignorant of its teaching ; i know the biblical teachings on marriage and it is their instructions i disagree with adams about . he consistently calls the wife the `` helper '' , which diminishes the aspect of partnership that i believe marriage should be . a leader and a helper is not a partnership , it is basically one central figure and a secondary figure who helps them . adams stresses the specialness of a helper to uplift the concept , but is apparently unaware that the role still pushes a sense of lesserness on the woman 's side because , if a wife is a helper , who is she helping ? the husband ! the man is still the central figure and the wife is not seen as his mate , but his `` helper '' , a moon revolving around a sun . his beliefs basically come from the age-old concept of , in regards to a wife 's role , taking the biblical word `` submit '' and turning it into `` obey '' . honey , they 're not the same . submission , unlike obedience , can be mutual and does not always have to do with authority . the concept of marital submission , i believe , is basically to surrender to another 's needs and put the other before oneself ; this does not at all necessarily mean obeying ! therefore , adam 's words that the husband is never to submit to the wife were incorrect . certainly the husband is never supposed to obey his wife , but he is clearly expected to submit to her needs . the bible stresses the importance of the husband laying down his life for his wife if necessary ; that is huge submission on the husband 's part . submitting to a spouse should not be a matter of one ruling over the other , but rather a matter of both spouses making sacrifices out of love and respect for each other . adams ' words of wifely obedience were very grating to me , especially when he tried giving examples of when a wife should refuse a sinful `` command '' from her husband . if a husband freely commands his wife , we 've got bigger problems than whether the command itself is sinful or not . adam 's advice for the wife to `` respectfully '' refuse a sinful command also rather threw me , since his example of a sinful command was if a husband wanted his wife to play spouse-swap with another couple . his idea of what to say to such a husband ? `` i must respectfully say no . you must not ask me to sin and i can not do that . '' firstly , if a husband actually had the nerve to ask his wife to do something like that ( or command it , in adams ' words ) , he 'd be lucky if a disrespectful answer was all he got . secondly , i defy anyone to find a self-respecting wife who actually talks that way . the monotone of that robotic answer gave me the impression that adams ' taken this obedience thing a little too far . this impression was strengthened with his example of how a counselor should advise a woman who `` has not been a good helper '' . his advice : `` they ( wives ) must be trained to put on helpful deeds , a step many counselors overlook . '' maybe counselors overlook this because the concept of training women to be obedient helpers is , rightly , obsolete for most people . books like these , which so rigidly define the roles of spouses , have a tendency to simultaneously overcomplicate and oversimplify marriage ( not an easy thing to do , but they manage ) . they oversimplify marriage because they seem to believe that if women just obey and respect their husbands and if husbands just love and nurture their wives , the marriage will go swimmingly . it is not that simple ! marriage is not a recipe with instructions , it 's a union between two people who will occassionaly have conflicting ideas , and conflicts will not magically vanish if one spouse always gives in to the other . this method also overcomplicates things because it stresses the idea of training women to be followers rather than just letting them be led by love and respect for their husbands and letting the rest fall into place on its own . every marriage is different ; it should be godly , of course , but you can not make the roles of spouses cookie-cutter . christian books tend to do this mainly as a result of the author taking the bible too literally . adams does this by saying that , because the bible tells the husband and not the wife to love , loving is primarily the husband 's job . he went on to say that , if a husband complains that there is little love in the marriage , his counselor should tell him that it 's mainly his fault ! honestly , this alarmed me more than his earlier words about counselors training women to be helpers ( what kind of counselors are these , anyway ? ) . to automatically blame either spouse for a marital problem based on your personal interpretation of the bible instead of what 's actually happening in the marriage is a little scary ( if a professional counselor does this , it 's downright terrifying ) . the interpretation itself is rather skewed ; the bible stresses on women giving respect and men giving love because respect is something that most men already give naturally and love is already something that women give naturally . it does not mean that the husband is the only one who has to love and the wife only has to respect , so to blame a lack of love automatically on the husband is simply unfair and silly . there are plenty of women who have a hard time loving and men who have a hard time respecting ; you can not simply assume which spouse is at fault because of biblical instructions . this is not a bad book , but unless you view marriage in the same rigid terms as adams , it probably wo n't do much for you . if it focused more on mutual love and respect rather than defining one sort of behavior for one particular spouse , it would 've worked a lot better for me .
i am reading the book `` the westing game '' and i say that this book absolutely awful . the book has very little details , and the plot is oh , so boring , and i never like this before . the characters names are pointlessly appropriate such as `` crow '' , `` turtle ' , and `` uncle sam '' . the scenery is bad , and i could imagine better places . the ending was also absolutely terrible in all ways ever . i would rather drink tea from a gutter then read this book again . the book starts as a pointless scenario and progress to a field of writing horror . i think the author had a huge writers block , and wrote down what ever she could think of first . i do n't now how , but newbery award . i would have slapped a biohazard sticker to the book just to so how i really think of this book . my summary is that this book is extremely terrible , and should be destroyed .
tracks on this cd are very easily consumable . two kisses the first song sounds very catchy but i don ' t think it ' s music . i don ' t think he 'd have a chance in the us or the uk music markets
a ferocious beast that loves mickey mouse ? capable of ripping two armed policemen to shreds ? capable of eluding the marines in the wilderness ? all these talents and the final encounter with this terrible monster is so anticlimatic it made me resent having wasted my time with the novel . and the ending . . . . horrible . it was as if koontz thought the audience of this novel would be teenagers looking for something like r.l . stine would write . i 'd give it a half a star if i could
i only bought this dvd , because i 'm a rabid jason isaacs fan , and i 'm intent on eventually seeing everything in his imdb listing , but yeesh . this was just painful . the only good parts were jason as clark devlin and debbie mazar as steena , and those parts were entirely too brief . in fact , there is a much , much better movie featuring those two particular characters implied in this forgettable little piece of nonsense . i really wish i owned that movie .
many people who love latin music and vintage latin album graphics will snatch up this book . be forewarned that there are disappointments to be found inside . the author/compiler seems to look down his nose at the garish , exotic , sexy and sensational album sleeves from the '40s and '50s that we gringos adore , choosing for the most part to showcase politically correct , bizarre abstract art creations from the 1970s . no me gusta ! it 's not that there are none of the earlier variety of album sleeve on display here , but there are not nearly enough . what 's worse , the author interprets `` latin music '' to mean cuban , brazilian and puerto-rican-derived product ; if you 're looking for reproductions of some great old ranchera , flamenco or merengue album sleeves , you 're out of luck . the richness and diversity of latin music is missing from this book . cocinando ! is certainly a groundbreaking collection , but by no means is it definitive . i hope someone follows up this incomplete history with another that presents the golden age of latin music from a more unbiased viewpoint . i 'd like to take the opportunity here to tout the collectability of vintage mexican album sleeves ; many of them are absolutely gorgeous , and they need to be recognized as the works of art that they are .
yeah i read the reviews on how great this album is . dont get me wrong its unique but that doesnt mean im gon na feel it . im sure some underground head is gon na read this and trip and write a review dissin me . so let me tell you there is just as much fake ass artists in the underground as mainstream . so dont discriminate mainstream and underground . give mainstream a chance . you might like it . i dont even talk about whats what anymore . i like outkast , the game , and some g unit that doesnt make me a `` a non true hip hop head '' . oh yeah back to the album . i really didnt like it cuz it was borin and left me thinking about other things . im mad that i bought this cd . i will give him a <NUM> star for effort though . heed my words majority kids
i keep trying but can not get interested in the stories by this author . they seem to drag out with her style of `` he said/she said '' writing with nothing exciting , except perhaps one part in this book . the story begins as the famous lt. bak is asked by his commander thuty to investigate the disappearance of an explorer named minnakht . his guide , senna tells bak of the disappearance and attraction to turquoise mines near the sea . the land is hostile and murder and death come as lt. bak questions each man over and over . the ending was not exciting or unexpected . lt. bak 's constant referrals to the donkeys ( we know how he is sympathetic to animals , this big strong medjay ! ! i had to make myself sit and finish it .
are you kidding me - <NUM> stars ? ? ? ? ? this tells me that the rest of america - all youz guys - are getting real dumb . you should be ashamed to rate this bomb a <NUM> star movie . how annoying was the lead actress ? the jerky filming , avante garde , not . dumb plot - not much better than it was all just a dream . do n't rent it ! scrap it . i hated it
i 'm a big fan of the sopranos so obviously the f word does n't bother me but this entire series seems like an excuse to show cowboys say the f word and mf . the stories and characters are superficial , boring and unintelligent . people who like this show are the same people who think that what makes the sopranos a great show is because people get `` whacked '' a lot .
i bought this record assuming the songs would be as poignant and memorable as those on ii . instead , i found the music to be busy and impersonal , and i thought the lyrics ( once again in comparison to those on ii ) sucked . its often said that up on the sun demonstrates the meat puppets coming into their own 'sound ' , and that its a vast improvement over ii . i fail to see how their work on ii was any less of a genuine expresssion of the bands vision than this frankly dull piece of work
this is a joke . it has too much uninspired music from browne 's later albums , and leaves out classics like `` that girl could sing . '' sadly , there are no decent collections of jackson browne 's music yet released , and fans will still have to get all of his great albums separately and make their own collections . from other reviews , i gather that rock snobs are frustrated by the album 's omission of `` obscure gems . '' and people like me who just want to hear the great songs we grew up with are equally disappointed .
imagine no possessions ? fine , then you get rid of your jewel encrusted luxury palaces . imagine no religion ? fine , if religion 's such a `` crutch '' , then you forsake your million dollar drug habit . imagine no countries ? fine , then you move from england or america to africa or el salvador . the world will be as one ? fine , then you act like an adult and do n't abandon your wife and child when they need you the most . john lennon was a text book phony . he was a grown-up with a child 's brain who ordered the rest of us to live a life that he would n't . maybe if he did n't squander his days snorting cocaine through one hundred dollar bills he would have recognized how utterly ridiculous he sounded ..... then and now . the utopian dreams of the <NUM> 's are history , and they were destroyed by none other than lennon himself-an unscrupulous fantasy peddler who selfishly preyed upon the optimism of a generation . his blatant hypocrisy was so obnoxious that the very thought of his music makes my stomach turn . thank you very much . -dw .
renato constantino & quot ; miseducation of the filipino & quo
i never knew a voice could sound that good but his does and i hope that he keeps up the good work.he has a strong voice and should be heard more often on radio.a friend of mine bought one of his cd at one of his concerts and it was the best i have heard in a long time.your music sounds like it is coming from your heart.the one song that really stood out alot to me was mama was alot like jesus.i think that it should be your next release.it 's a very touching ballad and i think people will want to hear more.a new and dedicated fan.gerarda watso
this cd is too wack to have so many songs . j lo should 've just kept it below five . her voice is thin , tasteless , and watery like powdered milk at the end of the month .
there is probably no one in entertainment history who accomplished less alive and had more adulation dead than jimmi hendrix . if he is the standard , adam ant and spandau ballet should have died young- they 'd be first ballot rock n roll hall of famers . wtf ?
i was expecting a glimpse of some of richard 's funniest acts . the dvd does not do that . it merely interviews people who knew him and give you a glimpse about his career with some takes from some of his stand up shows . i was under the imppression that i am purchasing a dvd that shows some of his funny shows , stand ups and maybe a dvd of something new about richard . ( a never before seen show or something like that ) never the less , he never fails to be the funniest comedian that ever lived .
she does n't sing ... she yells ! ! ! and using one of ednita 's songs as she did with `` lo que son las cosas '' is just sacrilege at its `` best '' ( or worst ) . it 's really easy to hit it big with your first single when the song is already a classic by itself . she has absolutely nothing on beyonce or cristina aguilera . her cd is just plain bad ! if you want to hear good music by latin women with beautiful powerful voices ( and that actually sing ) , you might want to look for la lupe , celia cruz , ednita nazario and lucecita benitez ... and these are only the ones i remembered at the moment
solar flow is a fine dvd , but should not be marketed as something separate from yoga shakti . there are no new sequences , just remixes of the shakti sequences . since you can rearrange all the shakti sequences on your own , solar flow is superfluous . i do n't feel a lot of shanti being swindled into purchasing the same thing twice . a little disclosure please ! -rebecc
this is humor ? when does the humor begin ? is it close to the end cause i reckon that this ai n't funny . maybe the fans of this guy can go home and beat there spouses with banjos and leave the rest of us alone , i reckin
buy this disc if you want to feel like someone stole your favorite toy , tagged it with profane sharpie writing , and then tried to sell it back to you as something new ; gavin 's version of we are the champions made me feel like stabbing myself in the eye with my pen ; eleven 's version of stone cold crazy made me feel like i was having a seriously horrible acid trip ; and breaking benjamin 's version of who wants to live forever sounded like i had the vocals slowed down but the music was sped up ; good rock song + crappy artists = cringe worthy remakes that never should have been released ; this album is only getting <NUM> star because i dont think it will let me give it <NUM> and constantines version of bohemian rhapsody is awesome ! it the only song worth listening and you can probably download it some where or get it from your dumb friend who bought the disc and then relized it what a piece of crap ...
are you kidding me -- the boy in the plastic bubble falls in love with this girl who wanted nothing to do with him until she went skating and hit her head on a nice outdoor patio set that i swear came from home depot . sure , i should be more concerned about who the stumkopf was who put lawn and garden itmes in the middle of a skating rink , i just wish that the skating chick who do perform a perfect hamil camel in front of ten thousand screaming fans could act her way our of a triple sow-cow . besideds , did n't she play a dumb blonde skater in a james bond movie ? wow what a stretch ! and could n't someone on that balcony have screamed `` hey , dummy , watch out for the chiminea ! '' anyway this movie made me wish i was blind ! skip it and every movie with the tag line -- starring robbie benson
`` teach me sweetheart '' and `` waiting to know you '' get a lot of play around my parts . likeable , but heavy on the weirdo synth sounds . ease off the pro tools knobs man
i paid for my herbal patent formulas book but you i never got it ! could you please find out what went wrong . i recieved a letter saying that i purchased it , and paid for it but i never got it . i even wrote to you thanking you for finding the book . please get back to me . ric cosentino
i 've been focusing on some prizewinning books as of late , and i thought this would be a necessary prelude to reading ford 's pulitzer prize winnning `` independence day '' . ford has insights into what suburban life is and the desire for comfort and mystery in protagonist frank 's life . frank 's struggle to wrestle with the loss of his son and his marriage presents an opportunity to peer inside his mind and see what makes it tick . what you think of this book will depend on what you think of frank as a narrator . his desire to evade deeper meaning and personal responsibility was maddening to me at times ; others will find this a profound truth in the book . i also found him to be longwinded and i had a hard time rooting for and identifying with him as a character . slogged through this book and at the end , i do n't think it was worth it for me . <NUM> star
this book was readable and somewhat compelling in that i wanted to know what would happen next . however , the narrative was ridiculous in its depiction of the character 's lives . a ucla professor who seems to have all kinds of free time for attending events with her famous movie star husband ? it reinforces the stereotype of college professors having an easy job that does n't require any more time than giving lectures ( with apparently no preparation ) , going on sabbatical whenever they feel like it , and traveling to exotic places to do research . that was just one of the silly descriptions in this very silly book . i had to work to suspend my disbelief long enough to finish it . it was like watching a soap opera - a guilty pleasure
the movie does n't at all reflect the original book story in its core concept . if i did n't read the book before i would n't be able to guess what is the movie trying to explain . i doubt anybody , based on the movie only , would be able to understand what happend in <NUM> in the czech republic and what was the consequence for the entire society
i ordered this cd on may <NUM> and i have not yet received it.please advise as to what to do about this . i know i have been charged and i would like to think this does n't happen very often . you might know , the first time i order cd 's off the net and one of the <NUM> does n't arrive
i ca n't believe how many people think this movie is a masterpiece . i had such high expectations of it and was extremely disappointed . when the film began i was interested for about <NUM> minutes , but then as it went on i started to have doubts . after a while i was debating whether or not to turn it off , but towards the end i decided to leave it on just to see how bad it was actually going to get . and it really did get bad ! the ending was so predictible and hackneyed . it was just another crappy cops and robbers story , but with a high budget and an all-star cast
this joe d'amato film takes the women in prison genre one step deeper into the abyss of sleaze , bordering on pornography . the plot , or lack thereof , is typical : woman goes into jail undercover to unearth the guards corruption . to make the film last <NUM> minutes , joe d'amato fills the story with lesbianism , vile tortures , naked women in rat infested sewers , and plenty of gratuitous sex . i gave this movie <NUM> star because there is no option for a <NUM> star rating . even hardcore fans of euro sex queen laura gemser will find this one a total bore
i thought that this book was o.k . for the most part , but i really did n't like some parts at all . what really gave the book a bad effect was what lavaughn finds out about jody . i think that kind of ruins the book . i was very sure that she was going to talk to jody , or something , but after she finds out the true thing behind him , i think it was a total waste of writing . i do n't really reccommend this book to anyone , it had a nice writing style , but the actual writing was n't that great
but they tried way to hard to supercede front page news and to make it more successful . failed at both attempts ! this was a big slump period for the band at this point in time . in fact most of these songs when performed live , had the intense fire , these studio versions lacked . 'way of the world ' scorched everytime i heard it live , but on no smoke without fire , well it was a smouldering flicker . this was one of their biggest letdowns with laurie wisefield on second guitar . the live tracks included here ( lorelei ) are nice but are hardly indicative of what 'couldve been ' , if that energy was put to better use for this project
i was listening to this and the person 's voice is awful . he 's not even like on tune . it 's very annoying
i loved avp but i mean come on ! they made the soundtrack really stink
actually i meant to write this review for the subsequent album , which i found to be too bland to play more than once . this one i have n't listened to . ooops
duet featuring barbra and the scabrous vocal stylings of bryan adams is the perfect background music for a bridal make-over segment on oprah . like other streisand albums of late , it 's overly lush and sentimental . sometimes love does this to people
alright , the song i am looking for is when the group is in copenhagen i believe ? cooper goes off by himself to the local sex club , where they proceed to have all sorts of fun with him . i am looking for the song that plays in that scene . its not very long , and its in german , but it sounded vaguely familiar . i have had no other luck finding it , so i thought i would ask here . thanks , ~dash
i must agree with the previous reviewer , who found this cd 'lacking in grandeur ' . the vocal performances and music are meticulously crafted and delivered , and may indeed be true to the spirit of the period in which they were written . but they are curiously lightweight , and i felt like i was listening to musical fluff . & quot ; jesu joy of man 's desiring & quot ; -- in my opinion , the most moving of all the cantatas -- was far too fast-paced : it sounded distressingly like the minute waltz . & quot ; sleepers awake & quot ; received similar treatment . professionally , all of the performers on this cd undoubtedly delivered , but what they delivered was curiously lacking in the soul-stirring majesty that bach 's cantatas can evoke
this was joe walsh in his prime , when he was really rockin' if your a james gang fan , and you like live music , you really should own this `` cd '' ! ( joe at some of his best ! ! ! )
first things first the moive suck ass , this sucks even more ass ! dumb animation ever ! dumb story ! dumb secenes that donot i repeat donot make any bit of damn sence ! aviod at all cost
one of the supporting actresses said it best in this movie , `` forget what you saw on tv . '' the entire disaster is based on , well , make-believe . and to top it off , it appears the only person in the entire country who figured out what is going on has written scientific books that nobody else believes . everybody else are idiots and have absolutely no idea what to do . in fact , the head of fema , who has been placed in charge of overseeing the problems , ca n't seem to come up with more than one plan . he draws a complete blank when asked for a contingency plan . and then there is the entire nuclear warhead thing is just laughable and a complete ripoff of armagedon . the only thing missing was bruce willis . the only thing that was promised and delivered was the special effects . it actually was n't all that bad for a made-for-tv movie . unfortunately , that is the only good thing i can come up wtih . the acting was silly , the dialogue was horrocious , the length was way too long , and the reality was n't existent . all in all , i would not recommend this unless you are really into disaster flicks ( which my wife is and why i ended up watching it myself ) .
i never received the cd from amazon despite seveeral e-mails to track down my order . i asked american express to cancel my charges since there was n't any response from amazon
prince is talented , though i ca n't remember when i last heard it because he has dropped plenty of wack music for a really , really long time.in hindsight he is basically a musical version of puffy.meaning while prince can play , he ai n't never done anything remotely original.he was in the late <NUM> 's through the <NUM> 's a poor man 's michael jackson.then fast forward to the <NUM> 's on this long-winded album he was trying to jack r.kelly 's style.interesting irony is that michael jackson & r.kelly could do prince 's whole thing in there sleep , but when he tired to emulate them he comes across even more corny than he already is.he will touch the king of pop mj & the king of r & b r.kelly so maybe in the future prince will find some originality ? ? i doubt it.he just bites off everyone.wasted talent
i hate this cd . i have most of the other chieftan cd 's , and their collaboration with other artists has always worked in the past . this collection runs the gamut from mediocre to ludicrous . to paraphrase a line from spinal tap : & quot ; there 's a fine line between clever and stupid. & quot ; this one 's over the line . & quot ; tears of stone & quot ; is my current fave
peeps , if you want a good ministry album , try amazon.co.uk ! ! the club scene is much bigger there and has the best dj 's in the world and so .co.uk has a much bigger choice of dance albums ! check it out
i really like reba but she messed up so big on this cd that its pitiful . someone get me some excedrin migraine tablets please ! ! i was nauseous after hearing this mess .
i guess i 'd better confess right away : i did n't finish this book . i only made it a third of the way before i was too disgusted to finish it . i 'm sure there are many useful things i could learn if i could choke it all down , but it was very difficult . i do n't think it helped that i just finished the case against wal-mart by al norman . i think it 's great that wal-mart was able to bring goods to smaller towns that really did n't have access to a department store or discount retailer , but i ca n't get over the desruction of american businesses , american jobs and the terrible wages and benefits for american workers ( not to mention all the foreign workers who produce wal-mart goods ) that have become standard operating procedure . lower costs at any cost is not a responsible way to run a business , and while i agree that soderquist did a great job at making himself rich and the company successful , i think the damage is costly
while i realize that the majority of people thought this to be a stellar book , it reminds me of the story , `` the emperor has no clothes '' . yes , choan can write a beautiful sentence and yes , the first several pages were intriguing but the switching of years was very annoying . the `` flipping back and forth '' was not accomplished in a smooth , flowing manner . in addition , the subject matter was incredibly depressing and the characters were so flawed that one did not even care about how their lives evolved . the kidnapping was predictable and the ending contrived . it would be impossible to recommend this book to anyone
if you have n't learned from a teacher , you wo n't learn from this book . it does serve , however , as a reminder for someone who has moved away from other practitioners , so that a thorough workout does n't leave out any of the forms , letting it fade into the oblivion of the memory
`` nonsuch '' is one of those records that i think was doomed to failure -- having constructed ( with a little help from todd rundgren ) a thematic song cycle ( `` skylarking '' ) and an album of perhaps the best pop music in two decades ( `` oranges & lemons '' ) , the bar was set pretty high for xtc , and in an attempt to reach it , they seemed to have overreached a bit . it 's not that the album is bad per se , it 's just so carefully arranged and produced to have lost the edge that made its predecessors so great . the band seems to have distilled themselves down to midtempo numbers , occasionally finding a bit of a driving electric sound ( opener `` the ballad of peter pumpkinhead '' ) , but largely sticking to a quieter , balladry style , often primarily piano driven . sometimes it works out quite nicely , the lovely , chirping staccato guitars on `` humble daisy '' provide ample support for a simply fantastic lead vocal by andy partridge , and certainly the lilting off-rhythm of `` then she appeared '' is downright captivating , but more likely than not , the pieces end up blending one into another as pretty much unmemorable pop songs that are inoffensive and ok but just not attention getting ( colin moulding 's `` my bird performs '' , partridge 's `` the disappointed '' ) . to cap things off , the album stretches over an hour long , and by the end of the record , even the more intriguing material ( `` the ugly underneath '' ) seems to blend in with the rest . it 's tough though , becaue none of it is particularly bad , and in fact , all sorts of neat stuff is going on throughout -- great three part harmonies ( brian wilson style with a falsetto over the top ) catch the ear on `` dear madam barnum '' , `` wrapped in grey '' twists and turns every which way , `` war dance '' features an intriguing clarinet opening that leads into a set of reeds providing support for moulding 's venomous lyrics ... it goes on . in fact , with such detailed arrangements , everything 's guaranteed to be interesting in some regard , but what it lacks is that feeling of spontaneity and energy . one nice thing is that at least with this reissue and its remastered sound , you can make out the subtleties of the record nicely . bottom line , there 's a lot better by xtc -- `` nonsuch '' is an ok record , but they 've done a whole lot more
when prince decided to embrace r & b and eschew rock and roll in his original compositions , he became just another act , imho . his work from <NUM> up through sign o ' the times was nothing short of genius , but for some reason he decided to turn his attention away from groundbreaking , genre-busting work and concentrate more on being a run-of-the-mill r & b and funk revue - complete with dance troupe and annoying horn section . this is prince vegas-afied . he 's become a caricature of his former self . listen to his older stuff like `` ballad of dorothy parker '' or `` lady cab driver '' and compare it to the dreck he 's come out in the <NUM> 's . it 's like night and day . prince dances , sings , plays guitar ( underwhelmingly ) all over this dvd , but it just feels like prince has become a cheap , glitzy version of himself . and the `` jeebus '' stuff gets real ridiculous real quick as well . i 'd love to see prince just strip it down to a four or five piece band ( sans horns ) and get back to being about the music and not the spectacle . he could have been one of the great music stars in history , but he 's decided instead to just be another r & b revue ... shame , really . that said , the time comes to deliver the goods , and kicks his royal badness to the curb with great performances of `` jungle love '' and `` the bird '' . i 'd have rather seen them headline the dvd !
the book is worthless . it was extremely high level and should have been titled & quot ; configuring windows <NUM> server security for dummies & quot ; . this book is not for anyone with security or w2k experience .... move one and do n't waste your time or money
i 've always thought of diana krall as a sellout . i 've been told that she was not a singer by choice , that record execs saw dollar signs and `` encouraged '' this mediocre pianist to sing . they were lucky that krall has a nice voice quality and sings in tune , and can swing in a very middle of the road , <NUM> levels above white bread kind of way . but as a performer , she comes off as an emotionless robot . her overall delivery is a droning monotone . every song is performed the same way , in a husky , lilting , and ultimately boring as hell manner . since norah jones has effectively blown krall out of the water in terms of sales , what could they think of as a comeback ? how bout a christmas album ! nothing says sellout like christmas . and i actually like some of those songs , but to be honest , i 'd rather sit around and sing them with my friends than listen to krall sleepwalk through this set of traditional tunes . in fact , i 'd rather go christmas caroling in the gaza strip than listen to this unimaginative , boring , lifeless collection of performances . ok , maybe i 'm being too harsh . but once a tool , always a tool . krall is too much part of the machine , so if she did have an original idea , i doubt there would be anyone in the company that would let her try it . some the arrangements on this disc have nice orchestration , but overall sound very functional , commercial , and bland . which fit perfectly with krall 's bland delivery . even when she tries to emote on mel torme 's great composition `` the christmas song '' , it sounds disingenuine . i think of diana krall as a product . when a business school grad goes to work at a corporation , they come in with profit as their goal . so whatever product they want to market and sell to the american public , and hopefully the world market , they want to have the most widespread appeal possible . diana krall is the coca cola sugar water of music . sugary sweet , a buxom blond with very little nutrition or substance in her artistry . but the vast public wants a cd , i mean , product , that they can put on at a dinner party and basically talk over and say , `` we love jazz ! here 's our diana krall cd . '' diana 's pose on the front cover says it all . pretty and all dressed up but just lays there lifeless . it 's almost a pose of defeat . even sellouts have their limits
i consider myself a fairly well-read individual and as a 1st generation mexican american , i thought this would be an interesting book to read read . early on , it became abundantly clear what this book was about . it was garbage . the moral of the story is that if you want a better life , your s- outta luck . settle for what you have and do n't ask for more ! `` materialism is bad '' . is n't materialism and the right to complain what this country was built on ?
when i saw this in the library , i guess i was expecting another version of the nanny diaries , which was cute . this `` novel , '' however , was poorly written and jumped all over the place ; there were no smooth transitions at all . it was basically one big promo of her company -- any time she mentioned a `` horror story '' she was quick to add that it was n't one of her nannies . basically , i thought it was boring and that the writing style emulated that of the 3rd graders i teach . it took me about an hour to read , after which i thought , `` how did that get published ? '' if you want to read a nanny book , try the nanny diaries . this book is stupid .
yeah .... this cd bit . i bought chillout sessions <NUM> last year , and looked forward to buying this compilation as well . unfortunately , it did n't live up to the last one . out of the <NUM> or so tracks on the first cd , i liked 2-3 ... and they were all on other compilations i already own . the same was true for the second cd . this was not worth the money . i was very disappointed
yeeea boiii ! this music is hott g ! yo be sure to check out da res a ma bois on the scooby doo <NUM> soundtrack yall ! ! iz off da hook ! ! ! naa mean ! ? !
disney is a joke and this movie is a joke . i wish i could give it zero stars . why does disney keep instisting on taking these dark , disturbing tales , such as pocahontas , alladin and the huntchback of notre dame ( which , by the way is really notre dame of paris ) and making them into cutsey kids films ? and , oh , lets give it a happy wappy , cutesy wutesy ending . screw that ; this is a dark , sad and disturbing tale and that 's the way this story should be ! what the heck story is disney going to try to adapt as a children 's film next ? the scarlet letter ?
the author made a huge mistake with this one . it is so basic , meaning a lack of pictures and good graphics to lower its cost , that it ends up driving no point home at all . this book is a complete waste of time . the only plus is that it is one of the only true general virology textbooks out there
my main dispute with this cinderella romance between young sisters and the conveniently available rich bachelor 's from far away america -- it 's rated r. why did the director feel it necessary to tell what is essentially a chocolate-chomping girl 's heartbreak with nudity and graphic groping ? teens love their romance , boy-girl breakups , and crush 's . this media world of overt-sexuality and easy porn - come on -- - let the kids have their childhood . oh , how many young sis ' have coveted their older sister 's boyfriends . all of them ! and that sexual awakening thing is happening at breakneck speed , but in <NUM> percent of american girls - the actual event begins with marriage . in this film marriage is not portrayed as something folks do for love : the sisters want to marry up at any cost . is that a good lesson for teen gals ? perhaps i 'm not being fair on the philosophical side , but how about a believable story we can care about ? you wo n't find it in i capture the castle . you 'll instead discover your first yawn developing about ten minutes into the production as the eccentric wife does her nude scene , the eccentric writer does his prison scene , the girls do their not enough to eat in this romantic castle scene , and suddenly the guys show up like price charmings out of nowhere like we have n't seen that one before . i 'm sorry . i think i 'll take a nap .
yo this joint is wack . its a waste of time i do n't why i brought it . your best bet is to wait for lil weezee to drop his next album . he is cash money now . since juve has left maybe the rest of the hot boys should consider it too mickey and lac are just plain wack . mannie fresh has been surpassed by the likes of timberland , neptunes , track masters his beats just ca n't compete anymore . cash money should look into letting someone else do their tracks instead of mannie doing the whole album because he has lost his touch
<NUM> or <NUM> pages of nice graphs worth copying and keeping on your desk , otherwise really generic , should be kept for reading in the subwa
ten wanted men , as many of randolph scott 's other fifties westerns , suffers in comparison to the budd boetticher-directed westerns featuring scott . once again , as with some of the non-boetticher scott films , this movie has a great cast , interesting plot features , and lots of potential , but the payoff is not as great as it should be . scott plays a rancher who takes in a young mexican woman who is being relentlessly pursued by richard boone , who is a rancher coveting scott 's vast land holdings . scott 's generosity toward the woman gives boone the perfect excuse to start trouble , and he hires a gang of thugs , including leo gordon and lee van cleef , to terrorize and try to kill scott , scott 's brother , and scott 's nephew . boone , who is one of the alltime great western actors , seems out of place as a desperate cad who has to hire other men to do his dirty work . also , this film contains many elements of scott 's other movies , and rather than seeming fond and comfortable , they seem tired and warmed over . scott is scott , and that says a lot . he was often criticized for his perceived lack of acting ability , but there was a humanity and honesty about his characters that drew audiences to him then , and still works today , making him one of the most appealing american actors . but ten wanted men would have been better served by boetticher , raoul walsh , or another capable western director
this is too basic to be helpful . the author admits taking most of the training plans published from popular web sites where they are published . it spends sentences describing what other books spend chapters on . i recommend triathlon <NUM> for beginners/intermediates and the triathlete 's training bible for experts/intermediates . great pictures though ( reason i gave it two stars instead of only one ) ? ! ?
... then so is `` the rocky horror picture show '' . except that 's not entirely fair : `` rocky horror '' rocks harder
first part was `` sorta '' interesting . rest of book skimmed through - very boring . could have been a great read but certainly missed the mark by a mile . should have been a magazine article at best
i hate to condemn records i bought . mainly because it 's a confession that i 've wasted my money on bad art . & quot ; sail away & quot ; is bad , and could have been worse except for a few good songs : & quot ; last night i had a dream & quot ; , & quot ; simon smith .. & quot ; , & quot ; political science & quot ; , & quot ; memo to my son & quot ; , & amp ; & quot ; dayton ohio - <NUM> & quot ; . the rest are as near to awful as you can get . good lyricist ? i do n't think so . besides his awful attacks on touchy subjects , his phrasing is always typical , and his rhyming hardly goes as far as rhyming & quot ; me & quot ; with & quot ; be & quot ; . i already had & quot ; good old boys & quot ; ( decent ) , and the songs on & quot ; sail away & quot ; were practically ripped right off of the former album . the music is almost always unlively ( simple piano chords ) ; hardly the riveting stuff i usually listen to . this is a big scar in my music collection
this looks so hilarious ! how did you lose jessica simpson you dolt ? ! what a loser , now he 'll be relegated to the back of page six and then gone forever , way to use 'em and lose 'em simpson .
i really wish amazon would let you chose from negative numbers when it comes to rating stars . this movie is nothing but anti-gun propaganda . i have gotten up and walked out of better movies than this , but it was like watching a train wreck ... i just had to stay for the end . you know , for those of you who do n't know ... firearms save far more innocent lives than they take every year , and mine was one of them . this movie cd might make a good coaster , but beyond that it is trash . some less than truthful `` nra member '' ( yeah right ) wrote ... '' i really liked and enjoyed this movie . the acting was excellent and the plot twists and action kept my attention . it will keep yours too , just give it a chance . sure , it was a little bit slanted against the gun industry , but they deserve it and need to be more responsible . i may buy the dvd to watch it again , but am overwhelmed with the movies i have bought from amazon.com and not gotten around to watching . however , i may add this to my collection ! '' horse hockey . member of the nra ? more like member of the micheal moore fan club . this was the worst movie i have ever seen . they even had to lie to get you in the theater , as nothing was mentioned about it being anti-gun in the trailers ! and saying that it was `` a little bit slanted '' is like saying micheal moore is skinny and has never ate a cheeseburger or told a lie ! !
uncut magazine from england rated this <NUM> stars and dvd of the month . they also claimed the coen brothers paid tribute to it big lebowski . this was enough to make me shell out the bucks and buy it . imagine my dissapointment . the picture and sound quality were dire . too much contrast in the video and the sound had to be turned up super loud to follow the dialogue . the movie came across as just another viet vet/counter culture exploitation movie with a trite plot that hardly went anywhere and never engaged me or made me feel any suspense . dialogue was dated and cliched . i 'll never trust an uncut reviewer again . do n't waste your money on this one
first of all , i want to make clear that i think this is a phenomenal , 5-star album . this review is for the remastered edition of the cd only . if you already have the original cd release of this , hold on to it . that one has problems , but it at least sounds true to the original album . this remaster is an atrocity . the drums dominate the mix ( sorry cozy -- i do n't love you that much ) , while the vocals float in the background . worst of all , you have to strain to hear the guitar in many parts , with the synthesizer far more prominent . whoever remixed this is an idiot . evidently , they think that ritchie blackmore was the least important person in this band . i assume that most rainbow fans would disagree -- with no disrespect to the rest of this legendary lineup . rainbow rising is classic rock for people who enjoy guitar , not nu-metal for people who want to demo their subwoofers . it should have been mixed that way . beyond the sound of it , all these rainbow remastered re-issues are a rip-off in every other way , as well . no liner notes . no lyrics . no bonus tracks ( not even the inclusion of `` jealous lover '' with difficult to cure , which was on a cd single at the time of the album 's release ) . these re-issues are the worst i 've seen from any band . compare them to the deep purple anniversary remasters and it becomes obvious how much more could have been done with these . in my opinion , this is an insult to the diehard fans who are purchasing these releases for the third or fourth time ( lp , first cd release , japan import cd , and newly `` remastered '' version ) . if you do n't have this yet , you should buy any version you can find as quickly as possible , because you 've been missing out . but for anyone who already has a previous release of this cd , you should just save your money
i 've listened to this cd several times , and after reading the other reviews here , i just do n't hear what is so great about this music . this guy does not impress me whatsoever as a trumpet player . he does not really play the trumpet , he just toots some notes over some beats that some would consider `` funk '' . the only stand-out tracks here are `` on the one '' and `` family '' , and they are just mediocre at best . everything else here is just a couple of 2-minute `` snippets '' and some parliament-funkadelic-inspired pseudo-funk jams . this stuff sounds like this guy got bored one saturday afternoon and decided to go into his garage and make some noise with his kids . for some real trumpet and real contemporary jazz-funk , i recommend patches stewart and joey sommerville . check out their cd 's , you wo n't be disappointed
i did not expect much from this comedy , i just wanted to have a few laughs . i knew that many critics hated it and advised the viewers to stay away from it . well , they did not like `` meet the fockers '' , either but i had a great time watching it . they praised `` something 's got ta give '' to the high heavens but i wanted to kill somebody while suffering through so called `` one of the best comedies of the year '' . they universally agree that latest woody allen 's comedies suck - and i believe that they ( woody 's comedies not the critics ) are funny and enjoyable . plus , jane fonda came out of retirement to make `` monster-in-law '' , her first movie in <NUM> years . i saw a few weeks ago fonda 's `` barbarella '' , one of the silliest and campiest movies ever made and i liked it a lot , mostly due to fonda 's charm . i watched `` monster-in-law '' last night and i found it uninteresting , boring , and irritating . the worst quality - it is not funny . forget about laughs , i hardly smiled at all . i almost fell asleep - its <NUM> minutes seemed like eternity . every twist in so- called plot was predictable , every joke -stupid , the ending - sappy and mediocre . in one word , the movie was a mess with only one redeeming value - wanda sykes ( ruby ) as fonda 's personal assistant . both , j.lo and jf tried hard to do something with the material but it just did not work . in the perfect world , if woody allen had written the script and made the movie with three of them , fonda , lopes , and sykes - we could 've had if not a masterpiece but a wonderful and funny comedy . alas , we are not in the perfect world and this monster is not scary , it is just pathetic .
i bought this book on the recommendation of several people that i know pretty well , unfortunately , this book is filled with errors upon errors and is filled with a typical neo-confederate bias by the author . in fact , the book should be called `` how confederates saved america '' as he gives the credit for the peaceful return of the confederate armies to confederate generals such as lee , johnson and forrest , rather than on lincoln 's instructions to grant and sherman and generous terms known as the river queen doctrine , `` i want no one punished ; treat them liberally all around . we want those people to return to their allegieance to the united states and submit to the laws '' . his errors are numerous . he talks of the possibility of the confederates disbanding their armies and moving into the hills and waging a guerilla warfare against the us troops and sights examples of how successful this tactic has been throughout time and he includes in these examples the american revolution . he states that francis marion , thomas sumter and andrew pickens ( who all could be called partisans or guerilla fighters ) , but then he goes on to state that nathaniel greene was a guerilla fighter as well . now only someone completely ignorant of us army history could ever make such a statement . nathaniel greene served in the continental army and was the quartermaster general , he was in no way a guerilla , nor did he use guerilla tactics . he continues on that greene used guerilla tactics in battle at kings mountain and cowpens and guilford courthouse . besides the basic fact that greene was n't even at the battles of kings mountain and cowpens , neither one could be said to be guerilla attacks . at kings mountain , the american militia found patrick ferguson and his men well entrenched in defenses at the crest of the mountain and formed up and attacked the positions , hardly a guerilla tactic . cowpens was fought by daniel morgan and was a set piece battle where he destroyed tarleton 's legion . greene attacked cornwallis at guilford courthouse in another set piece battle and was winning until cornwallis took the extreme measure of firing canister directly into the center of the two massed armies , killing and wounding as many of his own men as he did americans . none of these battles were guerilla fighting and greene in no way can be called a guerilla . the author shows his neo-confederate bias most clearly by restating the apocryphal stories of rape , theft and outright murder by sherman 's troops during the savannah and carolina campaigns as matter of historical facts . he continually paints the federals in the worst of lights , while reserving his highest praise and most eloquent prose for the confederates . he incorrectly quotes sherman when he claims sherman said `` sherman himself explained that in his march , he inflicted an astonishing $ <NUM> million worth of damage , of which only $ <NUM> million was necessary , the rest being `` simply waste and destruction '' '' . he clearly is slanting his own words to convince people that sherman was in fact `` the devil '' as the neo-cons believe he is . unfortunately , what he claims sherman said has no relation to what he actually said . from the official records , vol <NUM> , page <NUM> ; in sherman 's report on his campaign to the war dept , he states `` i estimate the damage done to the state of georgia and its military resources at $ 100,000,000 ; at least , $ 20,000,000 of which has inured to our advantage , and the remainder is simple waste and destruction . '' sherman does not , as mr. winik claims state that only $ <NUM> million was necessary , what sherman said was that his army confiscated and used ( inured means to use ) $ <NUM> million worth of the property and destroyed the remaining $ <NUM> million of confederate civilian and private property that was going to be used against the armed forces of the united states . if you are a confederate `` lost causer '' then you will enjoy this novel , however , if you are looking for historical truth , then you should read a different book . william hal
this book got great reviews and was recommended to me by someone whose taste i trust , but i 've got to say , i just do n't understand its appeal . it starts out as mildly intriguing , and some of the scenes with the unwed mothers in the first section are evocative , but the lovably twinkly and clairvoyant old nun is just too saccharine to bear , and the narrator of the middle section , salt-of-the-earth gardener son , is not only too good to be true , he 's also deathly boring -- a dull-witted drone . i 've read bel canto and the patron saint of liars only confirms my belief that ann patchett 's novels are overrated .
this is the first jane austen 's novel that was poorly done into a movie . i could never imagine that bbc would did such a bad job . all the casts are so bad , the screenplay , my god , is so bad that it would take a great deal of patience to watch along and stay in a sitting position . all the casts are so bad , none of them are likable unless you are just like one of them . what a terrible directing and acting . the screenplay , my god , is so bad , i just do n't want to get into the details ... stay away from this deadbeat and do n't waste your lifetime in this pathetic movie , see other versions
that which is original in this program is biased and untrue . that which is true is not original . this piece of environmental and liberal hyperventilation steals liberally from true scholarship , such as `` rats , lice , and history '' by hans zinsser . it makes obvious observations in such a self congratulatory style as to be nauseating . diamond 's on camera mugging and fake shows of emotion are hideous . national geographic has sunk to new lows to screen this
this book is long and boring account of an intelligence officer who served as director of mossad . i was expecting inside details of mossad operations instead author details how he personally contributed to some major breakthroughs in middle east peace process . the account of details is ridden with narcissism and vanity . all in all not a good read
while the content of the exercise program is good , the production quality is abysmal . the sound swithces from normal to very echoing , dim and `` under-water '' sounding every third sentence . the visuals flicker , and alternate from color to black and white . the filming is very unsteady , as if the cameraperson is just a beginner . i contacted the company and they sounded very unconcerned about these problems ! because of this , i am reluctant to purchase another living arts-gaiam product
this almost seemed like a silent film . it was just so terrible and boring that i finally just shut it off not wanting to waste any more time . worthles
this is one of the worst , not to mention most downright annoying albums to come out in recent memory . anyone who claims to like this overrated insult to underground music is just trying to sound cool , and failing miserably . in fact , i 'll go out on a limb here and say that anyone who says they like this album has n't even heard the damn thing , and probably just saw it on a pitchfork list somewhere - and if pitchfork says it 's good , it must be good , right ? wrong . this album sucks . it 's sad to see people so desperate for indie cred ( which , i hate to break it to you , is n't that cool either ) that they degrade themselves by publicly admitting they enjoy this album . however , i would recommend this album to anyone who enjoys hearing steve albini ramble on like a douche , with mediocore music being played in the background . everyone else , save yourself the trouble and the $ <NUM>
the power of marketing behind mrs. souza is incredible ! her previous album , brazilian duos , was listed among the best jazz albums of <NUM> by new york times - a critic , mr. ben ratliff , had received an advance cd copy and included the album on his list , although the album only would be officially released in april <NUM> ... strange ? well , the next year the same mr. ratliff , in the same ny times , included the same cd in his best jazz albums of <NUM> list ... then , & quot ; brazilian duos & quot ; got a grammy nomination in march <NUM> ... and now , in a few days , this horrible & quot ; north and south & quot ; cd will receive a grammy nomination for best jazz vocal album ... no more comments
that this book is receiving one star , given the title of my review , should surprise no one . look , say what you will ; i am a classically trained , analytic , anglophone philosopher with a penchant for clarity and rigor . that is where i stand . if you are looking for a text which purports to be theoretical , and yet is obviously densely literary and aphoristic , perhaps i do n't understand what you 're on about , and perhaps you do n't either . this book is neither clear nor rigorous . where it does n't mutate truly elementary understandings of science ( not to say that either deleuze understands what the difference between science and pseudoscience is ) , psychology , and economics to suit its incoherent purposes , it avoids any understanding whatsoever . the philosophical work contained herein is non-starting . that is , it is not philosophy , as it is neither argumentative , interpretive , nor logical . there are no discernible conclusions ( which is not to say that there are none in this pig latin dog 's dinner , but they probably are n't deduced from premisses ) where there is anything like 'argument ' at all . to say that i 'm missing the point , you 'd first have to show that such work can have a point . that it violates hard-won conventions of philosophical discourse , which are taken as primitive ( i ca n't tell you how many times the law of excluded middle was violated ) , is not a victory for this work . it is a setback . that it has not been translated into english , but rather some retarded cousin of english , is perhaps partly to blame for my lack of understanding . i tend only to be able to read natural languages . but then , again , perhaps my rhizomatic foreshortening ( to wit : to shorten is also to lengthen ) is in part quasiculpable ( that is , retrodogmatically ) as a blamematic ( viz . contraposto ) which tends inter alia to produce ( and re-produce , as malreaux reads sartre in referential milieus of darwinian technologies of traffic control ) my congnitive disfunctionabilities . i recommend the work of w.v.o . quine if you 're looking for a 'philosophy of our time , ' as one reviewer suggested we must
clearly the tens of millions of fouls who read this racist [ ... ] fail to see it for exactly what is ; an endorsement of ethnic cleansing . if the tables were turned and a jew , or a muslim wrote a series in which anyone who disagreed with judaism , or islam was brutally murdered than the same fundamentalists idiots who take such disgusting pleasure out of this garbage would go simply ape s * * t. i do not know what is more pathetic the fact that there are actually fundamentalist lunatics out there who write this truly unforgivable racist garbage , or the large number of dimwits out who eagerly wait to throw their money away on each installment of hateful filth ! !
i do n't like to brag , but i 'd like to think that i 'm a pretty good judge of movies and whether they 're good or not . i was n't expecting a blockbuster of a movie , or anything , but my goodness , this movie was awful ! one could ask themselves , `` what 's wrong with this movie ? '' but the answer itself is the very broad question , `` what is n't ? '' ashley judd plays strong , sexy women very well , but she does not convince me when she plays a character whom is heart-broken and borderline desperate . not only is judd 's character not believable , the actual plot pertaining to men behaving like cows who need many `` places '' to plant their seeds is just stupid . there are about a million and a half romantic comedies that are better than this , and i recommend all of them wholeheartedly over this joke of a film . watch a walk to remember instead . although not the best movie ever , it 's a heck of alot better than this drivel
if you 're a buckethead lover this is not the place to go - the dj'ing is ok but buck 's contribution is minimal - better to get one of the giant robot cd 's or some praxi
rob zombie has lost a few steps when it comes to good music . there are only two or three tracks on here worth listening to . at least he 's making good movies . i guess he spread himself too thin
this movie creeped me out and not in a good way . johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross . maybe it 's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face . could they have picked a more horrible look for ww ? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a <NUM> $ wig and <NUM> $ clown makup on him ! i love tim burton 's other movies but this one sucked bigtime ! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from . this movie is childish if you 're an adult and pales compared to the original . if you 're a kid it 's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking `` auntie zoe , what does that mean ? '' when are screenwriters going to figure it out ? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie ! ! ! it 's really hard to do both in the same film . it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids , they end up appealing to nobody ! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version . i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing . it 's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters . the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones . the only reason i gave it <NUM> stars instead of <NUM> is because i love depp and burton , if you are not a fan of either , do n't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo !
this book was disappointing because it was billed as a raw cookbook and it is not raw . get juliano 's `` raw '' and `` rawsome '' by bridgette mars and `` green for life '' by victoria botenko instead
generations of sad dingbats have stood on mountains waiting for some all-important 'end time ' , and when the predicted dates come and go , is anyone dissuaded ? of course not . they just re-interpret the same old ambiguities and come up with another date . `` no , really , this time we know we 've got it right . '' because books like this exploit the terminally self-centred , who want it all to be about 'me ' . `` i '' will be there when it all happens . it 's all for `` my '' generation . it 's all focused on `` me '' . lahaye and jenkins clearly capitalise on these feelings , as have generations before them . nobody ever went broke overestimating the gullibility of the human race
the rating is for the dvd , not the movie ( i 'd give the movie ten stars if i could ) . on my widescreen tv ( sony bravia <NUM> '' lcd ) , to watch this movie with the correct aspect ration , i have to watch it in full frame mode , which puts black bars not only on the left and right of the screen but , since this is a 'widescreen ' dvd , there are black bars on the top and bottom as well . apparently , when this dvd was released , you could just throw black bars on the top and bottom of the picture and call something 'widescreen . ' next year is the 20th anniversary of the movie 's release , hopefully they have an update planned
first they cast a black man as an undercover agent in the wild west where he would never be able to help as they would never let him in most places . remember this was before political correctiness or civil rights . then they turn one of the best villins on t.v . into a racist man missing most of his body . then they add state of the art f/x and think they have a great movie . it 's pure trash and gets one star because you ca n't give no stars . a waste and you should see the t.v . show if you want to see this concept really work well . just not good at all , a mess
i saw this movie and was shocked at the contents , considering that it was aimed at children . it starts out with the gypsy esmeralda doing a very provocative stripper style pole dance . while no stripping happened , there was n't much other difference in the style of dance . later in the movie , one of the men is obsessing over her in a manner i would never want my children to see . he sings a song about how she will burn in hell if he does n't have her , and meanwhile a vision of her provocative dancing is playing out in the flames of a fire . regardless of the rest of the movie , these two scenes make this highly innapropriate for children . not to mention that the story is very untrue to the novel , which had a tragic ending rather than a happy ever after one .
well lets be real here there are two really catchy songs and they stand out.do n't let me be the one & amp ; of course one of the baddest and rarest bass jams from the <NUM> 's i ca n't wait.cuz the synths took over at will and sadly the music has n't recovered
i 'm a huge fan of electronic dance music and anything to do with this genre ; i 've been to both the huge acts and the underground parties . this movie had good intensions , but the way it came together is a little lame . i recommend one beautiful day if you like coming of age movies to do with electronic movies .
just because you start doing neil young inspired music does n't make it mature or creative . i too miss speedy marie . maybe i 'm just old
i could n't read the whole thing in order to know for sure . it was dry . i did n't get the imagery - i know it 's supposed to be a classic , and i really wanted to read the book , i did - but it was long and boring and i just do n't get why it 's so `` classicly popular '' . sorry , but it 's how i feel . now , that being said , i read a condensed version of it , and i discovered the story was a little bit interesting - but that 's as far as i can go , even with the condensed version - it was only `` a little bit '' interesting
the blu-ray disc is supposed to have <NUM> times more memory than standard dvd . so why ca n't they release all the special features ( and more if possible ) that the standard dvd has ? i do n't know if it 's a product , copyright , or money issue , but this has n't yet happened on hd dvd . the standard dvd of this movie has full-length audio commentary , <NUM> minutes of extended fight sequences with optional commentary , a behind-the-scenes documentary , a storyboard-to-film comparison , and a sneak peek at the making of the second `` transporter . '' none of that is on this blu-ray . so if you 're a real movie buff and like special features , get the standard dvd of this movie
karen rose became an auto-buy for me after i read her latest , you ca n't hide , then bought i 'm watching you . those two are the most enjoyable romantic suspense books i 've read in a long time . rose made me enjoy a serial killer story - something that had become passe for me over the last few years . i ca n't give have you seen her the same accolades . first , steven thatcher is a wimp , his whining and hanging on to his baggage made him the most unattractive man i 've come across in a romance . that he was the hero truly made this book lose a few stars . special agent , neil , deserved the girl , not thatcher , and jenna should have stuck to her conclusion that thatcher would always be suspicious of any man who so much as spoke to her . i just could n't see how jenna could have her hea with a man like that . each time steven went into his childish knee-jerk reaction , i was willing jenna to forget the guy and look at neil instead . i was also disappointed over how dumb the police were not to guess who the real killer was . all i can say is that i 'm so glad i did n't read this book first when i decided to try karen rose . it would have put me off completely and i 'd have missed the not-to-be-missed books of the two reagan brothers
gray is so far off the target when it comes to nutrition and exercise.he says women might gain weight from exercise ? didn't he ever hear about if you burn more calories than you take in you 'll lose weight ? simple math gray ! everything about this book smacks of sell , sell , sell ! snail oil salesmanship.when will he realize people have different needs bssed on individuality rather than gender.no one has any business making the blanket statements he makes , it 's irresponsible . another very corny statement is women get good brain chemistry from affection and cuddling , while men get good brain chemistry from sex.how much longer is society going to promote these myths ? bad advice , irresposible and plain corny
i share the dismay of other reviewers about the unconscionable decision on disney 's part to release , in <NUM> , the wonderful hayley mills movies in fullscreen format instead of in their original aspect ratio , and in slapdash form in general . i have eagerly awaited the dvd release of this film , the moonspinners and that darn cat , and am bitterly disappointed . what a waste ! i encourage all fans of these films to visit http : //disneyvideos.disney.go.com/ and complain to them directly , as i have
chomsky is nothing more than a liberal propaganda artist . his views that the stalinist military defeated nazi germany is proof of his leanings . he is the left wing rush limbaugh of written media
a lot of the performances are horrid , some of the arrangements are insipid . there ended up being about <NUM> tunes and songs here that were of interest -- and over <NUM> that i 'll never listen to again . in many ways , it 's a beautifully packaged vanity project of limited interest musically .
this is one of the worst compilations of 'acoustic ' or 'remixed ' music i have ever spent money on . i am a huge fan of the first compilation , metal mania : stripped . it did * not * have a `` volume <NUM> , the ballads '' on the cd jacket . this disc 's addition of that title , and the retro renaming of the first , was obviously a plan by the marketing types who saw the success of the first album and simply wanted to make more money . the songs are simply really , really bad versions of the originals . the scorpions ( one of my all time favorite bands ) seem more interested in having the audience or their female r & b back up singers perform the song than to sing it themselves . the remnants of ratt , warrant , and cinderella should be embarassed for doing what they 've done to their few memorable songs . a few of the tracks are decent , but overall i find this extremely poorly thought out . i would suggest you make an effort to hear as much of this album as you can before you spend money on it ; i am so dissapointed that i am not going to be purchasing another alubm for some time without real fear that it might be as poorly done as this one
i saw the bill moyer 's pbs series on huston smith . i was very impressed . i bought the world 's religions by huston smith and was blown away . fantastic summaries of the <NUM> great world religions and a chapter on the lesser religions . i 've had the question nagging at the back of my mind for a while , `` does religion really matter ? '' so , when coming across why religion matters i knew i had to read it . i did n't read the whole book . i fell just short of <NUM> pages before giving up . the book was n't getting to the point . it just kept bashing science and scientism , over and over . this is a dreadful book
not nearly up to the standards of their first cd . includes too many sophomoric teenage love songs
the movies and stories are classic westerns , the quality is horrible , these are not remastered . it looks like they found the oldest copy of the film and transfered it to dvd . if i did n't like the actual movies , i would not buy knowing the quality
overacted . boring . horrible movie . the only likable character was cat .
first , i 'd like to correct one of the other reviewers , who said that snitch 'd is about a `` latino cop '' who goes undercover as a high school student . actually , the cop ( played by writer/director james cahill ) looks asian but is supposed to be white . he 's certainly not supposed to be latino . we know this because one of the students calls him a spanish name , and cahill 's character has to ask a fellow student what he was called . `` white boy , '' she replies . also , i do n't think the movie is set in east l.a . the credits say it was shot in santa ana , a heavily latino city in the middle of orange county , which is just south of los angeles county . yes , the movie is inept and unrealistic . many of the actors playing these high school students look well into their twenties . the guns look like toys . sound like it too . when they 're dropped or tossed aside , you can hear the hollow plastic clatter on the floor . yet this movie is entertaining , in a weirdly `` what were they thinking , '' endearing sort of way . star-writer-director cahill smirks his way through much of the film , like he 's trying to play a suave james bond type . you look at him and think , this inept , non-charismatic asian-playing-a-white-guy actually imagines he 's the next rambo/tough guy/action hero . especially funny is his pursed lips and staring eyes when he sneaks around the house with his gun in `` action hero '' fashion . cahill is morbidly funny ! and yes , his `` martial arts '' is as inept as the film 's toy guns . he grabs a guy 's head and repeatedly `` slams '' it against a desk in what 's supposed to be a quick `` jack-hammer '' fashion ... only it 's slow , and the victim 's head clearly is n't making contact with the table . the victim seems to just go along with having his head banged against the desk , because director cahill told him to . also funny is when cahill uses martial arts to defeat some eight gun-totting ganstas , partly with the aid of ping-pong paddles . one `` actress , '' when she 's acting `` sad '' and telling cahill about her recently deceased friend , seems to be actually smiling . this film is probably being seen only because its female lead , eva longoria , has become famous on desperate housewives , although she is n't much better in this film than the rest of the cast . some , but not much . then again , it must have been hard for the twentysomething longoria to play a high school student swept off her feet by cahill , or mouth his script 's cliche-ridden relationship dialogue . their `` flirting '' in the library is another very funny moment ! they 're supposed to be teenagers , yet their relationship dialogue sounds written for adults , who in turn got their lines from bad romantic comedies . i said this film is endearing . i have a soft spot for amateurs who buy a camcorder and think they can make a hollywood style feature . although i think this was shot on super-8 or 16mm film . that 's because you can hear a camera whirring in some of the shots . and there 's a soft , shot-on-film-then-blown-up look . so although this film is inept enough to merit only one star , i 'm giving it another one for unintentional humor , longoria eye candy , and the effort of getting it finished
over the years ( decades actually ) , peter eisenman 's `` terragni '' took on something of the urban myth , an elusive , unpublished work , supposedly of great genius . draft copies were jealously hoarded by a few insiders adding to the myth . now , after <NUM> years , it appears in print , no longer only the stuff of legend , but an actuality exposed to real scrutiny . frankly , the wait has not been worth it . exhaustively drafted from every conceivable projection and angle , the images of the building are accompanied by a text ( a ` critical text ' , the author repeatedly informs us ) , that pushes the limits only of the ridiculous . for example : the plan of the casa del fascio , eisenman `` discovers '' , is a square , or rather , almost a square . in order to satisfy eisenman 's supposition , the true square , it seems , is realized only when particular window is opened fully to the <NUM> degree position , thereby implying a volumetric extension of the building , which then completes the so-called purity of the geometry . the fact that other windows on other sides of the building might also be opened at the same time thereby undermining the purported geometrical purity , does not seemed to have occurred to the author so blinded is he by the supposed brilliance of this , the most pretentious of studies . numerous equally untenable speculations flesh out the remainder of this overwrought , but ultimately fruitless examination . terragni 's classical parti is studiously avoided by the author who is largely ignorant of the precepts that underlie this , the most basic formal arrangement that terragni carried through his design . eisenman stretches similar guesswork beyond the point of irritation as though insulting the intelligence of his readers is one of the underlying purposes of this book . in the architectural industry , asinine speculation , masquerading as theory or as philosophical inquiry , are now the norm . this particular book has been billed as peter eisenman 's `` eagerly awaited magnum opus '' . certainly the casa del fascio is deserving of study . however , if perchance `` giuseppe terragni : transformations , decompositions , critiques '' does achieve long-lasting fame , it can only be for becoming the late 20th century 's high water mark of architectural pretentiousness and unbounded historical ignorance . [ one star for the drawings ; zero stars for the text . ]
i laughed a few times in this movie but was more annoyed then anything .. i was left with a horrible feeling in me after the movie was over .. if i wanted a downer of a ending i could just go out and watch the the different [ ... ] that happens in the world .... i waited for a long time to rent this movie , now i wish i never had rented this movie because my money i spent will go to support movies like this .... what a waste of time .... bbbboooooooo ! ! ! ! ! all the hype was built up into a bowl of [ ... ] ....
buena vista ( the company that releases disney films on dvd ) chose to not release anamorphic dvds when they first came to dvd , so none of these films are anamorphically enhanced . this means , if you have a widescreen television , you will have black bars on all four sides of the picture . also , these discs are absolutely barebones , only featuring a dolby 2.0 soundtrack and a 1.85:1 widescreen presentation . where are the extras ? ! i do n't know about you guys , but i am a mighty duck fan who is disappointed by the dvd release of this film
this book is about a writer who splits up with his long-term boyfriend , becomes depressed , and then becomes friends with a young boy ( i think <NUM> ? <NUM> ? i do n't remember ) over the phone who was abused and used in a kiddy porn ring by his parents before escaping only to learn he had aids and writing a book on it . except as the book goes on , it becomes questionable whether the kid actually exists . all well and good , but what really makes the book stand out is n't the storyline . noooo . it 's the slashy overtones where there really really squickily should n't be any ! i should not get the idea that this abused kid is this middle-aged author 's fantasy . no , no , no . i felt dirty after reading this . i felt even more dirty after finding out via wikipedia that the author based it on a real life experience of it . this is a scary scary man , and makes me want a long long bath .
i must say , this is n't the best of ralph bakshi . i bet the soundtrack would be worth more then the movie . there is some great songs , however there is no plot , there is no reasoning , and there is no action . like always , great animation by bakshi , but i know for sure the bakshi 's team could had really done better . <NUM> stars for the music , <NUM> stars for the film . i was n't upset for spending the <NUM> dollars
i am pro-neal schon . i own many of his solo efforts and every journey album to date . however , i honestly ca n't understand why everyone is rating this album with <NUM> stars . it simply does not meet the mark on this one . none of the tracks have a theme that will 'grab ' you . these are n't songs that will stick in your head . saying that this album is 'neal exploring his melodic side ' is pretty inaccurate . if want to hear neal 's 'melodic side , ' by `` beyond the thunder .... '' one of his best to date . these tracks are him basically exploring his improvisational side and jamming to a drum machine . even live drum tracks by a great drummer such as omar hakim sound as if they are programmed . i was disappointed on this one . neal is an exceptional guitarist .... one of the best in the world . he just did n't hit the mark on this one .
cut and dry .. iowa 's cousin rick black is by far the leader with us deer hunters and how we cook our harvest . i got a copy of <NUM> venison recipes from my uncle . i asked him why he was tossing it out ? his reply ? `` heck boy , i got the deer burger cookbook and the venison cookbook by cousin rick black '' ! yepper ! like everyone else . `` we will stick with rick '' and his deer burger cookbook and bag em and tag em
this is one of my all-time favorite movies , but i was very disappointed with the dvd version . in the middle of the movie , you will have to get up , go to your dvd player , and flip the dvd over to the second side to see the rest of the movie . i do n't know what bozo came up with that idea , but it defeats the purpose of relaxing and enjoying a good movie . who wants to get up and flip the dvd over in the middle of the suspense ? this format takes stupidity to the next level . i would highly recommend the vhs since i have it and it 's wonderful . i would not recommend the dvd until they do a better version . the packaging is in paper and not durable at all , another truly bad idea . dvd 's should be in plastic cases , not paper
these other reviewers are kidding you . there are significant problems with this dvd . <NUM> . the audio on this dvd is horrible . it sounds like they are talking and singing through a tube . i could have done better in my garage . <NUM> . the tracks are : all the singing and stories in english , or the same program in mandarin . there is no teaching whatsoever . i realize there are not many dvd 's for teaching children mandarin , however there are a few better than this
this book is hilarious , evidently written toungue-in-cheek . it is also at least to some extent fictitious , regarding her personal experiences , so perhaps it is best read as such . one example of this is that she states her fourth husband `` bill '' 'has no children of his own ' . this is untrue . he has three children he adopted and then chose to walk out on . perhaps ms. nettleton was unaware of this fact at the time her book went to print . that would , however , not really speak well to her doing due diligence on her suitors before marrying them
my <NUM> month old son loves the baby einstein series . they 've been the only movies to hold his attention . the sounds and music get his attention , the shapes and colors hold it . that said , this movie never got or held his attention . there are no interesting sounds or music . the voices are very monotone . while i understand the intention of this video , if you do n't catch the attention of the child , what 's the worth in it ? the pictures on the screen do not corrolate well with what is being said . i also believe that there is value in learning not only foreign languages , but foreign cultures . if i knew what was being said when nursery rhymes or poems are recited , i could repeat them in english as an additional learning tool . all around , this move was disappointing
to try and re create nwa with the west coast best is a good idea but it cant be done . the sound of nwa was so raw loud and straight ghetto that this remake serves as a sorry re mak
maybe i expect too much from an old wurlitzer but i do n't remember the snare drums being so distorted in real life as they are on this cd . almost like there was some kind of a frequency clipper on the microphone ( s ) or maybe they were in the wrong place and were overloaded . whatever the reason i think this cd needs to be remastered ( or something ) to fix this problem before it can be truly enjoyable . i note also a similar comment about the volume ii cd
this ablum mad me loose a lot of respect for this band . dont bull this . get some of there earlier stuff
this is an album just full of bubble-gum pop songs . if you actually hear music , do n't buy this . and her little shrill in go on and cry is horrible . better luck next time . if there is a next time
i really wanted to like this movie because i think the duff sisters are cute and actually have some potential . this movie has nothing about it to offer additional points to that train of thought . hilary and hayley are two spoiled brats who lose all their money , then get it back -- an obvious parody of the ditzola factor the hilton sisters live for real . about as painful , stupid and empty as my date with the president 's daughter ( ugh ! ) , the only redeeming thing about this vapid little teen chick flick is anjelica houston . for good teen flicks that are thoroughly enjoyable , i highly recommend <NUM> things i hate about you and the old 80s classic hit , john hughes ' sixteen candles . where this movie is concerned , i would n't recommend it to your dog 's fleas .
this is a minstrel show . period point blank . these guys set black people back <NUM> years . look at them in `` black face '' on the cover of their album . they look like al jolsen twins . then the music they make is insulting to every race color and creed . any music that makes you feel dumber when you listen to it should be banned . i 'm calling my alderman now to start the movement . lol
brief plot summary : two low life hoods kidnap a pregnant surrogate mother . her baby 's `` father '' ( sort of ) turns out to be a mob boss ( or has mob connections ) , said mob boss whistles up his goons , they go after the hoods , and then a lot of people die . if you like watching characters for whom you care nothing about get slaughtered in bloody gun fights , this film is for you . you do n't have to worry about a plot or being required to use your brain , just sit back and watch the mayhem . speaking for myself , the first <NUM> minutes of guttermouth verbal abuse directed at del torro and his pal by the woman he ended up punching out was more than enough for me , but unfortunately , the friends i was with wanted to see the whole thing , and i had to sit through the whole thing to the very bloody end . so , in summary , way of the gun is just a pulp fiction wannabe put together by some quentin tarrantino wannabe and you could do a lot better for an evening 's home viewing . if gritty violence is what you like , and feasable plots are optional , narc with jason patrick ( one of hollywood 's better stars and one of the least appreciated ) and ray liotta is a far more masterful piece of film than the sophmoric way of the gun
when i bought this i was looking forward to the blending of the flute and the harp . i have wind songs and some hilary stagg and other harp music in my collection . this cd dissapointed me . the flute is much louder than the harp and when i turned up the volume to hear the harp the flute became too shrill for my ears . my second letdown is that there is no passion or emotion in the performance . it sounds like some musicians playing sheet music for money . the musicians are very good technically , but they are performing music that they did not choose or compose and their lack of emotional commitment seems evident . michael hoppe wrote the music but he does not perform on any of the songs . the liner notes say that this is music to play in the background while having diner . maybe that is what it is intended for , it 's just not what i was looking for
i like about <NUM> or <NUM> songs on here . i hate to sound negative but what i do not like about this cd is that , jo'omeara sounds very pitchy in most of the songs ... her voice starts to sound flat and very monotone after <NUM> or <NUM> songs . she does'nt have much range . she just raises her voice . her voice sounds shakey and unstable . especially on `` relentless '' the very first track . i love the song , i really do but her voice sounds like any minute shes gon na break down and cry . i am not a great singer myself but , jo omeara needs some voice lessons . her voice is very drab and boring . it 's nothing extra . for some reason she sounded so much better with s club <NUM> ... you know what , the songs on the album are great , if kelly clarkson or jessica simpson sang them . i listen to the songs and just imagine `` what if ... '' ... it gets me through the songs i like
man you cant even make out most of the song make 's you think your cd player is bugging and needs to be cleaned or 86/junked man tv-guide need to watch were they put there logo over they might have someone in the parking lot looking for there money back with smile on there face but not the kind you want to see on someone unless your crazy also and want to hang out and hit the pipe with them and bug out together ! ! ! ! ! !
the first <NUM> or so pages are just awful . john keegan argues that war is not the continuation of politics rather the result of cultural drives . that may well have been so in historical times , but is hardly so today . he unfortunately tries to explain aggression and violence from a biochemical perspective and is not only dated , he 's flat wrong . there 's other problems with his knowledge , i.e. , claiming the u.s . abandoned the draft after ww ii and did n't use it again until the <NUM> 's . wrong again ! what is interesting is that keegan 's very views are so much a continuation of british political thinking . not a great book at all
a beautifully shot movie plagued by a terrible script and bad acting . russell crowe should n't try the hugh grant shtick ! the movie had all kinds of potential as a story but it falls back into hollywood 's story template mire . hollywood wo n't take any chances , it has a few plot lines that it uses over and over . hollywood believes that audiences are too stupid to think for themselves so they put out movies with few surprises , are totally predictable and feature characters that you have seen before . you know how this story is going to unfold within the first <NUM> minutes . the only reason to watch this movie was for the cinematography and albert finney 's performance . he commands your attention , fills the screen with his acting . a superb performance . many have said it is the new `` french kiss '' . though the story lines are similar , the direction and character development in `` french kiss '' was much better . kevin kline 's acting and character development were excellent . if you want to see this genre done really well , watch the film `` mostly martha '' directed and written by sandra nettelbeck . no , it 's not about martha stewart . `` a good year '' would have been a much better film in her hands
supposed former infatuation junkie is one of the most eccentric albums to have been released in the <NUM> 's . nobody can dismiss it as a complete failure because it genuinely does have its moments . but then of course there are songs like `` front row '' or `` one '' ( to name just a few ) that are shamelessly self-indulgent and should never have been released to the commercial public . the problem with alanis , is that she has never been able to leave some things to a listener 's imagination . what helped `` jagged little pill '' become one of the ten best-selling albums of all time in the united states is that the lyrics were personal , but generic enough to still spark the fascination of listeners . in the case of `` supposed former , '' the lyrics are painstakingly overwritten well beyond the point of gratuitousness and rather than follow a coherent format , they meander . this sort of no-holds-barred lyrical approach suits certain songs -- '' baba , '' `` thank u , '' `` the couch , '' and `` so pure '' at least adhere their obscure lyrics to a structured melody . if all art is valid , then everyone should have a painting hanging up in the louvre , but the sign of a true artist is one who can temper their artistic integrity in a manner that engages others . `` jagged little pill '' was a catchy , poignant , emotive masterpiece that struck a nerve with tens of millions of people . `` supposed former , '' on the other hand , is far too self-involved and should have remained in the pages of alanis ' diary ; where such clumsy , wordy , overreaching attempts at poetry belong . unfortunately , this killed whatever momentum `` jagged little pill '' had created and permanently closed the door on alanis for tens of millions of fans
after seeing match point , which i loved , i figured i had to see scoop . all i can say is `` oh my gawd ! '' scoop is perhaps the worst movie i 've ever seen . woody allen really should stay out of his own movies . and the rest of it , the story , acting , editing etc , were just painful to watch . i ca n't believe he went from match point to this dribble
basically ... kenny wayne is one of the worst excuses for a blues guitarist ive ever seen . i mean sure hes got a little speed but he 's pathetic in comparison to pretty much any other guitarist out there ! seriously he ca n't even solo over chord changes ! i 've heard him compared to the likes over srv . whoever thinks that is plain deaf . if you want some real hard hittin blues guitar .. go listen to stevie ray , freddie king , albert collins or johnny winter . i feel bad for any music fan who wastes their money on this cd
this is easily one of the worst written , worst researched , and worst argued books i have ever read . in fact it is so bad it is laughable . i do not agree with their views but this has nothing to do with this review . turn to the epilogue and read this statement : `` for example , all prophecy scholars agree that the generation that saw israel restored to her land in <NUM> could well be the `` generation [ that ] will certainly not pass away until all these things have happened '' ( matthew 24:32-34 , niv ) . '' no one , not even lahaye can actually believe that statement . you ca n't get <NUM> people to agree on what to have for lunch , how in the world will you ever get people to agree on something as controversial as the interpretation of bible prophecy . other things that had me in stitches was when they said that a past scholar believed there would be <NUM> years between the rapture and the tribulation . they then go on to state that they are pretty sure he would change his mind if he were alive today . that may be true but why even bring it up . if that makes it in your book you surely must not have much to say . do n't waste your time , money , or effort on this book . i had never read any left behind or other lahaye prophecy books . from the outside in it sure seemed like it was a cash cow with little substance . this absolutely proved to me that my assumption is probably true . * * * * a side note * * * * for those commenting on reviews by partial preterists , you really have no idea what you are talking about . i understand the futurist view . i was taught it my whole life and in bible college . i have read books about it including this piece of drivel . the least you can do is read something by demar or gentry and learn what you are arguing against instead of making assumptions . what has been written so far in the reviews really makes you look like you have no idea what you are talking about
i love porcupine tree , marillion , blackfield ...... but i find nothing illuminating about this album . i want my money back . this is very average at best . you should buy something else
i 've seen this several times over the years and still ca n't make sense of why it 's such a favorite . the acting is subpar , the drama cheesy and in my opinion as an active duty sailor , fails quite miserably to capture the true spirit of being in the navy . to think that lunatic tom cruise practically built a career off of this garbage ... sigh ..
considered by many who should know ( e.g. , e. m. forester ) to be woolf 's most brilliant work of genius , the waves is a challenging book to read for many reasons , not the least of which is the style she has adopted . more like an extended greek chorus than anything else , the six characters , whose `` voices '' sound identical to one another , speak their life stories in short , alternating monologues . although the writing is very poetic , it is also very dense and very distancing . we never really warm up to any of the characters or get involved in their stories . i had to read this book for a class and , though i 'm glad i made it through to the end , it was difficult going and i know i never would have finished it ( or even gotten through ten pages of it ) if i had n't had the carrot of a grade hanging over it . we had to read the whole thing in a week which is really not a good way to tackle this book . best read in small segments , leisurely , absorbing each moment woolf choses to highlight . definitely not a plane or beach book ! if you have n't read woolf before , this is not the book to start with . mrs. dalloway is , in my opinion , the best and most accessible of woolf 's experimental fictions and a good starting place for access into this great 20th century author 's works . then , if your brave , move onto `` to the lighthouse '' and then , shudder , `` the waves .
twenty years ago , michael jackson was recognizably human , and although he was already considered to be slightly eccentric , he was the most beloved pop star on the planet . and this album , even though it seemed harmless enough at the time , marks the point where things started to fall apart for him . the infamous pepsi lite commercial shoot where he was seriously burned was part of an ad campaign coordinated with this album 's release . it was the last album made by the jacksons/ jackson <NUM> , and the only one ( so far ) with all six brothers on it . the album was rather hastily put together to fill a contractual obligation . michael contributes a couple of songs : the truly horrifying ballad `` be not always '' and the danceable `` state of shock . '' `` state of shock '' was a collaboration with mick jagger , and it is now best remembered as the finale of the live aid concerts in the summer of <NUM> . mick did it as a duet with tina turner ( and their wardrobe reveals went much better than justin timberlake 's and janet jackson 's did at the <NUM> super bowl . ) and i think i have digressed , but that 's ok because the other songs on the album are all done by the ( then ) less famous and ( now ) less notorious jackson brothers . these are assorted mid-1980s r & b pop numbers , nothing memorably good , nothing memorably bad . the most enjoyable song , `` body '' features the most obscure jackson brother , marlon , and also features an enjoyably moronic chorus which goes , `` girl i love your body , so wo n't you come home with me ! '' or words to that effect .
jessica simpson is through being famous for her `` talent '' and is now known primarily for her sex appeal and stupidity . when she started out years ago in the music business , she had a pretty good singing voice . now she 's filled up her cd 's with bubble-gum lyrics and a breathy , whispery , off-key voice . where other artists have grown in their musical talent , jessica appears to have stayed the same , and maybe even gone downhill . i do n't feel that this cd is worth the price .
i read the first <NUM> pages of this snorer and could n't continue . nothing happens ! why would i consider reading on ? what 's the first rule of writing a compelling novel ? grab the reader on the first page ! this book never did . i 'm not sure how people can rave about the great writing - it just is n't there
even though originally titled , `` andy warhol 's dracula '' , this film had very little to do with andy warhol . udo kier plays a count visitng italy to satisfy his `` special diet '' , i.e . `` virgin blood . '' though the royal family 's daughters seem promising , joe dellesandro ( who uses the andy warhol style of `` non acting '' ) is busy making them ineligible for the count 's requirements . the count 's reaction to non virgin blood ( in repeat scenes ) has to be among the grossest scenes in film , next to the end of pink flamingos . other than that , the movie wanders , the dialogue is dull , the political conflicts unnecesary ( remember this was the <NUM> 's ) and parts of it are closer to soft core porn or badly acted costume drama than horror . though not as amazingly awful as `` sins of the fleshapoids '' or ed wood ( who has a certain charm ) blood for dracula will leave you scratching your head one moment and then turning it away from the screen the next
most radio shows will just play best of for free ( btw howard stern invented the `` best of show `` ) .. to think he is selling it is very bill o'rielly . sellen crap to their audience taking advantage of their popular views to make a buck ... vomit , puke
this seems to be a converted thesis to book , not the worst job but certainly without much effort . i 'm not surprised its not in stock .
i got these cds based on some reviews , but i can not take the singing . there are far too many little kids singing , and the adults are no better . it is way too gimmicky . if you want just traditional songs sung nicely , this is not the set for you ! i am going to copy the songs i like and make my own cd - i think there are maybe <NUM> songs per cd i 'll use ! bad
this book is incredibly boring and tedious to read . it has no plot ; i fell asleep every time i tried to read it . it is n't realistic , as some attest , becuase the indians have the ability to talk to animals . remarkably , their dreams are always perfectly accurate prophecies ; james welch takes foreshadowing a little too far . a final warning : this book is not appropriate for younger readers due to excessive descriptions of sexual desires and acts , including adultery and incest
that one day <NUM> year olds will be able to actually read this book . this book is not meant for kids aged 4-8 . it is well beyond what they understand . frankly , i do n't even think a <NUM> year old can even read this . nice pictures . but unfortunately , i do n't enjoy buying a book for pictures . i can get pictures anywhere . i did n't need to purchase this book to get them . anyway , do n't buy this book unless you enjoy paying a high price for pictures . with regards to the age group . unless you have a gifted <NUM> year old this book is a waste of time for him/her
i am a fan of modest mouse at least most of there stuff i did n't like long drive loved moon and antartic and thought lonesome crowded west was good this one however has only one good song to offer the fruit that ate itself is a great song well worth downloading better than any song on long drive or lonesome crowded west but the rest of the cd is garbage so save your money and download that one song
this band claiming to be hopesfall is not ! there is only one original member left , they should of changed their name with the release of atypes , no question . atypes is a disgrace to the people who grew up with hopesfall in nc ! i would have respected them if they changed their band name
i saw this movie on on demand and i would have to say it is the worst slasher film i had ever seen . the characters are really bad in this movie . the killer is a boney <NUM> <NUM> ' <NUM> girl . the way she kills people is so weak . she beat a guy up with a large stick but it looks so weak . it does not even look like it would hurt you . and he some how dies . the movie also made it seem like she kills only bad guys bad guys but she kills everyone . most of them did nothing . do n't know why the director seem to hint that she kills only the bad . and it is not even scary at all . it takes place for the most part in the day time . and the killer is the main character making no suspense at all . i would recommend to everyone to aviod this movie at all cost . it is so stupid . i really do n't see what the priase the other reveiws gave is all about . all i can say is it is utter trash ! ! ! !
this just furthers my argument even more . just because an album is more than <NUM> years old by a `` legendary '' group doesn'tmean that it 's good or even a classic . this is classh * * at its finest . i actually owned this album at one point when i was young and stupid . but i was n't that stupid cause i got rid of it quick . you mean to tell me this album is derived from true creativity from ones heart . lyrics that mean somethin . thats what hip hop is all about and this is not a hip hop album . there is nothin creative about this album at all . its a dance album for freaks . now if you lookin at this from that point of view , then i guess this is a <NUM> star album . but for someone to call this a hip hop classic you have no idea what a hip hop classic is . you just do n't . damn can the state of hip hop be so f * * * ed up when anything by <NUM> live crew can be considered worth owning , let alone being called a classic ? if you give this <NUM> stars , then trash garbage rappers the likes of chingy , nelly , trina , khia , camron , dfb , d4l . then your the biggest hypocrite typing reviews on amazon . <NUM> live crew in my opinion , lyrically is in the top <NUM> of the worst rappers in history . and they are just as one dimensional as your most hated rapper . if you do n't believe me just scope out all their album covers and song titles . and ask yourself can you really call these bums artist . seriously i cant get it through my head why somebody over the age of <NUM> would actually by this s * * * . i just cant
i have seen these guys twice , once opening for six feet under , and the other for strapping young lad . and god almighty both times i wanted to bash my head in concrete to keep from hearing these guys . overall these guys suck even the heavy parts and the melodic parts will put you to sleep . stop trying to be unearth and opeth and make good music like they do ..
what 's wrong with bhg ? besides everything ? is it possible for them to write more than one good song in their pathetic lives ? my sister burned this cd from a friend , most likely because she likes the bad touch song , and i 've been the one having to hear it in the morning when she 's getting ready for school . it 's pathetic . i do n't know how much i can stress the word `` pathetic '' , but it 's the only way to fully describe it . out of <NUM> tracks , there 's one , count it , one good song , `` the inevitable return of the great white dope '' , because it 's nothing like their other songs . everything else on this album is just like `` fire water burn '' , `` the bad touch '' , `` hell yeah '' , you get the picture . palm-muted , droning , songs with extremely explicit lyrics , which is the only reason people will remember them . is n't it about time to come out of the 13-16 year old stage ? having lyrics about sex wo n't get you any . bands like blink-182 , sum <NUM> , and system of a down have funny songs , but they have their limits . about the `` music '' : <NUM> ) palm-muting does n't make a song good . i get it . you can palm-mute . so can most people who play guitar or bass . <NUM> ) make your music more diverse and varied , or at least change your patterns . elastica 's self-titled album has 4-chord patterns , except they play faster , and the songs are n't much longer than two and a half minutes long ( not that i 'm comparing bhg to elastica ) . <NUM> ) do what you do `` best '' , and do n't try metal . `` magna cum nada '' is bhg 's horrible attempt to make something metal-ish . stop . the problem with bloodhound gang is that they just wo n't die . people like them somehow , and so they feel compelled to squeeze out more and more crap that gets worse and worse as it progresses , not saying that they were ever good . why do n't we go through the songs and rate them , shall we ? <NUM> . i hope you die : see track <NUM> <NUM> . the inevitable return of the great white dope : best song by bhg , but still not great . <NUM> . mama 's boy : see track <NUM> <NUM> . three point one four : see track <NUM> <NUM> . mope : see track <NUM> <NUM> . yummy down on this : see track <NUM> catch my drift yet ? i do n't think i can fully show my displeasure with words . `` <NUM> star , because <NUM> is not an option '' is exactly correct . people , if you actually want bloodhound gang , copy it from someone . maybe if they see their record sales go down , they 'll actually think about quitting . p.s . track <NUM> is called `` this is stupid .
if it was n't for the fact that i listened to the audio book version during my daily commute to work , i probably would have abandoned this book halfway through . the end is confusing , and i 'm left wanting more , not in a good way
as much as i loved the movie , i was very disappointed in the cd . i thought this was suppose to be a soundtrack . it is not ! the french songs in the movie were lovely , this version is not what i expected
this is really irritating ! this show ( at least in the early years ) is as good as any show ever was ! the fact that the studio is too cheap to pay for the rights to the music is ridiculous ! to add insult to injury the picture and sound are bargain basement quality ! i think everyone who bought this or any other show that has been altered should return the shows for a full refund . let the cheapskate studio eat the loss instead of making the fans digest this sh * *
there is nothing remotely heavy and/or musical about this band . every song uses the same three powerchords , the same drum lines , the same taking-a-dump vocal histrionics , the same lyrics of no substance and one subject . do yourselves a favor and find something actually artistically worthy of the intelligent mind , and do n't be fooled into thinking that this is heavy in any non-primitive way
somewhat dull and unsatisfying , like some other `` literary '' works i 've read which do n't hole my interest , do n't resolve problems , swimming endlessly in the inner thoughts of a person with no action or only references to previous actions . i enjoyed his 'they came like swallows ' because it was very satisfying , but this is too `` literary '' for me in the sense that it appears to be more about the writer 's writing ability than the actual story .
maybe the <NUM> script was edgy and groundbreaking , but i doubt it . since vanilla ice was in and out of the cultural eye <NUM> years before the spec script and <NUM> years before this movie , the concept of white kids trying to act black in the most ugly ghetto stereotypes is just not all that new . i went to high school with kids like this and i 've bought the eminem cd . and there 's a little more to them than the stupidity . but let 's discuss the movie . anne hathaway plays a dumb girl who thinks that acts ghetto in her gated community and urges her boyfriend to go buy drugs in east l.a . ( ? ? ) . seeing her boyfriend beat down , she 's eager to return and find that hot latino dude that did the beating . then she goes to parties , gets into even more trouble and starts losing her jerry springer-inspired ghetto talk . the mexican guy keeps trying to tell her that there 's more to his life than selling crack on the street corner , but well he 's doing a lot of selling crack on the street corner . actually , he 's coming off like a gangsta yoda ready to impart life lessons at the drop of a hat . yes , it 's ironic that she 's trying to dress ghetto while he 's trying ( not very hard ) to dress suburban ( wife beater is suburban ? ) the movie 's climax is a scene in which anne and bijou ask the guys if they can join their `` crew '' and if the gang did n't have a sex gang initiation for women before they asked , they sure have it then ( and really , who does n't know that that 's gang initiation standard - started by the hell 's angels in <NUM> ) . after that disaster ( both anne and bijous say no - but bijou takes a little more time saying no ) the movie unravels as anne hathaway discovers her inner white girl and her friends act even more stupid . there 's a neat scene between her and bijou philips toward the end that almost makes me like these people , but it 's one of the few points of truth in an otherwise dumb movie . the one thing this movie does is to make me appreciate dj squalls ' character from hustle & flow ( and hustle & flow in and of itself ) since that 's a white character in a black world that does n't fall into either extreme of wigger or doogie howser . he 's just himself whereever he goes . he 's someone the morons of this movie could learn from ( but really would n't you rather just see them all shot dead ?
this record is not robben ford at his best , uninspired playing and singing and the lyrics are really at a low level , not a good record at all .
i mean , come on . a blind golfer ? i thought it was an intruiging premise , too , until i tried to hit balls with my eyes closed . i 'm a 2-handicapper , and i was completely hapless . so forgive me if my suspension of disbelief came crashing down . that said , cullen writes a pleasant , if completely farfetched tale , with likeable characters . however , i thought the best parts of the book had nothing to do with golf . the subplot involving the mentally ill father was actually more interesting , believable and touching , and the best part of the book was a short bit about allegheny men and their pickup trucks .
i had avoided this for sometime but finally relented so i could see a young diane lane . she is the only redeeming part of this rather silly movie , not even product placment clips of paul newman and robert redford make it bearable . hideous accents abound and way to many sexual references i.e . statues in the louvre , porno flick to make it really innocent . olivier is really pretty awful , he must have been really hard up for money to support joan plowright and the kids . broderick crawford playing himself is even worse . where did they come up with this cast ? so rent henry v or rebecca for olivier ; all the kings men for crawford ; long hot summer for newman ; the great gatsby or butch cassidy for redford and just say no to a little romance .
i usually dont add my two cents to highly reviewed music but in this fickle world you are only as good as your last album , and since we usually have to wait half a decade for you to spit out another this makes it worse . ive seen sade often in concerts and she has always had a great sound . this album is more pop . if it ai n't broke do n't fix it
dumb movie with some funny moments , a pot head would definitely appreciate this flic
i purchased this as it said it was enhanced with music ; it is not enhanced with music , just ocean surf sounds
this cd sucks ! nobody can sing ! andrea mccardle is a horrible annie . reid shelton is the worst daddy warbucks ever . bert healy sucks too . i hate this cd . please do n't buy this , i'ts horrible ! it 's a humiliation to the musical annie ! i 'm <NUM> , and i grew up with aileen quinn as annie . alicia morton is the best annie . if you want a good annie cd , buy the television soundtrack to annie . everybody on this cd sucks
i did n't watch millenium when it was on ten years ago , so i thought i 'd give it a try on dvd , as i 'm a big x-files fan . i watched two shows : `` the beginning and the end '' and `` the dogs '' . they were ridiculous and boring . i 'm done with millenium
arrrrgggghhh ! this was the worst geto boys offering i have heard to date ! obviously scarface was n't enough to save this & quot ; album & quot ; . why was n't bushwick in on this one ? most of the songs were performed by willie-d and i 'm sorry but willie-d ca n't rap ! there is n't one single song on this album that i would refer to anyone ! this gb product deserves to be put in the trash . i 'm a true geto boys fan and i say to other gb fans out there : do n't buy this album ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what a disappointmet ! what i was hoping would be a useful tourbook full of interesting facts about world bathing cultures and history turned out to be a lurid expose of brue 's downward moral spiral -- her characters would be mortified to read passages that recount how she was `` not supposed to tell '' , how she rationalizes her infidelity ( poor , poor charles -- let 's hope you stopped paying the bills and rent and moved out ) . her superior attitude is unearned and unwarranted -- what gives this 27-year-old the right to lord herself over those with more experience and aptitude ? another reviewer compared brue 's writing to bill bryson . i have news for you -- bryson has a sense of wit and humor as he vivisects cultural ( and human ) anomalies . brue is just plain cruel and mean -- where 's the fun in that ( for the reader ) . shame on the editorial staff at bloomsbury for buying into a good concept ( it was a good concept ) and letting it go to seed . brue 's experiences are best left to the diary . instead of elevating bathing studies into the pop limelight , she sends it to the red-light district where she is infinitely more comfortable . and the net result -- she , her readers , and her contacts all suffer from bad research and bad writing in this self-serving piece of trash best left on the beach , buried and unread
i do n't understand why they did n't include the <NUM> extra john peel sessions that appeared on the original uk cd
so close , and yet so far . i have been watching swamp fox since i was a kid . unfortunately , one horrible night , i accidently hit the record button when the tape my dad had it on was in the vcr . we lost <NUM> and a half epidodes ! ! ! ! ! ! maybe <NUM> and a half , but all the same , i have always grieved the loss . anyhow , my little bro saw this in the store and started dancing . much to my dismay , however , when i investigate it , i find not only not all the episodes , but they are out of order ! ! ! ! ! ! ! how could this happen ? as for elfego ... he is great too . my dad also had him on recordings , and we watched him all the time . so this was a doubly pleasant surprise .... until i read the details . only <NUM> bloomin episodes ? ? ? ? ? you have got to be kidding me ! ! and they are out of order as well . disney , you were so close to getting $ <NUM> of my money , and you just lost it ...
while i purchased the cd for the title song , i was a little disappointed in the rest of the cd . i guess i did n't know the group 's repertoire as well as i thought
i do not like parker 's style at all . i ca n't really say anything else . it is all in the way you format a song , and i just do n't like parker
jet lee was dorky in this film , and the cholos he was teaching were just as bad . this film was made in a desperate attempt to relaunch his career in america . after seeing the light , jet returned to hong kong and completed the historical once upon a time in china series . the rest is history
this reissue could have been so much more . firstly , the versions of several of these songs are markedly different from the original album , especially `` i 've tried everything . '' if they wanted to remix these songs , they should have just used them as bonus tracks ! and the original album artwork is not here ( the back shot of david stewart is missing ) , as are the lyrics . and finally ... these bonus tracks suck ! ! ! they should have definately included the dance mix of <NUM> again , which , here in the u.s. , was the only hit version of that song ! ! ! what a drag .
a very cheap quick ripoff of a commercial success of gremlins . the kid below me is to stupid to know what good films are . take the pacifier out of your mouth and change your diapers , mommas boy
long time fan , but did n't get much out of this one . stories were cute . did n't finish it , not worth more time
entertaining but not in the same league as star trek , the new battlestar galactica , buffy , or roswell . never explained why every alien they meet speaks english , especially as language barriers were important in the original movie . some of the acting is wooden , especially teal ' c and carter . however , jackson , o'neil and hammond are well-acted characters . the plot lines do not bear a lot of scrutiny
i recall this movie fondly -- unfortunately , the dvd quality is so poor , this can not be watched . pity amazon does not allow negative stars the their ratings . do n't waste your time until someone cleans this up . but it makes a nice coaster , though
i bought this book for myself , expecting to find some useful advice to help me organize my day a little better and to stay focused on priorities . i have been in management for <NUM> years and i expected this book to offer some new insights into time management and other daily challenges . unfortunately , i was very disappointed and struggled to find some useful advice within the first half and have since put it down . the book seems to target a junior audience with a certain type of personality that is more focused on fitting in and accommodating others , rather than those focused on leadership and results . the book itself feels really cheap . i is printed on that cheap news-print paper like those crossword puzzle books .
i bought a copy of this book and it is forcing me to give greater attention to an arguably important part of handicapping , therefore , it might be worth the money . while klein 's percentage of winners and return-on-investment calculations are adequate for the leaders at the first call , they are without merit for those that do not lead because he dumps both categories in together . this statistical error causes a disparity , but it only `` seems '' that the roi between leaders and non-leaders looks larger . but , sheesh , there is only one leader but several non-leaders . using basic math , if the win percentage for leaders in a certain category is <NUM> % then the win percentage for non-leaders is <NUM> % . using steve 's calculation method , in an 8-horse race you would bet $ <NUM> on the leader and $ <NUM> ( the `` non-leaders '' times <NUM> ) on the non-leaders . even if a non-leader won there would still be six losers among the non-leaders so the `` win percentage '' is just <NUM> percent . unless the winner pays off at more than 6-1 odds it 's a negative return-on-investment ! in my opinion , look to other handicapping books for a better return on investment
final destination <NUM> is hopefully the final installment to this series . they have all been entertaining , gory , and clever but the charm has finally worn off for me personally . the acting has never been first rate , horror movies rarely offer oscar worthy performances . the formula has always been followed , someone gets a vision saves others from a terrible fate than one by one they all hand in their `` get out of death `` free card to the grim reaper . the main characters must figure out the order of death , and maybe cheat it making it skip and therefore end the cycle completely . by this third movie , it seemed to me the kill scenes were just getting a bit forced and completely unbelievable even for a supernatural causation . the tanning beds , the nail gun , the motor chopping off heads , and the exercise equipment were just off from the first two movies genius . the extra feature where you can decide their fate with your remote was a waste of time , i do n't understand even putting it on there unless they really had changed some of the fates ( besides the one dude with the stupid hat , which when saved just disappears and it makes no sense ) i have read other reviews on here , and i have to agree with whomever pointed out that the pictures before the rollercoaster should n't have showed their grim fates , if they all were supposed to die on the ride , did death know she would save them ? if so than that changes everything , its not really cheating death than is it ? oh well , anyway , watch this if you have some free time , and if you liked the first two , its an okay , hopefully the end to this played out series .
proof a hot chick with a decent voice can destroy a synth-pop hit from a better era of music . though it 's really the sound of the music that is lacking in gwen 's version , so i ca n't blame her for the disaster . the original still rules
apart from some reasonable songs ( one wish - track <NUM> , war is over track <NUM> ) , i really did n't feel like this album was all there . to be honest i have n't really taken the time to listen to most of the tracks & in hindsight i would n't have bought this cd . his talent is clear but a little more tweaking at the studio may be warranted !
around the turn of the century , record companies began to released one disc compilations that attempted to take artists with a ton of output and try to make an <NUM> minute attempt to capture the essentials . needless to say , all of these attempts have failed . great songs were overlooked , and instead of giving a quality overview of the band , one got instead the feeling of being ripped off . the cure 's greatest hits falls victim to the one disc overview . a greatet hit album serves two purposes . one is to collect the best for fans who may desire to have many of their favorites on one album . the second is to provide new-comers to the band an overview of their career . the problem with the cure is that they have released over <NUM> singles , and no single disc set can truly capture the best of their work . for instance , how does a cure best of ignore `` pictures of you '' ? it would be akin to a billy joel best of leaving off `` the stranger '' . this song is considered one of the cure 's best , and leaving this off for stuff like `` the walk '' , `` high '' , and `` never enough '' is an insult . while `` pictures of you '' is the biggest example of a song that is missing , there are plenty of other songs of lesser impact that still should have been on there . for instance , the sublime `` catch '' , the melancholy `` a night like this '' , or even `` jumping someone else 's train . '' and what about their break-out single , `` killing an arab '' ? the problem with this album is that it attempts to provide an overview of the cure but instead only barely touches the surface . leave this one on the cd racks and spend the extra money to get staring at the sea and galore
i made fun of my best friend so badly when he bought it . honestly , i gave it a chance . we opened it and listened to it for the first time together . but halfway through the worst remix ever crafted by man , it was clear , that i would be making fun of him for his poor purchasing decision , for months to come . this is the worst remix every created . it is long and drawn out and has no merit or quality to it . do n't fool yourself into buying something you will never listen to and will hide from your friends
i have seen julia ormond in some good movies and she is a great actress . this is not one of them . senseless subject . the audio is bad , or the language is not what i am used with , so i understood only half of what they said in the movie . stay away from this one
but i do n't understand why after reading this book . i saw flashes of koontz as a contender with this story , but in the end the book limped along on half-drawn characters and stilted dialogue . koontz came up with a grand slam premise , and it was the strength of the premise that dragged me across the finish line . without that i 'm not so sure i would 've made it . the characters are n't all badly drawn , but none of them really feel complete . the dialogue is at times atrocious , at others simply frigid . as a case in point , i have not forgotten -- nor will i ever forget -- the preposterousness with which one of the characters described the monster in detail as he 's being eaten . i almost took off my running shoes at that point . almost . koontz can write well when he puts his mind to it . but phantoms proves too stiff and underdeveloped to truly showcase his talent . pick up intensity instead
she obviously has little or no interest in the irritating blonde woman who keeps telling her no . boring movie . look ! koko knows when someone is taking her picture ! so does my pet chihuahua
i was very excited to own this album knowing that this was a jazztronica album from one of the ecm masters . after struggling to listen to this album several times i have to say molvaer would do better to stick to the more straight ahead , or perhaps find another producer for such outings . the electronic textures and ambience are fine , and the playing is nothing less than you would expect . really it 's just the beats that make this album unlistenable to me . extremely cheesy and extremely cliche . my friend commented to me that it reminds him of a <NUM> 's movie soundtrack . i think that 's about right . molvaer is a great player , but he 's a bit out of touch with some of the genres he was hoping to capture on this record . for jazztronica i would go with dave douglas ' `` freak in '' or the aforementioned e.s.t
just look how many are for sale , thats got to be a clue on how horrible this film is . it has so much nudity and bad language it was disgusting . i fastforwarded about <NUM> % of the movie ! and what got me was on the back it says `` family-friendly '' im still laughing about that ! what has this world come to ? i would never let my kids watch it let alone anyone ! even my husband was disgusted and wanted me to write this review so some poor person does n't buy or rent this movie . im embarassed that i rented it ! please turn away now
if you have never heard mecano before , do not buy this one . the new songs are garbage at best . and even as a greatest hits collection , this fails . buy all of the albums except this one . the best albums to buy for a new listener are & quot ; entre el cielo y suelo & quot ; and & quot ; descanso dominical & quot ; . this features <NUM> new tracks , <NUM> remake , and <NUM> of the classics ( but they left off several of their all time greatest like & quot ; cuervas de esa chica & quot ; y & quot ; laika & quot ; y & quot ; el cine & quot ; ) . i give it <NUM> stars because i have so much respect for the work they 've done in the past . but this was a really lame production
god forbid i be so bold as to trash a classic . and yes , maybe because of all the raving reviews from my friends and from the book 's great reputation , i entered it with high expectations . - which the book however did not satisfy . yes , it is a good comedic parody of the upper class of the time , a lampoon of the courtship ritual , and of course oh so witty , blah blah blah , but it just was n't my cup of tea . the main character was likeable , but that aside , i found it completely insufferable to read through , and absolutely painfully boring . every subsequent event from the very beginning could be predicted , let alone the ending . not that anything really ever happens - the entire book could be summed up with , `` then they walked and talked and had tea and walked and talked and had tea , walked and talked and had more tea , then got married and lived happily ever after . '' the entire novel was a headache of girly gossip and mental drama . it would save more time just to watch a chick flick . so if you 're interested in the relationship fiascos of fictious characters , witnessing the agony over who 's going to marry who ( even though the reader could already predict the happily-ever-after match-making light-years in advance ) , then this is the book for you ! ! if not , then i suggest picking up some dan brown .
i bought this for my scifi class . we read bram stoker and the reward was supposed to be this film . it was like giving kids liver for dinner then rewarding them with canned spinach . everyone was so disappointed . i kept waiting for it to get better and it never did . the history of the film with the lawsuits is really interesting and the clips you 've seen are wonderfully scary with brilliant make-up . the problem is that there is a month 's worth of boring between the good stuff . fast forward or the students who expect cgi will fall asleep if they stay in class that long . bela lugosi is a much better bet . for a silent , metropolis is much more compelling even to those cg fans
i could n't finish this book and i 'm not sure if the problem is in the writing or in the editing . at times the author seems to take these great leaps based on one or two anecdotes from his life and it is just not convincing . there are some interesting details here and there but for me , it was just too rambling and all over the map .
i am a great fan of bernstein 's `` candide '' . i saw the <NUM> production twice . my wife saw it three times -- she took a friend once . this dvd should have been an excellent performance . lupone and chenowith after all , but the dvd copy i have has such abysmal sound that any enjoyment of the performance is near impossible . muddy , echoing , not really even a clear visual image . i assumed it was a really bad recording job . is it just that i have a bad dvd copy ?
i 'll admit it ; i never was much of a pretty ricky fan , especially after listening to bluestars . i mean , i like sex as much as the next guy , but that seemed to be all these guys ever talked about -- and it did n't help that they have very , very below-average rapping skills ( and pleasure 's singing is pretty okay ) . and this trend continues on late night special . now , i wo n't say that nobody likes pretty ricky ; after all , this album did debut at # <NUM> on the billboard <NUM> . but i have to say that this is another one of those cases where i looked at the other reviews and now i 'm asking , `` did we all listen to the same album ? '' and aside from all the usual sexual talk , the guys still rely on dated rhymes , like `` let me do you after school like some homework '' ( `` leave it all up to you '' ) , `` you got me feenin ' like jodeci '' ( `` love like honey '' ) , and , once again , `` if i 'm lyin ' , i 'm flyin ' '' ( the title track ) . as was the case with the first album , the guys are n't very impressive when they do n't talk about sex either , mainly because considering the way they normally rap ( lyrics and style ) , it 's kind of hard to then take them seriously ( especially slick ) . this is evident on `` stay '' ( but pleasure 's singing is pretty god-awful on that song too ) and the necessary song about clubbing , `` push it baby '' . and `` so confused '' is aptly titled because the chorus is about being in love with a girl who 's taken , but then the verses contain their usual dirty talk . this album also contains a pretty statutory song , the aforementioned `` leave it all up to you '' . but in the long run , maybe that is n't horrible because teenage girls are probably the only people that 'll pick up this album . like i said before , i have nothing against sex , but if that 's all you talk about and you 're wack , then it 's really a turnoff . i 'm going to have to pass on this late night special and see what else is on the menu . anthony ruper
i have listened to a bunch of dean koontz books . while listening to the second one i saw so many similarities , which really turned me off . and this flaw continued which each book i listen to , which caused me to be reluctant to buy this book . however , most of the stories were pretty good so i stuck with him . this is not the case with this book . `` cold fire '' is absolutely horrible . i so regret purchasing this book . it is so bad that i have decided to swear off dean for looooooooong while . just on a side note , `` the bad place '' is the first dk book i read and it was very entertaining .
how many pages should a writer fill to explain that a character is afraid of forks , knives and mirrors ? two ? well koontz takes over a hundred , and repeats , repeats , repeats . <NUM> pages should have been cut from this book . repetition weakens writing
i was very disappointed with this film . the premise was really intriguing , with elvis switching places with an elvis impersonator who as we all know goes on to die at graceland leaving the real elvis to scratch out a living as - what else - an elvis `` impersonator . '' and now , at the end of the king 's life , he 's a semi-invalid in a nursing home being attacked by a killer zombie mummy . since it 's texas , the mummy has a more than passing resemblance to stevie ray vaughn . and oh , yeah , jfk is also in this nursing home , having inexplicably been transformed into ozzie davis . how can you miss with a setup like this ? well , for starters by assuming the premise is so funny there 's no real need to provide any additional comedy . the movie is flat , with very little humor . as other reviewers have noted , it moves at a glacial pace , even allowing for the protagonists being 80-somethings who do n't move like they used to . sure , the acting is several notches above the norm for a low budget film , but there 's no point in making a comdey that is n't funny . nice try , but booooooooooring . not at all recommended .
i was exposed to this book in what i think is the most unfortunate way possible , it was read to my child in her public school kindergarten class . i was stunned and emotional when she came home and told me her teacher told her that a candy cane was a j for jesus , and that the red stripes were his blood , and if she loved jesus the white would wash it away . my child is five years old , and was disturbed by the whole thing . this book has no part of the christmas story in it , and the tasteless metaphor of it is impossible for a young child to understand . the illustration is graphic and also not age appropriate . the only good that has come from this absurd destruction of an innocent holiday treat is that now i am even more communicative and vigilant about my child 's education and exposure , even in the school i trust with my child 's life and well-being
lots of data , but the story to tell seems to have never been found . the findings are really not that interesting
like other uses have pointed out , the music are not conducted by john williams nor performed by the london symphony orchestra , and they do not sound the same with the music from the movies . you are still getting a nice collection of music , but for the real john willims music , you got ta buy the original soundtracks . these products just do n't measure up to the authenticity of the glorious works by john williams
james patterson created a great character in alex cross and i have faithfully followed the series even though the last several have disapponted me . the plot and character development have become weaker with each book . yet i kept buying the books , even knowing that patterson is more of a franchise that an author . in cross patterson has alex wonder why his daughter wants to read the same book over and over . when i read that line i realized that patterson is making fun of his readers . that 's it for me . i 'll not buy another
the professional edition appears to be missing any information on at least <NUM> new photoshop cs2 features ; smart sharpening and reduce noise . it has sections on sharpening and noise but does not cover the new cs2 commands . i have not been through the whole book but this situation took me by surprise
maybe i loved the original one too much , but this version of the story did not work for me . i especially was dissapointed in the music and the oompa loompas . stick with the first one . it was perfect
i disagree with all others who reviewed this album . this album is somewhat decent for its time ( '94 ) but overall , the beats are garbage . i think eiht really stepped up his game when he came out with death threatz . the beats on that album are great and i give that album <NUM> stars
i tried to like this book , but by page <NUM> , i had to put it down . the main charachter , helen , is a self-absorbed tramp and an unfit mother . she kisses people on a whim . she flirts and sleeps with anyone in town . she talks about how much she misses her daughter , who is away at camp , but i do n't believe that she thinks of anyone by herself . she drops the f-bomb casually , as if that were speech becoming of a lady ... which she is not . the plot is absurd . that she could be as callous and crude as she is represented to be and as popular as she is also purported to be , is impossible . this character is lewd , obstinant , selfish , childish , and impetuous . do not pick this book up unless you admire loose women who are horrible mothers . disgusting , and not a very funny book , either
first the sound quality is poor - i had my stereo turned almost up to max and it was just loud enuf to hear . then there are the uncredited/unlisted `` bonus tracks '' - they are comercials/radio ads for ike & tina . the version of `` river deep , mountain high '' is not the phil spector version .
i was given three months to read this book , and each time i picked it up i threw it down in disgust . between the none-stop johnny appleseed referances to the collegian 's guide to growing pot , it is amazing i got through it . i am convinced he was once a columbian drug lord
very disapointed -not really a book on true memphis bbq buyers beware --
a dvd i ordered arrived in a case with cling wrap cellotaped an no dvd in it.not impressed at all
searching through the amazon firm dvd 's , lo and behold ! new ones ! i was very excited to get this . once the dvd arrived , i rushed to play it . it started with a `` boogie/hip hop '' kind of warm-up .... and kind of stayed there . it just lacked any intensity . now , there was some latin dancing , some disco dancing , and a boogie/hip hop cool down , but nothing to break a sweat with . i would recommend this for someone who is just beginning to work out , or someone out of shape.i was really disappointed , because it was hosted by allie delrio , in my humble opinion the best of the best . her smile was wonderful , following her was easy , but it just lacked that firm energy . plus , the workout cast had only allie and allison . the other folks were people never before seen in firm videos . one lady in the back even did these mini-dip twist things with her knees over her toe box ! ( a huge no-no ) recently , goodtimes video , the company who used to own the firm , was just purchased by gaiam ( the folks behind am/pm yoga ) . if this is what they are doing to the firm , i am going to stick with the old ones i got . i sure hope not-as the owner of <NUM> firm workouts , i am used to quality and excellence with the firm
i wish i came here first before allowing my <NUM> yr old daughter to save and buy this movie , we own the original ( non 3d version ) and she knew the 3d version was the same movie but was excited about the 3d aspect and the commercial rums every <NUM> mins here so she asked if she could get it . we made a chore chart and started saving and mom and dad pitched in half , ( at least we had some learning involved with the chore chart ) , finally got up the money to go buy the 3d version , got home turned off lights put on glasses even made popcorn , mom dad daughter , then we realized bibble pops on and says take glasses off after a few mins of intro 3d ? <NUM> mins goes by no 3d then you are told put glasses on again etc , overall this movie contains about 10-15 mins total of 3d and most of it not in parts you would even want to see 3d action ... needless to say having already bought the first release , even knowing this would be the same movie but buying it for the 3d feature , it falls short bigtime due to the lack of 3d in the movie . buy the original it 's better , and it is a good movie ! just having kids take off the 3d glasses 5+ times per showing ( expecting them to hold them i guess ? ) for 15-20 mins at a time between the 2-3 min 3d segments is just asking for broken paper 3d glasses and leads to an overall dud of a supposed 3d release
the quality of films presented notwithstanding i feel cheated by the manufacturer/distributor which is time/warner . nowhere in any description do they tell you that this dvd comes with the pretty nasty advertisments in between the shorts that can not be zipped past ! so , as i did not expect commercials for the bmw 's , henry jaglom 's personal phone talks and a few trailers for hollywood schlock : i would definitely avoid any of their similar . too bad because i love short and unusual films
laura esquivel made the mistake of having her husband direct the cinematic version of her passionate , magical novel . lumi cavazos is a likeable tita , struggling with her forbidden passion for pedro.she 's a sympathetic character & conveys her pain with her eyes.for a talented actress , i wonder what has become of her since . marco leonardi is not as sympathetic as pedro.he comes across as a cheating scoundrel , causing pain for both his wife & his forbidden lover.one wonders why tita loves him so much , except that it 's forbidden.marco leonardi is , however , being true to the book.he uses tita for his own pleasure ; instead of bravely marrying her , he is a coward in marrying her sister & cheating on her . the movie renders less magical , or powerful , the scenes in the book.instead of making it wildly colorful it has the sepia tones more fitting for a spaghetti western.one expects to see john wayne riding to tita 's rescue . the magical scenes are hardly convincing , even for their time.the movie does have an excellent soundtrack.it 's far inferior to the delectable , sensual novel
much too stereotypical for my tastes and the storyline is not only unbelievable- it drags on and on . sadly , from reading some of the reviews on amazon , mr. hiassen 's stereotypical , over the top books on the people of florida are read by many as real and some reviewers state that they want to visit florida after reading mr. hiaasen 's books . this is sad- that people actually believe that the state is chock full of characters like twilly spree , clinton skink tyree and palmer stoat . where does he get these names ? during my <NUM> years in florida , the people i met had names like robert , jim , mary , chris , michael , etc . by the way , for those of you who think i am just a floridian with sour grapes- i have been a proud resident of the northeast for over <NUM> years . i just dislike stereotyping of groups of people . it causes prejeudice , misunderstanding and in extreme cases- hatred . read some christopher moore for your humor fix . he does n't stereotype and although his stories are over the top in his own way , he makes them believable and fun
do n't let the title fool you as it did me . for whatever reason , i led myself to believe the whole movie took place on a train in the same fashion rear window takes place all within one location . it does n't , but part of me wished it had . as far as the plot goes , two strangers meet on a train . guy , a pro tennis star , and bruno , a psychotic socialite . he proposes to guy that they both help each other , with bruno murdering guy 's cheating wife , and in return guy killing bruno 's father . part of this felt very throw mama from the train to me , but more funny . anyway , i have come to expect great things , and high tension from hitchcock , and sorry to say , he did n't deliver this time around . the best part of this movie is robert walker 's portrayal of bruno , who seems friendly and normal , but just by listening to him talk for more than a couple minutes , you get the feeling he is as far from normal as you can get . his performance reminded me eerily of kevin spacey . if they were to remake this movie ( and as much as i despise remakes , i believe they are planning one ) , they 'd be foolish not to offer it to him . so for what it 's worth , hitchcock is still the master , but do n't let this be your introduction to him if you 're new to his body of work , there are many superior choices
despite breaking through with the kanye west-assisted this way in <NUM> , dilated peoples have created a niche for themselves , devoid of mainstream hip-hop 's frills and the eccentric creativity of the left-field . their once-commendable stoicism now translates as banality , not aided by this lacklustre set , filled with beats that eminem would be ashamed of . the malaise even extends to some very ordinary scratching from the usually impeccable dj babu , while it takes guest talib kweli to deliver the lp 's best verse on kindness for weakness
two words for this bulls * * t they call an album : straight garbage ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! what were they thinking . bone thugs are my favorite rap group of all time , but what the hell is this ? every track is horrible . they could 've left this cd at the record company . if i could , i would give this cd <NUM> stars
this is a bad movie . a very bad movie . there are no words in which i can express how horrible that movie is
this dvd has very little to offer and even at its attractive price , it 's a waste of money . granted , i have done reading on meditation for years and have practiced sporadically . still , i do n't believe you could get much less from a dvd than is available on this one . there are detailed instructions on posture , hand position and the like . that takes about three minutes . i was very disappointed in the lack of in-depth instruction i would have expected from a dvd on meditation .
having listened to one of the hottest balance releases ( desyn masiello balance <NUM> ) , i had high expectations from the follow up release ( paolo mojo balance <NUM> ) . unfortunately , they are completely opposites when it comes to my listening enjoyment . the tracks in paolo 's compilation are nothing but outdated . i ca n't wait for jimmy van m 's release of balance <NUM> to erase the bad memories of paolo 's buzz kill .
i purchased this cd and i was ripped off . the sounds on the cd are pathetic . they are of poor quality , with one person standing in a sound booth . i could have made a better recording with my tape recorder and mic myself . i was looking for a cd to compile a string of sounds for my haunted house . now i have to find another means of getting these sounds . do n't buy this cd . you will not get your moneys worth
not only is this a bad representation of ac/dc live , ( they only opened up with riff raff during the brief powerage tour and who cares about rock n roll damnation , live anyway ) , but this is a fake live album . judging by many of the alternate live recordings available , ac/dc just never sounded like this live , its all doctored up , the crowd noise is fake ( listen to the `` fweep '' of the tape machine being turned off at the end of `` whole lotta rosie '' , a glaring mistake and proof of the fakiness . not a horrible album , hell aint a bad place and problem child are pretty good , but where is live wire ? rocker was'nt available yet in the usa either which just makes it all the more confusing . proof that bon scott ac/dc album can .... ps : let there be rock and flick of the switch are the best ac/dc albums ..
i sadly wasted approximately <NUM> hours of my life listening to this sorely lacking & quot ; opera & quot ; . i was not at all surprised to read in the notes that the score had never actually been written to the piece , but rather , monk came to the studio with a few ideas and improvised much of the work . the tracks repeat endlessly without any meaningful development . some of them contain nonsensical dialogue as well , which adds little to the opera 's overall effect . listen to the sample track & quot ; ice demons & quot ; for a good demonstration of ludicrous and pretentious composition . while i 'm not a devoted fan of minimalism in general , i can at least enjoy it on occassion . in my opinion , some minimalist works like & quot ; einstein on the beach & quot ; by philip glass are far more sophisticated than monk 's opera and do n't have the aggravating tendency to take themselves too seriously . monk 's overdramatic spiritual nonsense really gets on the nerves
cabaret is one of the great movie musicals of all time . unfortunately this dvd version , released in <NUM> is misrepresented as a widescreen format enhanced for widescreen televisions . it is not . the widescreen picture is `` matted '' and fills only a portion of the screen on newer hd sets . since there is no other version available , if you love the movie this is the only way to own it . shame on warner brothers for not releasing a classic like this with a pristine print that does the film justice
hello i wo n't sell you on the show-it 's one of my favorites , and you can read other 's opinions there . what i will say is that we are having a horrible time finding copies that play without scattering immages , or freezing up the player . so far we 've had to return episode one <NUM> times ( one time it came with <NUM> identical discs ( i.e one disc one , two discs two , and one disc <NUM> ) , we 've had to return season <NUM> and <NUM> for reasons that they 're not playable . it will play fine on one disc , then the next disc it crashes , pixilates , or wo n't load at all . we do n't have this problem with any other movies . so , beware , watch all the episodes before you put it on your shelf , and be prepared ( and if you are a true fan , you will do this ) to keep on trying until all the discs work . all that i can figure is that they were n't sure they 'd sell ( big mistake ) and made them cheap . what a shame . good luck
written by the same author as cults , new religions movements , and your family , as well as defending the faith : a beginner 's guide to cults and new religions , gives a sense where the author is headed with this prodigious `` history '' of the church . although not an actual history of mormonism , but more of a superficially selective journalistic survey of the church , ( its people , dealings and influences ) the book offers the reader an enormous panoramic overview at the entire <NUM> year span of its existence . yes , the volume is anti-mormon , it is negative and has no balanced view or viewpoint . abanes uses enflamed and sensualistic language from the start and propagates the same misjudgments as previous anti-mormon writers ( confusing the action of members with the doctrines of the institution , using enflamed and unreliable anti-mormon sources as well as regurgitating old anti-mormon arguments that have been dealt-with in scholarly journals and balanced histories ) yes , he mostly uses only secondary materials and relies on the tanner 's as an authoritative source , and yes , the author has no clue what historical perspective is , but , one must give the author his due for the broad scope of the work . he not only covers all the standard anti-mormon fare ( the danites , blood atonement , polygamy , money digging , etc . ) ; but current subjects as well ( including the osmond 's , steve benson , the <NUM> olympics , paul dunn , thomas ferguson , and racism ) . i enjoyed the author 's journalistic and creative approach to chapter and sub-chapter headings as well ( i.e. , `` bloody brigham , '' `` big trouble in little missouri , '' `` pride and prejudice '' and `` thinking is a sin '' ) . i like that abanes uses the internet and listed url 's for reference and resource , i liked his use of charts ( first vision , book of mormon , failed prophecies ) , and even though this book would not be published by an academic press or a large well-known publisher , it was published by a distinguished independent publisher that was since bought by the avalon publishing group . although the work can not be recommend as a studious publication or an important work on mormonism , the author does show that the church as an institution does have a long way to go in answering questions about its past , its `` official '' vs. its `` actual '' history , and currently about its political activities , treatment of its `` academic '' members ( versus the coddling it shows towards its more notable members ( including general authorities ) as well as its suppression of its own history that includes the closing-off of its records and library . the volume has <NUM> pages of text , five appendices ( one containing a helpful glossary of `` mormon terms '' ) , <NUM> pages of notes , a small bibliography and a <NUM> page index
the `` stick to fallout boy '' -esque comments are just silly . if you want to listen to noise for nearly an hour go ahead . this is one of the worst lps ever recorded . all i could think of when listening to this cd was a hilarious wiki page mocking a fictional industrial band from finland , who hide behind fire hydrants and record the sound of dogs urinating , among other things that do n't belong in a review . but then i guess i 'm just too much of a pea brain to appreciate the depth of this follow-up . please . get over yourselves . i hated the debut when i first listened to it , but it is near the top of my favorite albums of the decade now . the difference ? the debut was music ! the irony ( ironidence ) here is not in the music itself , but that the album is a perfect reflection of the band - which is no band at all . when your lead singer broods in a corner all day and does n't even speak to the rest of the band , it should come as no surprise that they record an album that sounds exactly like three year-olds on a play date - or an industrial band
it 's amazing how hollywood and the publishing industry have bent their knees to secession mythology , from birth of a nation to the present example of melodramatic falsification . this is a very dull , shapeless , stilted movie . i would n't bother to denounce it on artistic grounds , but since it is above all a piece of propaganda , i 'm compelled to condemn it as history . what it presents is the `` war between the states '' version of the civil war , in which the gallant southerners defend their homes , their beloved hills and dales , their cultured lives from the inexplicable invasion of the rude hordes of the north . there are only two black characters , both sentimentally loyal to their southernness and their masters ; otherwise , slavery is beside the point . the generalship of lee and jackson , of course , is idolized , while the northern officers above the rank of colonel are portrayed as fools . the battle scenes are perfectly predictable ; guys charge on foot , other guys shoot , the fields are littered with bodies . would n't a little exposition of the logistics of those battle been more interesting ? how real is it to show only one train , and that southern , in a war won more by transportation than by musketry ? if you are a believer in the myth of the lost cause and the justice of secession , if you have ever cottoned to the notion that the war was n't really about slavery , then i challenge you honor ! i defy you to read just one heavy , scholarly book , arguing about slavery by william lee miller , a professor at the university of virginia . it retells the debates that occurred in the house of representatives , over slavery , in the 1830s , twenty-five years before the election of lincoln . the uncompromising sectional hatred expressed in those debates will surely convince you that the civil war had deeper roots than you thought , and that slavery was indeed the central issue for both sides , blue and grey
i would like to know what type of people are writing these reviews and what state of musical knowledge they have i 've never written a review but after reading what these plutocrates have wrote i have to respond this cd is on par with ant and dec its terrible she waffles on with an annoying high piched voice about english mcs sounding american then she tries to sound like a cracked out missy elliot who also is terrible she has absolutely zero talent and im amazed she has a record deal its borders on treason that shes allowed to hold a mi
when i saw the futureheads at chicago 's empty bottle in <NUM> , it was a revelation of jumproping vocal harmonies , savage guitar abuse and anthemic absurdity . the band 's self-titled debut album was just as exciting . the futureheads have barely stopped touring since , and it shows . all of their technical craft remains evident on news & tributes , but there are few if any memorable moments . the songwriting just is n't there . and believe me : the band knows it . at this year 's pitchfork festival , they played perhaps three songs from n & t , choosing to lean on the older , tighter , hookier material . want a great new rock album ? go buy the tokyo police club ep .
this was the most boring book i have had the mispleasure of reading . our book club chose it based on a review one of our members read . needless to say after every member complained about the book and found nothing positive to say we looked into other reviews and found them to match our opinion . do not waste your money on this book
well i loved the book by joseph heller even though it can be hard to follow at times . the movie , however , was a huge let down . i did not expect it to be as good as the book , nothing ever is , but this was just bad . the cast sounds great , but the acting too over the top if you ask me . especially arkin as yossarian , he just annoyed me . there were many characters i came to like while reading , but this movie does n't give you a chance to like any of them . so much of the book is left out , which is to be expected , but it does n't make any sense if you have n't read it . the anti-war commentary is almost completely lost and it has basically been turned into a comedy . overall this was a terrible movie , especially considering how good the book was . it gets two starts simply for being associated with the book . do n't waste your money , just read the book
i love leslie nielsen especially the naked gun series but this movie is just awful . no belly laughs . no laughs . maybe a chuckler here and there but that 's it . save your money
terrible ! dialog non existent . need to run this with subtitle on to make a feeble attempt to hear the actors
my roommate gave me this book and i thought it would be a good read during the winter break ( i am a college student ) . halfway through chapter <NUM> ( pg <NUM> ) i decided to stop reading the book . the book can be summarized by saying that we human make decisions based on feeling and not logic . this book explains why is that . but it does n't teach you how to become more logical
bought this awhile back and forgot i had it . watched it and then i rememebered how awful it was . was about to throw it out and then thought maybe i could reuse the case ?
this book completely fails to realistically convey the relative risks and profit potential for the average wannabe day trader . im talking about someone with less than a few thousand to play the market . unless you have big bucks and level ii quotes forget day trading unless you are very lucky . in the trading parlance , i wish i had a short position on this book at its current price , and could cover my short at the current used price ! save your money
this is a one-time watch . it is most definately a home movie with very unprofessional editing . i was hoping for at least one or two songs to have a professional mix . never happened ..
ann rule wrote the story of a young couple on a camping trip from hell ! the hero is murdered and the murderer is sexually obsessed with his sexy young wife , joanne lindstrom . he captures her , strips and rapes her several times over , and the poor victim is helpless in the woods and grows dependent on the evil & quot ; red man & quot ; she even falls in love with him , and he succeeds in planting his seed in her belly . this sounds like some wild male rape fantasy , but ms. rule wrote it , not i . strange crime story , with highly explicit rape scenes . highly recommended
there 's not too much i can offer here , since i found very little to grab my attention throughout this movie . a lot of nice shots of the robots in this , and the color tweaking really did help keep the cgi effects seem more real in their settings . i 'm sure there has been some debate over the use of sir laurence olivier in this movie , but that 's not something that i think really applies to my overall sense of the film . i am sure that a lot of nostalgia and sentimentality can be attached to this film in the way it pays homage to classic science fiction and old cinema . a lot of the camera angles , costumes , the shapes of the robots and weapons , all reminisce upon cinema and comic books of yore , and in concept this film is a good reminder of those days of pure invention in science fiction , as silly as they may look to us today . but this trip down memory lane was down a poorly chosen lane . there are plenty of comic books and movies of the time that were also very eerily accurate in their predictions of the future , and because of that they 're not often harked upon . instead , this film goes for the silly sci-fi and wraps it in a package that was clearly tweaked by many a studio executive to make sure there were romantic moments , a spiffy sidekick , and enough explosions to keep popcorn eaters eating . this movie felt like a lot of effort with little substance .
who would read all these reviews , and then actually buy this book ? this book is an unfair attempt at pandering to the doddling whims of a major portion of our population ... the suckers ... of which i am obviously one , because i did read the stupid book ! it took me almost a year to get through it - one half paragraph at a time before i would fall asleep each night . if it was n't for jordan , i 'd have a hard time going to sleep at all . it does n't even deserve <NUM> star
wasted talent . none of the characters are believable in the roles they are portraying . some funny stuff . craig ferguson can do better . charlotte church should stick to singing as acting is not her forte . every thing in this movie seems forced and there is no chemistry between the characters
your music goes back to sucking . steve earle did n't talk much about car wheels in his autobiography other than to say working with lucinda was a real drag . well , whatever . obviously it produced incredible results and no matter how difficult she is they should look into working together again . because frankly , w/o earle , lucinda williams writes fairly boring songs and puts them to even more boring arrangements . and without lucinda , steve earle does fairly generic country that is rarely worth a second listen . together , they 're awe inspiring . anyway , on to essence : boring songs+boring arrangments+drugged-out singing=bad album . trying to pimp the tracks up with production pixie dust does n't fix the fundamental problem here : the songs are lame . in place of insight we get shopping lists , in place of hooks we get verse , verse , verse . and in place of emotion we get slurred vocals . such ingredients do not make for a good record . as a side note , if you filter by `` most helpful '' you get reviewers who are n't 5-star fanboy clones and write intelligent reviews . most of them were not fooled by this album , no matter how big a fan of lucinda they are . rstj
i found the writer , crane , dying to interpose his bad poetry , bad jokes and whining , obnoxious self into what could have been a thoughtful story about a monk and his religious beliefs . too bad
i heard `` heart of mine '' in the closing credits for the movie runaway jury . after listening to the album , i found that was really the only tune i liked . peter malick is a veteran of the hard-charging james montomery band ( who i have seen tear up stages of northeast blues clubs ) , which is why the sleepiness of most of these pieces mystifies me . you could argue that he is going for a `` relaxed '' feel , to which i would repsond he succeeds all too well . norah jones can sing , and sing well- no argument there , but these songs are not great . the lyrics i found to be a little too clever , like some music student 's term paper . for most of the album i felt like everyone was trying way too hard to do something deep and meaningful . having said all this , `` heart of mine '' is an excellent record , and might even be worth the price of the cd . of course , to get the one good track , you could try downloading it for a dollar from itunes or your favorite mp3 site .
am i the only ones who actually liked nelly 's first album , i thought it had charm , style , grandier to me and kind of scale and kind of importance , you thought it mean something , but this is just a lame gimmick from the start , i mean there are some moments and some good songs ( including the sexy and very funny music video hot in herre with cedric the entertainer ) , but the rest are just horrible , there is nothing else about this album that i can engage with nor cared about and who cares ? country grammer was funny and good , this one 's an utter disaster . one of the worst albums of the decade .
i have only one question about this movie . and that is , why in the world did they change so many things that were in the book ? if you have n't read the book than you do n't know what i 'm talking about . but if you have , then you do . i ca n't even begin to explain how good of a movie this would 've been if it had been adapted correctly . half the time while watching this , i felt as if i was watching teletubies or something , the colors were so bright . if this movie had been placed in the correct time period with correct costumes , locations , characters , and details from the story , then everyone would love it . not just <NUM> year olds . it makes me so angry when i watch this movie . yes , its funny and charming but it is so embarrassing . everytime i loan someone the book , i have to explain to them that it is nothing like the movie at all . in fact , it is a hundred times better . more even . i am really disappointed . i just do n't get how gail carson levine would agree to all the changes that were made . if someone ever gets the courage to adapt the book into another movie , than i suggest they do it right . and if they do , then i 'll be very thankful . i just do n't get it . the book is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo much better . you would n't believe how much better it is . i am truely ashamed that this movie is even related in any way to the book . next time , please , please , do it right
i thought the narrator was terrible . she is under the impression that people in upstate new york have southern accents . or maybe she never figured out where the story takes place . it must be the mint juleps that confused her . you 'd think there would be an editor or coach that would notice this discrepancy , but i guess if nobody could be bothered to edit the author 's work , they certainly could n't worry about the narrator 's accents
brokedown palace is bad . how bad is it ? it 's pretty bad , man . do n't tell me i did n't warn you
after much much excitement and almost <NUM> bucks layed out i was extremely disappointed . the music was really slow , boring and rather dull . the songs start to seem like they 're the same as the lack ones . maybe i 'm just too used to other trance but i couldnt ' find any trance in this cd
i very much looked forward to the ending of this book not to see what would happen but so that i could be done with it and move on to a different book ! i found this book pointless . after reading <NUM> pages , i ca n't even think of two adjectives to describe sally and clare . moody does such a poor job of character development that i do n't feel like i know all that much about these two women . i did not like the main characters and i did n't feel as though they had much of a real friendship at all . the book is way too long , the plot is unbelievable , the characters are unlikable , and the writing style is annoying
this band is more punk than rock with only somewhat easy flowing songs
very underwhelming . if you knew * nothing * , this might be a mediocre starting point , but there are so many other great resources on thyroid disease . you deserve better than this book . like is short . `` thyroid power '' or `` fat , fuzzy , or frazzled '' , mary shomon 's books and similar books are * crammed * with helpful scientific information . also `` mood cure '' is a great book worth checking out .
all this is iis a bunch of 1:00 long songs that are all crap . they should have put this might be a wiki or at least boss of me on here . but , unfortunately , it 's a flop ! flop ! flop ! useless noise ! local crazy monke
these are not your typical teens . they love broadway musicals and want a life of singing and dancing on stage . so here they are at `` camp ovation '' honing their skills . one of the teachers is a song songwriter . because he is also a `` one hit wonder '' he 's an angry alcoholic . the other characters ( teenagers ) are a `` fag hag '' , a cross dresser , a chubby girl who has her mouth wired shut , a bleached blonde who thinks too highly of herself and her meek sidekick and a rare straight boy at the camp who lacks self-esteem . there is a three good scenes that made this film worth watching but in general mediocre movie . if you like musicals , you will proberly like this but might bore most people .
if you loved the back to the future trilogy and , generally speaking , time traveling extravaganzas on the silver screen ... simply forget about buying this dvd . all being well it would make you feel like a total idiot for the first half of the movie , while you try to figure out all the `` time-traveling science '' you 've been taught so far , then space you out close to the end , leaving you totally speechless . this is not good , simply because the producers and the writers probably went crazy themselves trying to emulate the real time-traveling pros , while winding up with some abrubt , nonsense end of the movie , with absolutely no sci-fi logic at all : they simply had to eventually stop shooting , so they just thought any happy ending would have done the trick , no matter the time differences and the numberless loose ends still untied in the plot . not a sci-fi movie and not a romantic story either : look elsewhere for any of these two types of movie
this is one of the seminal albums of the two-tone movement , but do n't buy this castrated version
this book is about a man named ray atlee whose father has just died , leaving $ <NUM> million in unexplained cash . someone else knows about the money . the three major questions for the book to answer are : <NUM> ) where did the money come from ? <NUM> ) who is the mystery person ( or people ) trying to get it ? <NUM> ) what will ray do with it ? i have reached page <NUM> in this book , and none of these questions have been answered . ray has moved the money around , been vaguely threatened by person or persons unknown and had many conversations with side characters that all led nowhere . <NUM> pages in , all i know is where the money did n't come from . this is a legal thriller that does not thrill . the pacing is deadly dull and i keep waiting , waiting , waiting for something to happen and nothing does . finally i threw the book down in frustration an hour or so ago when i realized how close to <NUM> pages i 'd gotten with nothing happening . i do n't know why i even gave the book this much of a chance . nothing bad has happened to him , and even though three million is at stake , none of the bad guys have taken any but the most harmless ways of trying to get it . if they were really following him as much as it 's alluded to in the book , they could have easily put a bullet in his head any time and taken the cash . he spends half the book carrying it around in the trunk of his car , for god 's sake ! i may finish it one day , but as of now i just do n't care about the money or the characters who are after it . not grisham 's best , by a long shot
while guy grand 's pranks are amusing , the book lacks any real satirical center or dramatic structure , which would give it some meaning ( and some real bite ) . you could take the chapters out of their present sequence , reassemble them in any order , and the book would be just as effective -- - and that 's about as damning a criticism as i can think of . the book utlimately is a washout . it starts and stops in the same place , and in between the narrative just meanders from episode to episode without any real idea of what it wants to do , or how to do it . not southern 's best , by any means , but better than tripe like candy
this is one extremely ponderous book to read . the author makes several well intentioned points , only to get bogged down in his own research and wordiness . read it if you must .... be sure you have lots of time to decipher it once you have
i was disappointed because there is no game footage , only conversations and instructional footage . <NUM> % of this video is players interacting with jennie finch , and <NUM> % of the video is jenny finch pitching to major leagers .
this is the first movie i have seen whose rating slipped further the longer it played . `` eight women '' is the story of , well , eight women , who are trapped by a snowstorm -- all <NUM> inches of it . the man of the house has been murdered in the night . young and old , black and white , of different classes , the women must try to determine who the killer is . `` eight women '' is also a movie about secrets , of which everyone seems to have several . the plot has more twists and turns than an alpine road on the tour de france . yet the first 2/3 of the film is tolerable , funny and even a bit interesting . the characters are self-interested and fun . there 's dotty old grandma , a prissy , hysterical virgin aunt , the dead man 's vampish sister and coltish young maid , two daughters , a somber yet elegant wife ( catherine deneuve ) and a black cook . plenty of class and age tension to make three movies . did i mention the music ? every twenty minutes or so , one of the characters breaks into song . these are always those stereotypical french songs -- full of longing and sadness and references to sleep and springtime -- that are tedious to american ears . and bizarre . while one character sings , the rest do slow little dances . strange . by the 2/3 mark , i was going to give this quirky film <NUM> stars . but soon , the plot line spun out of control , getting more and more manic until it finally derailed completely with a tragic ending . definitely not recommended unless you are desperate need of a bizarre experience .
i was not feeling this album at all which is strange because i like mac dre and dubee quite a bit . i was not feeling the tracks . it was too funk oriented , with some dumb sounding tracks . it was not the smooth type of production that i expected to hear coming out of vallejo . a big disappointment
britain , circa <NUM> . tony blair is elected p.m. princess di perishes . and the spice girls are unleashed to an unsuspecting public . this effort is an attempt to cash in on the phenomenon before a fickle populace turns their attention to the next best thing . to be fair , the girls are not to blame for what a tedious flick this is . rather , they are appealing and prove to be the film 's lone redeeming factor . the fault lies in the script that tries to do for the spice girls what `` a hard days ' night '' did for the beatles . whereas the fab four 's film was full of wit and cogent commentary on beatlemania this flick is unfunny and basically incoherent about what it 's trying to say about the spice craze . i was reminded more of the monkees ' `` head '' than i was of `` a hard days ' night '' . lots of celeb cameos ( roger moore , elton john , et al ) that amount to naught . oh , well . on to `` from justin to kelly ''
actually i intended to order another book `` ramp plans : learn how to build vert street mini launch and bowls ( <NUM> edition ) '' , but by mistake seem to have ordered this one instead without realising it before it arrived . must be my mistake where as i should have noticed this in the confirmation email i got . still , better luck next time ..
i apologize the the children 's author for mis-using the title of a very good book , but it seemed so right ! assuming that the greeks lived much like the oliver stone asserts , and why not , then it was hard to be macedonian , greek , and royal . there is enough angst in this movie for the rest of alexander 's cut short life . three hours of this much angst is three hours too much . i give it <NUM> stars for the scenery , the story that is probably pretty spot on , and the fact that someone had the good sense to have sir anthony hopkins and christpher plummer in the movie . they are the redeeming features of the whole thing . but i would not recommend this movie to anyone looking for a more historical venue . read a good book about it ! ! sorry , oliver , but it 's jfk all over again . plausible , but just not the case
i received a promotional copy in the mail , and i thank the author for that , since i did n't waste any money on it . this is a truly unoriginal book . after reading the first few pages , i could see where it was going . i scribbled a few ideas on a piece of paper and started flipping forward through the book . sure enough , he hit every one , and not much else . this is another rehashing of every rah-rah book you 've read on sales , and there are many hundreds of them . i 've read several dozen of them , and they all sound the same after a while . the real problem with a book like this is that there might actually be something new in here , but i 'd never want to spend the time reading to find it . typical sections : you got ta ... visualize success you got ta ... think like a winner you got ta ... sell yourself you got ta ... go the extra mile you got ta ... use the power of numbers you got ta ... do better than this to sell this book
i received this dvd from my brother who is possibly a bigger kevin smith fan than i am . i thought the fact that he was giving away his copy was pretty odd at the time until i watched the dvd myself . the degrassi episodes are amazingly boring and jay and silent bob 's toned-down appearances do n't help much . i really liked the original degrassi series so i was disappointed by this dvd . there are some funny moments in the `` extras '' section of the dvd but i would still only recommend this as a `` rent '' or something to buy used if you are a diehard fan .
if this had been the first crais book i 'd read i would n't have read any others which would have been a pity as all his previous books ( except the forgotten man ) were excellent . the two-minute rule ( note the use of the grammatically correct hyphen ) has two main characters , holman and pollard , who are made of cardboard and are not in the least bit interesting . the plot was okay but the end was silly . i was bored throughout most of the book and could n't wait for it to finish . if you want good crais then read demolition angel , hostage or la requiem and do n't read this one .
take <NUM> ugly men and toss in an overhyped horrible singer/actress and youve got another razzie.minus j-lo and this might have been a <NUM> star movie
school librarians , please look over this book before purchase . we sent it back . this is geared to adult humor . it is not a vocational guidance book
i never received the item even though it showed available . i do n't think that should be able to list items they do n't really have available
sarah hudson 's album has been compared to skye sweetnam 's 'noise from the basement ' . what ? there is no comparison - skye sweetnam has actual talent . while sarah ... what sort of lyrics are - `` i ca n't hold on forever/i know that you know i know '' and `` i wan na go shopping like wynona ryder '' and `` you better lock your doors/the bitch is back. '' ? `` naked truth '' is not about the music . this album is about manufacturing a woman trying to be a girl , singing about things that she 's too old to identify with . the tunes are trying their best to be hardcore - but they arent . sarah is trying her best to be skye sweetnam - but she 's not . besides , skye sweetnam is actually a great role model for youngsters . sarah is not
guys ... it 's not that good . i have the album on my computer , and i gave it a few listens , but ... it has no substance . it 's not interesting or anything new . it 's catchy . and irritating , after more than a song or two . that 's all ( `` bandages '' is enjoyable once in a while , i will concede ) . if you 're looking for catchy and poppy ( and there 's nothing wrong with that ) , then buy it . if you want something new and original - do n't . and if you want good indie dance/electronica-type music go for something like the faint , the bravery , or le tigre .
while easy enough to read , if the exact same pages were enclosed in a harlequin romance cover , i would n't know the difference . i 'm extremely surprised this is a `` best seller '' . maybe i should take up writing because i ca n't possibly be worse than this . ok , it 's a good enough story but wow , it 's predictible and boring . i read it completely in <NUM> days , and i 'm a reader that savors pages so it takes me a while . i was n't intrigued , i was n't on the edge of my seat , and did n't shed a tear
i saw it on tv and love that movie . i was so thrilled to get dvd to watch it again but the negative thing is there is no closed captioned or subtitle for deaf , hearing impaire and hard of hearing people . its too sad . it isnt worth it to buy it .
contrary to the previous review , i find that commenting on the quality of the mixing on this cd to be essential . it has to be the sloppiest 'exhibition ' of professional mixing that i 've heard consigned to disc . it just sounded like there was too much emphasis on getting as many tracks on in <NUM> mins , regardless of flow , or beat matching . very let down by this disc
this book is terrible , awful , and immoral and if you love danielle steel books ( do n't bother to read this one ) . my fiancee and i love to read to each other and i got angry/mad after reading this book . i just do n't believe that marriage is based on cheating . i think danielle steel may have had one to many drinks while writing this book
the only resemblance rise to power has with the original carlito 's way film is in name and producer martin bregman . the success of the original begs for a vivacious , guns-blazing carlito brigante prequel . unfortunately , martin bregman decided to bankroll his son as the director . the result was a train wreck of a movie with horrible casting , acting , writing , directing ; you name it , michael bregman did it ... bad . topping it all off , the plot fails to lead in to the original movie ! the irony of this michael bregman is the similarity between him and a character in the movie - reggie . given the chance to inherit his older brother 's powerful and profitable position , reggie , at every turn , makes horrible decisions . at times , these decisions are made , seemingly without any sort of reason . in the same way , michael bregman 's choices for the film are painfully disgraceful to the original carlito 's way , and to his father ... this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . for the love , stay away ..
robert laughlin is a great physicist who has found some truly important insights about condensed matter physics in general and the fractional quantum hall effect in particular , and he deserves his <NUM> physics nobel prize . but his attempts to say something profound about fundamental physics and particle physics seem far less serious . be sure that my opinion is shared not only by a huge majority of `` fundamental physicists '' but even by many colleagues of laughlin in condensed matter physics . the main problem with his reasoning is that he has obviously no solutions for the problems he tries to address . all of us agree that some important features of physical phenomena do not depend on the details of underlying physics ; many of these phenomena are emergent in character ; it is not too important or useful to know quarks or strings in order to study most of the important concepts in biology , climate , physics of water , or quantum computing . if laughlin thinks that other physicists do not realize this fact , then he is fighting a strawman . most physicists realize these things - and many fundamental physicists actually use very similar mathematical techniques as laughlin does in his `` emergent '' approach . but at the same moment , there are contexts - and particle physics and/or fundamental physics is a textbook example - where we simply do need to ask different questions . we need to know what natural laws underlie the phenomena we observe at longer distances . we need to find more fundamental , more elementary , and usually smaller constituents of the matter and the interactions that control their dynamics . we need to study these questions whenever we want to determine physics more accurately ; we also need to study these questions because we want to acquire a deeper knowledge that is necessary for future constructions of emergent theories ; we need to investigate the underlying physics in order to illuminate some features and parameters of the effective theories that the effective theories themselves simply do n't explain and ca n't explain . people have been looking for more fundamental theories of the real world for quite some time , they have made a tremendous progress in this reductionist quest , and the reductionist approach is responsible for many of the achievements of the modern era . if there were no reductionists in the 19th and 20th centuries , electrons would not have been discovered and laughlin could probably never construct the wavefunction for which he was awarded by the swedish academy of sciences . laughlin seems to misunderstand these points . he thinks that his dislike for particle physics is a valuable idea by itself . it 's not . he has nothing to say about these issues , and therefore silence would be better for him and for everyone else . the same conclusion holds for laughlin 's opinions about the black holes and other issues in the realm of fundamental physics . laughlin seems to believe that the condensed matter physics way of thinking is very rare among particle physicists , string theorists , and general relativists , and therefore it is very important for him to present conjectures that the black holes are made of plastic or something very similar . but such conjectures are not too useful because fundamental physics simply does not work in this way . if physics of polymers were important for the research of black holes , it is very likely that the black hole physicists would be forced to figure out how to apply these rules even without the help of prof. laughlin . the book uses many metaphors from the everyday life . the author usually offers ten sentences even though his simple and shallow idea is completely clear already from the sentence number one . several chapters at the end of the book are redundant as wholes . you do n't need to read this book . the main ideas can be summarized as follows : prof. laughlin believes that we should always be satisfied with a superficial description of physical phenomena and we should never try to look `` inside '' in order to identify more elementary components . prof. laughlin is wrong , he has nothing to say about the important questions that laughlin believes are unimportant , he actually says nothing about most of the important questions in the reductionist vs. emergent debate , and you better save your money and time
i usually really hate to critize a book like this , but this book was not what i expected it to be . this book was to be romantic suspense , but where was the romance ? this book focused mainly on the mystery ( which was solved by the the time you reached the middle of the book ) , and then the story kinda dragged on , probably to finish the love story . the love story was okay , but there was no serious focus on it and it just kinda closed off . in the end , for my first book by krentz , it was not the greatest
first off , kanye west is about as mediocre a rapper as it comes . he looks plain , sounds plain , and if it was n't for the controversy that surrounds him , everyone would be like `` who cares ? '' but while he sings about jesus and lives like he is a prophet , there is no substance to him and his music . lame beats , hypocritical lyrics , this is the core of what is wrong in secular music today . his interviews show him as arrogant , racist , and unlovable , but it is selling his music and that 's what he cares about . so while his rapping voice is mediocre and his rhymes are abysmal and his life is lukewarm , he is sure to sell records galore and people will adore his hypocrisy ( and their own hypocrisy ) . so let 's be real for a second , because i am about to give you the best cd you will hear in years - it 's a mixture of rap and rock , with ( real ! ) beats , acoustic guitar , splashes of piano , and a voice that can sound like chris martin of coldplay one second and then rap like ll cool j the next ... buy today mat kearney 's `` nothing left to lose . '' the best cd of <NUM> and without an ounce of hyprocrisy while being true to himself
i like most of ac/dc 's music , but i ca n't stand their latest album stiff upper lip . stiff upper lip is the only ac/dc album where you can play it all the way through , and not even hear one good song . stiff upper lip does n't even come close to being as good as back in black or highway to hell . every song on it just bugs the heck out of me . listening to one song off this album is enough to test my patience ; but enduring all <NUM> of these musical abominations is enough to drive me crazy ! the overall sound is very similar to their earlier albums like highway to hell or back in black . but ... those cds had variety , they were semi original , and they were actually pretty good . this cd is just completely worthless . i have heard some cra ppy cds in my lifetime , but none of them were more pain to listen to than this . the vocalist sounds about <NUM> times worse than he did on their earlier albums , the music is chunky , repetitive , dull , and boring , and most of the songs sound the same . stiff upper lip is so bland and dull sounding that it sounds more like the monotonous droning of an electric fan than a rock n roll band . the music is so repetitive and similar sounding that its more like listening to the same annoying song for <NUM> minutes than <NUM> separate tracks . this cd is just unbelievaby terrible . it is a disgrace to this band 's legacy , and the band members should be embarrased by it . oh well , i guess they probably only made this album because they needed to fulfill their record contract , so i guess they do n't care about how awful it is anyway . all i can tell you potential buyers is to stay as far away from this piece of garbage as possible . it is a total piece of cr ap and it is not fit to listen to . go buy a good ac/dc cd like let there be rock , high voltage , powerage , highway to hell , or back in black . stiff upper lip suc ks so hard it leaves a big purple bruise . it 's so awful i 'd rather listen to the new nickelback cd than this !
the third secret is another entry in the vatican intrigue genre . it has the usual elements : vatican conservatives the usual bad guys vs liberal catholics the usual good guys . the `` third secret '' refers to secret revelations given to marian visionaries at such places as fatima and medjugorge , the existence of which is historical fact . if there is any suspense in the novel , it is not with the plot which is remarkably predictable and derivative . the only thing that kept my interest was waiting to find out the actual content of the third secret ( s ) , at least according to the novel 's author . in the end , these proved to be rather predictable too , given the author 's religious inclinations
perhaps i 'm just getting old , and maybe i just have such a special place in my heart for dionne 's recordings from earlier in her career , but this recording just does n't cut it . i understand the necessity and the desire to `` update '' old hits from one 's singing career to make them `` sing '' to a new generation of listeners , but there is an annoying sameness to each song . the electronic instruments dominate way too much , particularly the percussion . where 's an acoustic piano ? not one horn ? not even a small string section ? this must have been a pretty low budget project . if you are a dionne warwick fan or are eager to listen to her music for the first time , first go back to her recordings from the <NUM> 's . then try some of her music from the `` heartbreaker '' and `` deja vu '' period . but do n't waste your money on this one . i hope dionne 's next project has a bit more imagination and better instrumental arrangements .
i usually enjoy his books , even though they are formulaic , but this one was so thin in plot it was sad . it was obvious from the get go who the bad guys were . of course there was the usual requisite sex scenes , even these were thin . the dialogues were stilted . there was no character building if per chance you had n't read his other books . i agree with the reviewer who said this must have been a churn book . i do n't usually write reviews , but felt compelled to comment on this boo
this is the intelligence level of people who like the movie : `` man dude this is a must see about time we all no jesus was black not the blue eyed painting that was push out for so long like they say time will tell and the dark will turn to light and oh there still hanging black folks to this day . '' i 'm sure the black community is thrilled to have so many people like this as members .
this dvd claims to teach you four dances : the waltz , foxtrot , social quickstep , and the tango . what they fail to mention however is that the instruction for the foxtrot and the social quickstep are exactly the same . the only difference between the two is the speed of the music playing in the background . the dances are very thoroughly taught , until you get to the tango . the waltz , which is probably the second hardest dance to learn , takes the most time to learn with it taking up probably forty-five minutes of the dvds total play time . the quickstep and foxtrot , both the easiest dance to learn , take up about a half-hour each , and the tango , the hardest to learn , they zoom through in about fifteen minutes , as if they were afraid of running out of time on the dvd . the video is relatively low quality , and after a time , the voices of the instructors tend to get on your nerves . pick this one up if you want to learn the basic steps , but that 's about all you 're going to get , and remember that it 's three dances , not four . once you 've learned the foxtrot , you know the social quickstep
cesar milan , the so-called 'dog whisperer ' , bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to be archaic - from the dinosaur age . he teaches that dogs base all their behavior on their pack status , and that you need to use painful 'corrections ' to convince them that you are alpha . this idea has n't the slightest shred of evidence going for it . yes , dogs do have dominance roles , but that has n't the slightest thing to do with problem behaviors . dogs do 'bad ' doggy behaviors because they work . dog guards his food bowl ? dog wants to keep food and knows that growling keeps you away . dog pulls on the leash ? dog wants to get somewhere faster and knows that pulling speeds things up . the dog does n't care whether or not you 're alpha ; he only cares that what he 's doing works to get him what he wants . technically , cesar 's methods work . but they use force , fear , and pain to teach the dog , when you can teach the same things faster with the proper positive motivation and non-forceful techniques . i have three hyper , active , highly driven border collies , and they 're all very obedient and mannerly . they do n't haul me around the leash , nor do they leap at guests , nor do they ignore me when i tell them something . and i do n't need to be 'alpha ' to get them that way ; neither does anyone else . i strongly suggest that you do n't buy this item . good books to start with are karen pryor 's 'getting started : clicker training for dogs ' , melissa alexander 's 'click for joy ! ' ( also with a great problem solving section ) , and jean donaldson 's 'the culture clash ' . you can easily have a happy , obedient , well behaved dog without causing him fear and pain
this book is totally useless . i 've contacted several places listed in the book to no avail . this will not help you make money and does not lead to any & quot ; free & quot ; money anywhere . keep the money you have
when i picked this book up , i expected it to be interesting . as a fat kid , i thought i would enjoy the story , thinking that i would feel connected to the main character . boy , was i wrong . in the beginning of the book , troy , feeling suicidal , wants to throw himself on the tracks , but curt , a skinny druggie , stops him . by the middle of the book , i wish curt had just held back and let troy jump . the book was very slow for me ; each new chapter sounded like the last . i read this short book over two weeks because i just could n't take it . the end was unsurprisingly predictable . i mean , i could 've told you what was going to happen by the fifth chapter . usually , when i read a book , i take something from it , maybe a lesson or a moral . in this book , i just felt a sense of nonclosure ... the ending did n't really do it for me . based on the other reviews on this page , you probably think that i 'm just a mean person who writes scathing reviews on great books . the first part may be true , but i only write scathing reviews on things i did not particularly like . you may not have liked macbeth , but i sure did . whether it 's a good book or not is all a matter of opinion
a princess and <NUM> samurais battle the hikima clan . the movie has some good swordfights , but the movie 's also too long , too slow moving at times , and it 's just a trial to sit through at times ! not to mention , the dubbing is horrendous . martial arts fans should skip this one . there 's much better movies out there than this
git-r-done is a nonstop display of a brilliant comedic genius known as larry the cable guy . larry never ceases to pull off witty punchlines that at first go over your head , but end up doubling you over with laughter . his preformance will definitely torque your brain , so be prepared . there are a couple instances where larry goes a little too far and really flexes his mental might leaving you feeling fragile and insecure . one such occurance is his bit about grandma farting like a machine gun . i was left very confused and uncertain of myself until it dawned on me that larry was just messing with me because we all know girls do n't fart , they do n't even have buttholes . he then tries to pull a fast one when he proclaims he never works out ever . unless you are an idiot , you know you ca n't look like him without a strict training regiment , nice try larry . he finally sounds off with an insightful and powerful anti-hillary clinton piece . this was the icing on the cake for me because when i think of intelligent political commentary , i think larry the cable guy ! ! ! !
( yup ... it 's that dc hating teen on her dad 's account ) although gg is possibly one my favorite television series , i was disappointed with this one . possibly no character development , except maybe lorelai . jared padalecki 's annoyingly routine guest spots as married/in-denial/sleazball chump cheater dean forrester gets on my last nerve . i could smack rory for sleeping with him , and ruining his fated marriage . meanwhile , lorelai becomes almost ditzy . her relationship with jason stiles gets quite boring . she 's totally oblivious to luke 's obvious infatuation with her . emily and richard 's seperation is the best part ... watching them bicker is funny . the end kiss with luke/lorelai is the best part . otherwise ... do n't get it
eric hobsbawm , dedicated to applying the none too convincing idea of & quot ; scientific & quot ; marxism in its traditional petrie dish of history , wields the critic 's pen more like a butcher 's cleaver than the rapier with which he believes , a la don quixote , he is thrusting . so it falls upon this reviewer to stand in faithfully as hobsbawm 's sancho panza . as such i appeal to you , eric , not to begin a work of historical analysis with an invocation to an intergalactic historian , for it is the most preposterous thing i have ever encountered . perhaps you were intrigued with the greeks ' romantic , albeit & quot ; unscientific , & quot ; appeal to the muse for inspiration ? how else can we , your faithful followers in the pursuit of truth , justice and the human way in the study of history , explain this unhistorical incantation ? have courage , though ! we know that your unwavering adherence to the & quot ; scientific & quot ; precepts of marxism will excuse everything . in short , eric , we know that you have been writing too much while watching star trek
i am being generous in giving this film two stars . i saw a trailer for it , and while it looked intriguing , looks can be deceiving , much like the bulk of this would-be psychological potboiler . i think the photography work and acting deserve a minimum of two stars as both were excellent ; the general storyline , however , was drivel . many reviewers have noted how the film fundamentally makes no sense , and there are parts where i agree wholeheartedly . i do n't mind thought-provoking films that leave you wondering what actually happened , but this was mostly in the shallow end from the standpoint of plot construction . it is inconceivable to me how the two female leads ( charlotte rampling , and ludivine sagnier ) could tolerate one another ; further , it is incomprehensible why rampling did n't merely leave france when sagnier started making her life miserable . to believe that rampling would actually help sagnier conceal murder is impossible . yes , i know that the entire character of the daughter is ambiguous by the end , but inasmuch as the character was constructed in rampling 's mind to be a murderess negates charges of cinematic intellectual superiority and holds rampling 's judgment suspect . the entire movie is filled with characters that are excruciating to watch , and the only real reason for a two star rating is that the actors do an outstanding job in their roles . i considered briefly watching the film a second time to make sure i understood all the nuances , but i just hated it too much the first time to give it a second chance . this is one film that looks positively great as a two minute theatrical trailer , but looks positively awful in the light of day as a hulking <NUM> minute feature . i am very open-minded to unusual , imported , and avant-garde films , but while this movie had touches of all three , i was merely relieved when it was over .
basically this book is an elaborate defense of promiscuity and hedonism . i have liked his other books in the past ( skinny legs and all is one of my all-time favorites ) but this one did n't have enough insight to adequately place the elements of the story within a greater understanding of the world around us ( usually one the greatest things about his writing .
i 'm a huge dylan fan - and collector ( i have around <NUM> or so of his albums , bootlegs , shows etc. ) . this is one of his worst ever - if not the worst - the only redeeming feature - the singing is not bad - even good on afew tracks . docendo discimus is dead right - spot on criticism - i could/t have said it better myself - so i wo n't try . anyone , imh , who gives this album more than <NUM> stars is of his rocker ..
i have long had the desire to read a grisham book , because i have heard good things . well , my chance came and i was sorely disappointed . the audio cd 's were on sale at a truck stop and i decided to get them for the chamber . the opening to the book kept me going , but by chapter three , i had already decided this , `` if sam cayhall lives i 'm going to be mad because i get furious about hate crimes , and if he dies , he had better not die a martyr or worse yet the `` hero '' to the story . '' sadly , i pursued curious about the ending . i 'm very glad i got the cds instead of the book , because it only took six hours to get through it . sure wish i had those six hours back and the money invested so i could try a diferent author . mayber grisham 's other books are better , but i wo n't be reading them
if you 're like me , you got into boo radleys during the shoegazer era . i loved the discs preceding wake up ! , especially giant steps . this is as far away from shoegazer as you can get . the first reviewer here is right on as now carr is totally doing the beach boys sunny harmony thing . sorry , no my thing . they could have evolved more like catherine wheel whom i recommend highly . also try ride ( of course ) and slowdive
coleman 's play on different instruments showed a lot of skill , but the music seemed to lose some of its spontaneity in the process . the jazz represented to me a kind of neo-be-bop that lacked lyrical luster and moving harmonies . jw
this was required reading for my <NUM> year old son and he said : it was boring
even though this movie had good actors in it , i would not recommend it . i especially was turned off by the language and i 'm sorry to say this ended up in my trash and this was a first for me to do that
the original mechanical engineering design book written by joseph shigley , and later , with larry mitchell , was an excellent undergraduate text ; it was readable at the introductory level , and it contained enough information and methodology for use as a good reference book after graduation . unfortunately , this revised text , which was rewritten by charles mischke , is thoroughly unreadable , obfuscating , and is totally unsuitable as a text for undergraduate mechanical engineering students . the book is full of nuances , subtleties and informative data that do make it useful as a reference book on the shelf of an experienced design engineer , but not as a text for students learning the subject . for those who plan to teach a course for mechanical engineering majors on this topic , i recommend other texts such a jack collins ' mechanical design of machine elements and machines , wiley , <NUM>
although it looks the same as the hg wells story and the <NUM> movie , this bastardization of the source material turns a frightening story about man 's nature into a mildly fun sci-fi outing . alexander 's motivation for building the time machine is entirely different , and what he learns 80,000 years in the future could have been deduced by a more probing scientific mind ( that is , if it was used to dealing with less than scientific cinematic time-travel paradoxes ) . so the first half of the movie wreaks havoc on the source material and pales in comparison with the fabulous creativity of the george pal version . we do n't even find out anything about what we are about to see ! but things get worse is in the distant future . although the writing tries to dance around the fact -- they have de-fanged the harsh reality of the eloi and softened the horriffic underpinnings of their naivete . instead of unknowing sheep , they are new-agey world-culture pluralists . the dichotomization of the human race really makes little sense . and there is no rod taylor running about castigating the apathy of his hosts . the only reason why i give the film two stars is because it is one of the only genuine sci-fi films in years , and i found some of the special fx ( the moon ) and jeremy irons , cheesy as they may have been , fun
open theism is just another form of socininism that exists to avoid predestination . sinful man longs to be master of his fate and the determiner of future events . thus the theology that god wills as man wills . god is man 's toady and his task is to bring hapiness and success to his creatures . in return , maybe sinners will give him some love . so let all men be liars , and god be true
this story was probably constructed from a number of real memoirs , other sources like films , and jung 's and the author 's imagination . helmut jung may have been a soldier on the eastern front but what he claims to have seen there owes more to imagination - perhaps the author 's - than reality . units composed of seven foot mongols ? ( p. <NUM> ) . really . in the fifty or so books i have read about the german-russian war nobody else noticed such units . in the same chapter , a description of the capture of a group of female russian soldiers appears to have been lifted from the film version of 'cross of iron ' . there are numerous other elements traceable to other sources throughout ths ridiculous book . avoid wasting money on this 'memoir ' . you will learn nothing about the real experience of combatants on the eastern front that you have n't already read elsewhere .
this movie is no `` heathers . '' it 's not even `` mean girls . '' as hard as it tried to be witty , shocking , dark , and satirical , it just made me want to bang my head against a wall to make the pain of watching it stop . maybe i 'm just too old for this drivel -- although i could watch `` clueless '' and `` the craft '' until my dvd player breaks -- but whatever entertainment value this movie was trying to push , i just did n't get it . the movie was n't funny ( which is sad to say when one of my favorite comedic actresses , carol kane , could n't even elicit a smile out of me ) , the plot was full of holes , and the writing seemed very rushed and contrived . i was n't expecting greatness when i watched jawbreakers , but i was at least hoping for <NUM> 1/2 hours of mindless entertainment . unfortunately , the `` entertainment '' piece was dropped and i was just left with `` mindless .
the cover is interesting , the description on the back makes it seem amazing ! and when i read about <NUM> pages of the book , i 'm in total shock . this is not the book that i had in mind . first of all , this is the ! most ! unrealistic thing i have ever read . as hard as i tried , i could not get into the story . the language is very .. let me say this : it 's complex poetry written in the simplicity for a five year old .
would someone who has read this book please write a review more than <NUM> words long so those of us who have n't read it will have an idea what it is about
i bought this for projection shows for the visuals only and though it has some cool visuals , it also has on screen titles & banners that ruin the visuals
this is horrendous movie . i will never claim it as the movie of my generation . it 's one of the many reasons why i absolutely hate the `` <NUM> 's '' . the others are : breakdancing , the yuppie lifestyle , power hungry businessmen/women , women with manly handshakes , new wave music , and junk movies like this . i know that the main character is nothing less than a manipulator who is only concerned about himself , and what he can get out of life . he ridicules his friend because he 's sick , and does n't feel like driving ferris around ... especially in a ferrari that mysteriously gets lost in the parking garage , so what am i left to believe i have to wonder if this is where ice cube got the inspiration for `` it was a good day '' . i do n't care what decade it was , or what was cool back then , or now manipulating your friends is `` not '' i repeat '' not '' cool . i know with john and johnette q . public this is something of a sexual relase . i could picture private parts of men and women everywhere getting soaking wet from this movie , and i find it so repulsive that everyone out there finds this funny .
you will find the ornithologist james bond 's old employer , philadelphia 's academy of natural sciences does not sell copies of this book . they will sell you herbert raffaele 's updated version of this book instead . why ? because , it is at least from the 1930. it contains information which is seriously dated . not to mention that the pictures are mostly in black and white with only about <NUM> colour plates . the pictures that are contained in the volume are not very representative of the birds you will encounter . this book is acceptable if you intend on bird watching on your caribbean holiday , but we spent much of our time guessing if we were really looking at a bird . yes , you can take a book of eastern us birds with you , but do you want to take a birdwatching library with you on your holiday ? not to mention there are birds which will not show up in a us bird book ( e.g. , bananaquit and parrots ) . you will notice that the most effusive reviews of this book come from fans of ian fleming 's <NUM> , not bird watchers . that is because this book is much more a piece of <NUM> trivia than useful to modern bird watchers . the story of how ian fleming 's agent was named was that fleming was at goldeneye , his jamaican house , and needed a name for the protagonist of his spy novel . fleming wanted a plain name and his eye came upon his copy of james bond 's `` birds of the west indies '' , which fleming described as his bible . fleming thought that james bond would be the perfect name for his spy ( no , audobon would not have been a possibility ) . mr. fleming paid the ornithologist a dollar a year for the privilege of using the name james bond in his novels . serious bird watchers are better served buying herbert raffaele 's updated version of this book or james kavanagh 's `` caribbean birds '' . you could also be sentimental and want this because it was what you used when you were young during the period that this version of `` birds of the west indies '' was the only show in town . in case you have n't guessed , i am both a bird watcher and james bond fan who owns two copies of this book . consider this review with that in mind
only '' , the second single from `` with teeth '' , has something in common with its predecessor -- its of limited value . i picked it up and was pretty disappointed . the single itself , `` only '' , is n't one of the ones i particularly enjoy on the album -- its got a nice enough funky bass line and drum beat , but reznor 's sing-speak `` down in it '' styled vocal grates and the piece does n't particularly hold my interest . certainly it lacks the immediacy of `` down in it '' , and i 'm generally inclined to want reznor to look forward , not backward . the b-sides are n't much better -- the dfa mix of `` the hand that feeds '' is yet another remix , this one pretty much a full techno mix . it 's quite different , replete with an odd panting sample that gets somewhat irritating as the piece never ends ( it rambles on for well over seven minutes ) . the live version of `` love is not enough '' is the only saving grace on the single -- while its not one of the better songs on the record , its decent enough , and live it got bigger . the arrangement is the same , but its more direct and in your face . for the casual listener , skip this one . the fan will be buying it regardless of what i say , but it 's in line with the recent singles , not the older ( and superior ) ones
in hollywood films , kids are mean . they tell their siblings to drop-dead , roll their eyes at dumb-old-dad , barf all over the floor and run away , and always seem to have a snarky come-back for every situation . they are cynical , jaded , suspicious , and totally lacking in innocence ; they represent the worst aspects of adulthood . in my opinion , films like this are like extended sit-coms - although most sit-coms are better written . my family was quite stunned by how nasty everyone was ; there was n't a kind moment anywhere except in the last <NUM> minutes , when syrupy-violins prompt us to recall how much they really `` love eachother '' . if you want to see a film where kids act and talk like real kids , try to get your hands on a british film called `` melody '' , made in the early <NUM> 's . it 'll knock your socks off .
there are two main female characters in the plot : one is a man-eater who will sleep her way to the top ( although she may not even need it because she is good independently ) and the other is the jealous and depressed housewife who gave up her career for the sake of her husband 's . this is a man 's fantasy and nightmare come true in one ; and a boring cliche for all the intelligent and responsible females of the world . to all the hollywood men out there : you ca n't brainwash us anymore with your b/s ; okay ? ?
i could n't get past the first few tales . they left me feeling .... nothing . reading the back of a cereal box would have been more exciting . i would definately not recommend this book . as a fan of earlene fowler and monica ferris . i thought i might enjoy & quot ; the cat who & quot ; series but if this book is any indication of the author 's writing , i 'll pass
i dont understand why they didnt put the videos in like when it was on tv . the videos were the best part ! i asume its because mtv did n't want to pay royalties to the bands , so they called it the `` mike judge collection '' and left them out . uh , that sucks
this movie is the story of a gay cuban writer who eventually makes it to the u.s. to escape the persecution he 's suffered in cuba . and that 's about all that can be inferred from this movie . there are large chunks that are spoken in a different language . but there are no english subtitles so you have no idea at all what 's going on . this disrupts the already choppy flow of the movie so that it has almost no cohesiveness at all . whatever the message of this movie is , whatever it 's trying to convey , it 's lost in the plotless story
why oh why is this in pan and scan only . this is a 2.35:1 framed movie and the well balanced and well composed cinematography is completely ruined on this dvd . about half the movie is missing . i love joshua tree but i wo n't buy this dvd . artisan must understand this simply wo n't do . sadly , the only widescreen version out there is the japanese laserdisc . and that 's long out of print
rest stop ( john shiban , <NUM> ) writer/producer john shiban makes his feature-film directorial debut with rest stop , a slick little thriller that wants to be far more than it actually is . while this is an admirable goal , it 's never possible to fully forget that the movie 's trying a bit too hard . still , it 's a vast improvement over a lot of recent damsel-in-distress flicks . nicole ( watch over me 's jaimie alexander ) and jessie ( joey mendicino in his big-screen debut ) have run away from their small-town texas home and are on their way to los angeles when they pull into a rest stop . after the required bathroom break , nicole comes outside to find jessie has disappeared . she also discovers the rest stop is the home base for a particularly nasty serial killer who 's been picking off young girls there for a very long time . she 's forced into a game of cat and mouse with the guy , and finds herself questioning her sanity more and more as the game goes on . yes , there are plot holes big enough to drive a yellow pickup truck through . and yes , there are some awe-inspiringly stupid moments ( especially the final scene ) that make you wonder whether anyone at the production company actually read the entire script before bankrolling this thing ( i kept thinking it was the filmed equivalent of a novel published by xlibris ) . but shiban was at least trying , and you have to give him a few brownie points for that . i mean , how seriously can you take a movie that casts joey lawrence as a cop ? and how seriously are you supposed to take a movie that features the camper family to be found in the middle of this one ? it 's entirely possible that the most you 'll get out of this movie is a few laughs , a few hours of nitpicking with your buddies , and some awesome eye candy in the for of jaimie alexander . still , that 's a whole lot more than you got from haute tension . *
reading this book was exhausting , confusing , and extremely unsatisfying . sentences and parqagraphs ramble arround with confusing descriptions and conflicting information . some major elements that are introduced are left hanging ; never brought up again . others are revisited ad nauseum . barr 's quirky way of describing people and places with bizarre comparisons slows down the plot and is just missleading . although i did stay with it until the contrived end , this is the first book i ever attacked with a red pen and edited a i went along . i estimate it could have been <NUM> pages shorter , and have carried far more impact , without the extraneous language . i am shocked she sells well enough to have published so many books . i 'd stay far away from her in the future and purify yourself by reading a clasic p.d . james or a pure and simple sue grafton
i see a lot of positive reviews posted here ... the historical luther will not be found in this movie . no doubt the audience is predominantly lutheran . from a secular entertainment point of view , i would agree with them . <NUM> stars . the attention to detail is excellent ; it is well acted , well written , well casted . however , director eric till has made luther into a hero . he was no hero . history reveals the truth that is so glaringly absent in the film . the only thing that rang true was that luther was an anti-establishment , religious zealot reformer , just like jesus , ( only jesus hated gentiles , calling them `` dogs and swine ) . '' i challenge till to make a `` luther part <NUM> , '' using excerpts of luther 's own words below as the script . it smack 's of a hitler biography/// . disclaimer : if you are lutheran , brace yourself . he blatently advocated a slow genocide of the jews . hitler picked up on what luther was throwin ' down ... `` the jewish vermin ... shall have their homes razed ... curfews set ... business banned ... '' etc . this is the luther that is never portrayed . ad hominem or not , how can lutheranism be trusted when it 's founder was such a hateful individual ? the jews and their lies , by martin luther `` i had made up my mind to write no more either about the jews or against them . but since i learned that these miserable and accursed people do not cease to lure to themselves even us , that is , the christians , i have published this little book , so that i might be found among those who opposed such poisonous activities of the jews who warned the christians to be on their guard against them . i would not have believed that a christian could be duped by the jews into taking their exile and wretchedness upon himself . however , the devil is the god of the world , and wherever god 's word is absent he has an easy task , not only with the weak but also with the strong . may god help us . amen . he did not call them abraham 's children , but a `` brood of vipers '' [ matt . 3:7 ] . oh , that was too insulting for the noble blood and race of israel , and they declared , `` he has a demon ' [ matt 11:18 ] . our lord also calls them a `` brood of vipers '' ; furthermore in john <NUM> [ :39,44 ] he states : `` if you were abraham 's children ye would do what abraham did .... you are of your father the devil . it was intolerable to them to hear that they were not abraham 's but the devil 's children , nor can they bear to hear this today . therefore the blind jews are truly stupid fools ... now just behold these miserable , blind , and senseless people . ... their blindness and arrogance are as solid as an iron mountain . learn from this , dear christian , what you are doing if you permit the blind jews to mislead you . then the saying will truly apply , `` when a blind man leads a blind man , both will fall into the pit '' [ cf . luke 6:39 ] . you can not learn anything from them except how to misunderstand the divine commandments ... therefore be on your guard against the jews , knowing that wherever they have their synagogues , nothing is found but a den of devils in which sheer self-glory , conceit , lies , blasphemy , and defaming of god and men are practiced most maliciously and veheming his eyes on them . moreover , they are nothing but thieves and robbers who daily eat no morsel and wear no thread of clothing which they have not stolen and pilfered from us by means of their accursed usury . thus they live from day to day , together with wife and child , by theft and robbery , as arch-thieves and robbers , in the most impenitent security . however , they have not acquired a perfect mastery of the art of lying ; they lie so clumsily and ineptly that anyone who is just a little observant can easily detect it . but for us christians they stand as a terrifying example of god 's wrath . if i had to refute all the other articles of the jewish faith , i should be obliged to write against them as much and for as long a time as they have used for inventing their lies -- that is , longer than two thousand years . ... christ and his word can hardly be recognized because of the great vermin of human ordinances . however , let this suffice for the time being on their lies against doctrine or faith . did i not tell you earlier that a jew is such a noble , precious jewel that god and all the angels dance when he farts ? alas , it can not be anything but the terrible wrath of god which permits anyone to sink into such abysmal , devilish , hellish , insane baseness , envy , and arrogance . if i were to avenge myself on the devil himself i should be unable to wish him such evil and misfortune as god 's wrath inflicts on the jews , compelling them to lie and to blaspheme so monstrously , in violation of their own conscience . anyway , they have their reward for constantly giving god the lie . no , one should toss out these lazy rogues by the seat of their pants . ... but then eject them forever from this country . for , as we have heard , god 's anger with them is so intense that gentle mercy will only tend to make them worse and worse , while sharp mercy will reform them but little . therefore , in any case , away with them ! over and above that we let them get rich on our sweat and blood , while we remain poor and they suck the marrow from our bones . i brief , dear princes and lords , those of you who have jews under your rule -- if my counsel does not please your , find better advice , so that you and we all can be rid of the unbearable , devilish burden of the jews , lest we become guilty sharers before god in the lies , blasphemy , the defamation , and the curses which the mad jews indulge in so freely and wantonly against the person of our lord jesus christ , this dear mother , all christians , all authority , and ourselves . do not grant them protection , safe-conduct , or communion with us .... .with this faithful counsel and warning i wish to cleanse and exonerate my conscience . let the government deal with them in this respect , as i have suggested . but whether the government acts or not , let everyone at least be guided by his own conscience and form for himself a definition or image of a jew . however , we must avoid confirming them in their wanton lying , slandering , cursing , and defaming . nor dare we make ourselves partners in their devilish ranting and raving by shielding and protecting them , by giving them food , drink , and shelter , or by other neighborly acts . therefore we christians , in turn , are obliged not to tolerate their wanton and conscious blasphemy . accordingly , it must and dare not be considered a trifling matter but a most serious one to seek counsel against this and to save our souls from the jews , that is , from the devil and from eternal death . what shall we christians do with this rejected and condemned people , the jews ? since they live among us , we dare not tolerate their conduct , now that we are aware of their lying and reviling and blaspheming . if we do , we become sharers in their lies , cursing and blaspemy . thus we can not extinguish the unquenchable fire of divine wrath , of which the prophets speak , nor can we convert the jews . with prayer and the fear of god we must practice a sharp mercy to see whether we might save at least a few from the glowing flames . we dare not avenge ourselves . vengeance a thousand times worse than we could wish them already has them by the throat . i shall give you my sincere advice : first to set fire to their synagogues or schools and to bury and cover with dirt whatever will not burn , so that no man will ever again see a stone or cinder of them . this is to be done in honor of our lord and of christendom , so that god might see that we are christians , and do not condone or knowingly tolerate such public lying , cursing , and blaspheming of his son and of his christians . for whatever we tolerated in the past unknowingly - and i myself was unaware of it - will be pardoned by god . but if we , now that we are informed , were to protect and shield such a house for the jews , existing right before our very nose , in which they lie about , blaspheme , curse , vilify , and defame christ and us ( as was heard above ) , it would be the same as if we were doing all this and even worse ourselves , as we very well know . second , i advise that their houses also be razed and destroyed . for they pursue in them the same aims as in their synagogues . instead they might be lodged under a roof or in a barn , like the gypsies . this will bring home to them that they are not masters in our country , as they boast , but that they are living in exile and in captivity , as they incessantly wail and lament about us before god . third , i advise that all their prayer books and talmudic writings , in which such idolatry , lies , cursing and blasphemy are taught , be taken from them ... fourth , i advise that their rabbis be forbidden to teach henceforth on pain of loss of life and limb . for they have justly forfeited the right to such an office by holding the poor jews captive with the saying of moses ( deuteronomy <NUM> [ :10 ff . ] ) in which he commands them to obey their teachers on penalty of death , although moses clearly adds : `` what they teach you in accord with the law of the lord . '' those villains ignore that . they wantonly employ the poor people 's obedience contrary to the law of the lord and infuse them with this poison , cursing , and blasphemy . in the same way the pope also held us captive with the declaration in matthew <NUM> [ :18 ] , `` you are peter , '' etc. , inducing us to believe all the lies and deceptions that issued from his devilish mind . he did not teach in accord with the word of god , and therefore he forfeited the right to teach . fifth , i advise that safe-conduct on the highways be abolished completely for the jews . for they have no business in the countryside , since they are not lords , officials , tradesmen , or the like . let they stay at home ... sixth , i advise that usury be prohibited to them , and that all cash and treasure of silver and gold be taken from them and put aside for safekeeping . the reason for such a measure is that , as said above , they have no other means of earning a livelihood than usury , and by it they have stolen and robbed from us all they possess . such money should now be used in no other way than the following : whenever a jew is sincerely converted , he should be handed one hundred , two hundred , or three hundred florins , as personal circumstances may suggest . with this he could set himself up in some occupation for the support of his poor wife and children , and the maintenance of the old or feeble . for such evil gains are cursed if they are not put to use with god 's blessing in a good and worthy cause . seventh , i commend putting a flail , an ax , a hoe , a spade , a distaff , or a spindle into the hands of young , strong jews and jewesses and letting them earn their bread in the sweat of their brow , as was imposed on the children of adam ( gen <NUM> [ :19 ] } . for it is not fitting that they should let us accursed goyim toil in the sweat of our faces while they , the holy people , idle away their time behind the stove , feasting and farting , and on top of all , boasting blasphemously of their lordship over the christians by means of our sweat . no , one should toss out these lazy rogues by the seat of their pants . but what will happen even if we do burn down the jews ' synagogues and forbid them publicly to praise god , to pray , to teach , to utter god 's name ? they will still keep doing it in secret . if we know that they are doing this in secret , it is the same as if they were doing it publicly . for our knowledge of their secret doings and our toleration of them implies that they are not secret after all and thus our conscience is encumbered with it before god . accordingly , it must and dare not be considered a trifling matter but a most serious one to seek counsel against this and to save our souls from the jews , that is , from the devil and from eternal death . my advice , as i said earlier , is : first , that their synagogues be burned down , and that all who are able toss in sulphur and pitch ; it would be good if someone could also throw in some hellfire . that would demonstrate to god our serious resolve and be evidence to all the world that it was in ignorance that we tolerated such houses , in which the jews have reviled god , our dear creator and father , and his son most shamefully up till now but that we have now given them their due reward . i wish and i ask that our rulers who have jewish subjects exercise a sharp mercy toward these wretched people , as suggested above , to see whether this might not help ( though it is doubtful ) . they must act like a good physician who , when gangrene has set in , proceeds without mercy to cut , saw , and burn flesh , veins , bone , and marrow . such a procedure must also be followed in this instance . burn down their synagogues , forbid all that i enumerated earlier , force them to work , and deal harshly with them , as moses did in the wilderness , slaying three thousand lest the whole people perish . they surely do not know what they are doing ; moreover , as people possessed , they do not wish to know it , hear it , or learn it . there it would be wrong to be merciful and confirm them in their conduct . if this does not help we must drive them out like mad dogs , so that we do not become partakers of their abominable blasphemy and all their other vices and thus merit god 's wrath and be damned with them . i have done my duty . now let everyone see to his . i am exonerated . '' my essay , i hope , will furnish a christian ( who in any case has no desire to become a jew ) with enough material not only to defend himself against the blind , venomous jews , but also to become the foe of the jews ' malice , lying , and cursing , and to understand not only that their belief is false but that they are surely possessed by all devils . may christ , our dear lord , convert them mercifully and preserve us steadfastly and immovably in the knowledge of him , which is eternal life . [ <NUM> ]
i 'm reminded of the story of a well-known sf writer who as an experiment tried revising e.e . & quot ; doc & quot ; smith 's galactic epics to remove the obsolete and clunky bits only to find he 'd removed all the fun along with them . it 's only by virtue of not tampering with the original text that benford avoids commiting the same fault but with premeditation . of course & quot ; against the fall of night & quot ; is obsolete sf . that does n't matter . what matters is its atmosphere , and it is this atmosphere that benford rejects systematically and irreverently . clarke might not have objected to the changes , but authors view their works very differently than the readers do
hellogoodbye has a sound that 's really in vogue right now . the problem is they forgot that no amount of 'being hip ' can replace 'tired cliche writing ' . in many regards - most of the songs on the album could have been sung by a female pop group in the 90s and it would have sounded perfectly in place ( especially touchdown turnaround ( do n't give up on me ) which is borderline annoying ) . the band also needs to adopt a more singular sound . the point is an album is supposed to be cohesive , and the swtich from more traditional instrumentations to songs and a purely synth base instrumentation makes the alubm sound like two bands fighting for the attention of the listeners . in many ways , it 's almost as if the band wanted to be both phases of the band depeche mode at once . in case you do n't listen to depeche mode , their early releases were very light and poppy and purely synth base , such as the song `` just ca n't get enough . '' however , at some point ( i usually point it around the single blasphemous rumours ) , the band became much more darker and eventually became a more traditional rock band in the sense that their albums were dominated by guitars . then they went back to synths while keeping the darker sound . the problem is that the band accomplishes neither very well , and even if they did , the two sounds do n't together at once . then comes the lyrics . their songwriter employs cliches and shows that he understands the basics of how to rhyme . for instance , `` everywhere and everytime/ i am yours and you are mine '' from touchdown turnaround . the other lyrics are just as simplistic - just like `` i like where we are/ when we drive in your car '' from here ( in your arms ) . the author does n't know how to express love in a manner that does n't come off as very niave and simplistic , as if stating the obvious makes for great song lyrics . they are not terrible . they just simply are nothing special . it just sounds as if they are taking the hip sound and forgetting what made that sound was hip was quality song writing . and they just do n't bring that to the table . the only thing they bring to the table are two guilty pleasures ... sadly touchdown turnaround and here . if the songwriter can get a bit deeper with his lyrics and the band chooses a sound they could put out a nice piece of pop fluff . as it stands , this album is nothing but fluffy pretentiousness . remember rule # <NUM> of music - it should never sound like you are trying . it should just sound natural . and it sounds like these guys tried hard
let 's face it , tbs wo n't even show this . we 've all seen blood sport <NUM> times on tbs , and it 's good . now , i 've never seen this movie , but looking at the cover , it sucks . there 's no action on the cover . van damme made one good movie , and blood sport was it . now daniel bernhardt tries to jump on and ruins everything . it 's like watching the karate kid iii , after ralphie grew up . do n't read the reviews for this . look at the cover and hit yourself . continue hitting yourself until you realize you were about to make a horrible mistake . you 'd be better spending your money on howard the duck
catherine coulter lets this story get a bit off course . when the hero phillip finds and takes care of sabrina for five days because of her illness and the snow storm leaving them trapped in a hunting cabin . during the time in the cabin he is very attentive and ready to protect her after he finds out her brother-in-law attemped to rape her but failed and still planned to do so later . when philip finally succeeds in getting sabrina to marry him for he compromises her by taking care of her the five days in the hunting cabin . he later becomes so insensitive to her feelings almost one step from being just like her brother-in-law when he physically hits her . i thought she went why off character then . the story redeems itself towards the end . i love her bride series and the calypso series , but this book left me lacking
soft core porn masquerading as art , i did n't even make it through the first half hour of this film . lola 's cute , but it 's still not worth the effort
mostly notorious when it was released in <NUM> for featuring wholesome sitcom star lisa bonet in a sex scene with some nudity ( and thereby supposedly offending bill cosby ) , angel heart has acquired quite a reputation as a cult film since then , some of which is quite deserved for its astonishingly beautiful cinematography and editing . some of the compositions ( particularly two repeated overhead shots of stairwells , one in harlem and one in new orleans ) are among the most stunning of any film from the 1980s , and the set decorations are similarly out of this world . though there 's also mickey rourke 's beautiful youthful face ( pre-boxing injuries ) to be gazed upon , there 's really little else to recommend this movie , even if its big twist at the end catches you unawares : the film is basically constructed as a rebus , with various visual ( seeming ) non sequiturs keying you in to the big narrative surprise at the end . but the big horror moments have almost no suspense built into them , and the acting is fairly shoddy : o'rourke gives a real hambone performance , and bonet must be the dullest voodoo priestess ever to appear onscreen . you know what you 're in for when the characters have names like `` harry angel , '' `` louis cyphre , '' `` toots sweet , '' and `` epiphany proudfoot '' ; even the beautiful look of the film ca n't overcome the shallowness and dispiritedness of the script
kickboxer and/or mark dacascos fans may want to look elsewhere . while kickboxer <NUM> is a bit better than the fourth , that 's about it . there are a few good fight scenes halfway through the movie but then it goes downhill from there . kickboxer <NUM> starts off with david sloan getting murdered by some crimeboss in south africa . mark 's character declares vengence ( what a surprise ! ) and he goes off to find the crimeboss responsible for david 's death with the help of an escaped convict . the final fight scene with mark dacascos and the crimeboss is just as ridiculous as the final fight scene in kickboxer <NUM> . as most direct to video films go , this one does n't deliver overall so if you are one who wants to see the kickboxer series than just stick with the first three movies . trust me on this one
wittgenstein said that the purpose of a popularization is to make people think they understand something they do n't understand . what seems to be a common current of science popularizations is that they `` explain '' things in such a simplified way that the reader who actually wants to get down to brass tacks is completely mystified . einstein 's book on relativity is a case in point , as is this book in which the candid reader is informed that `` objects at rest tend to remain at rest , therefore heavier objects will fall faster in a gravitational field . '' got that ? if so , maybe you can explain it to me . listen , i know something about physics . back in the seventies i built a particle accelerator out of a blow drier and a box of mike and ikes .
i love this guy i think his music is total boss . to bad there ai n't no more okie from masgokie on the tube anymore . i used to sing along to that song in my station wagon all the time . great music from a man of many talents
there was a post from another reviewer about waiting for jams in slot-loading players ... well , here you go . i would love to buy this cd , but i ca n't , because the new fiona apple dualdisc jammed my six-disc rockford fosgate in my <NUM> nissan when i put it in my player in the record store parking lot ! and it took two months to have my cd player replaced . anyone who buys this format must know you are taking a 50-50 chance in damaging your cd player . i had to buy fiona again on itunes and then burn a cd for my car . a real ripoff . i hate giving bruce one star , but this rating will get others to read this post and hopefully not ruin their nissan car stereos
i recently borrowed this as an audiobook from the library because i need something to occupy my mind while i scan microfiche at work ( boooorrring ) . i actually have n't finished this book yet , but up until what i listened to tonight , i had n't made my mind up yet on how i felt about it . i was going to see it though , but now i 'm not sure if i will . i do n't even know where to start about what i do n't like about this book . before starting this book , ms. picoult should have spent a little more time researching laws and procedure regarding kidnappings , especially proceedings following such a great span of time . i 'll be the first to admit that i do n't know much about law , but it seems quite unrealistic that delia 's father andrew hopkins ( or should i say charles matthews ? ) would be placed in maximum security prison in a matter of a week . i find it hard to believe that on his first day , he would get beaten and practically raped ( i ca n't remember if he was or not ) . i could be wrong , but if <NUM> years have passed , would n't the statute of limitations passed , and even if they had n't , would n't the mother need to press charges in order for anything to happen ? and would n't it mean something that they were in a different state ? now , even though everyone else seemed to love her , delia was incredibly annoying ( and the actress who read her `` monologues '' in the audio version was equally annoying ) . women authors tend to make their female protagonists characters that supposedly have a lot of depth that usually have several men in love with her . i have seen many women in real life who pretend that they have this effect on men , but rarely ever do . it just seems like a fantasy of picoults , and a very boring one at that . ah , a love triangle , gee , like that 's never been done before . one instance that sticks out is when delia gets upset that eric ( her fiancee and her fathers attorney ) does n't tell her about a court appearing , however , eric did n't even find out until ten minutes before it was about to happen . but , even the premise for that is questionable : would that really happen ? i mean seriously ! i also hated how the book shifted `` voices '' -- this is not a play , i do n't want to read monologues describing the same events from a different perspective . i did n't feel as though it was necessary to divide this book into several characters . i half expected a chapter to be from sophie ( delia 's four year old daughter ) perspective . i could really do without the exaggerated and unrealistic jail scenes or the indian lore . i also hated how the entire book seemed to be composed of different memories or thoughts that really made no sense , and then later incorporated into the passage , also not making sense . for example , eric narrates this dream he had about sondra , who is some beautiful girl he imagined . she turns into a rabbit and runs into a bush . later , ruthann tells a story about a rabbit that shoots the sun with a bow and arrow and causes the earth to burn up . somehow he connects the two because of the rabbit , when really they have no cohesive connection . also , between the three childhood friends ( delia , eric and fitz ) they talk about their memories constantly , as if that is the only thing that binds them together . real friendships do n't compromise of only discussing things that happened to them in the past ... but it does in this book , because the author so desperately wants you to know that they are a really close group of friends . to me , it just seems pretentious . what 's also pretentious is the various passages that are supposed to reveal some new idea about life but really make no sense at all . one passage i remember is when delia is talking to fitz about memories and she suggests that maybe everyone has the same memories already in the head from when they are born , and maybe they remember things that never happened to them . i might have that a little wrong , because it 's a bit confusing . it 's confusing because it makes absolutely no sense . it does n't even feel like it 's remotely trying to make sense at all ! the book is full of little things like this that just feel pseudo-intellectual , like picoult is forcing her characters to have depth when they really want to be stereotypical . all of the characters seem a little edgy and totally basket cases . delia gets incredibly upset for not remembering what her life was when she was four years old . for goodness sakes woman , i have maybe <NUM> or <NUM> memories from when i was four years old or younger , and most of them do n't make sense except for the fact that i know what my parents have told me . by the way she acts , you 'd think she was <NUM> when she was kidnapped . also , she seems to recover memories all the time ... man , i wish i could do that . it just seems a bit implausible , that 's all . the book is saturated in gooey , sappy imagery , metaphors , anecdotes , memories , subplots , and so on . i am not so quick to totally bash an author , but it 's this type of pretentious writernese dribble that i loathe . if i wanted some sappy , melodramatic dimestore paperback i would have read one of those instead . i expected better from the synopsis on the back cover . overall , and i say overall without even finishing the book ( i have n't even gotten to the meth lab part with the father yet , but it sounds pretty ridiculous ) , that this is definitely one of the most horrible books i 've ever read , bar none . do yourself a favor and skip this one ... and definitely do n't pick up the audiobook . the voice actors and actresses are incredibly annoying to listen to
truly it is . i watched it once , and then just yesterday and it still was painful to watch . not because of the acting necessarily , although i think kidman is one lousy actress in any of her films and this one is no exception . but the story ... what happened ? seriously in the beginning it 's not so bad . yet the middle and end begin to terribly fall apart- especially since in one scene they 're saying one thing and then saying a completely other thing in another scene . basically we 're pulled along it seems to either the wives being robots like the old film says- and then we 're told it was just really chips in their brain making them housewives ? and somehow the chips disappear in the end and they become their real selves again ? then they make a real huge twist in the end which i guess i should n't give away but is just real tacky i think . just ... a mess of a film . i do n't know what happened , but it really fell apart in no time . if you 're interested in the story , then watch the old one- that sticks to their story all the way through very well . this remake though avoid seriously . 1/
i am a fashion designer who was looking for some good resource books to help with figure-appropriate designs . i came across this book after a long search and thought i had found gold . unfortunately , it was not what i expected . i was really disappointed with the line sketches used to explain clothing choices and found those designs to be very outdated- especially considering the second printing was in <NUM> . for example , i could not disagree more with the advice for rectangular-shaped women- that they should opt for sack dresses that ignore the waist , rather than trying to create one . the chapters on jewlery choices and color charts were equally useless . i would not recommend this book to any fashion designer looking for figure-flattering design elements . `` dress your best '' by stacy london and clinton kelly is by far a better choice- especially considering the price
some reviews have suggested that this is not the ideal first purchase for the un-inititiated . i am writing to confirm that assertion . i have read enough raving reviews about their subsequent releases to know that it really does get better from here , but what a disappointment this album was for me . it sounds like what you would hear coming from the garage next door . my advice to the kids would be to keep practing and please turn it down . jack 's appreciation of the blues is admirable , but only realised on the song `` i fought piranhas '' . tellingly , this is the final song on the album . otherwise the songs are forgettable and even annoying at times .
i purchased the winter solstice vol # <NUM> thinking that it would be as good as the rest , was i disappointed . tracks 5,6,7,10,11.13 are atrocious , the rest of the tracks are good.i cant get to my cd player fast enough to skip over them when they start playing.i now sample every song on the cds and dont take for granted that all winter solstices are created equal.people , please start giving honest reviews and stop the false advertisement
aside from having what is possibly the most laughably awful name for a band i 've ever heard , these guys just really do n't do it for me . a lot of the music is fairly decent , but the singer is just incredibly annoying . now , i am certainly not a stickler on vocal perfection , but this dude is really bad . i 've heard drunk guys in karaoke bars that i 'd rather listen to . but like i said , the band overall is n't completely terrible . they 're decent musicians , and i like a lot of the music , but i just really can not get around that singer . ordinarily , it 's not a good idea to judge a band by their name , but um ... this is n't one of those times
sally edwards is an impressive athlete , that 's why i bought her book . i was looking for tips from a former ironwoman . what i got was a book geared toward women who are just beginning a fitness program , not serious athletes who are training for triathlons . this book is chock-full of really bad advice ( `` if you do n't have a hrm , put down this book and go buy the best one you can afford '' ) and completely inadequate training schedules ( for endurance training , she recommends <NUM> minutes to 1.75 hours of training per week ! ) , this book was a major disapointment . edwards should have given her book a more realistic title and marketed it to the weight-loss crowd , not serious female athletes looking for good advice . joe friel 's `` triathlete 's training bible '' is a much better choice for serious athletes . if you want to look better in a bathing suit and have impressive stories for your friends at work , this book is fine
i saw this movie 'cause i was interested to see cathy rigby , & quot ; who was born to play peter pan & quot ; . i hated it a lot . so , now i am in a high school production of peter pan , and i happend to see the mary martin version , and the mary martain cd . i loved it ! then i realized that 'peter pan ' is not a bad musical at all . cathy rigby and the & quot ; crew & quot ; were making it bad . i have no idea why they think cathy rigby is the greatest thing since sliced bread . do n't believe them . she is n't . she sounded like she was a stuiped little brat that just wanted to rot the rest of his [ her ] time just sitting in a dark corner carving forks while on the other hand , mary martain sounds all cheerful , fun , and real . i reccomend mary martain 's video and cd . i say no more
buena vista ( the company that releases disney films on dvd ) chose to not release anamorphic dvds when they first came to dvd , so none of these films are anamorphically enhanced . this means , if you have a widescreen television , you will have black bars on all four sides of the picture . also , these discs are absolutely barebones , only featuring a dolby 2.0 soundtrack and a 1.85:1 widescreen presentation . where are the extras ? ! i do n't know about you guys , but i am a mighty duck fan who is disappointed by the dvd release of this film
okay- i know that this is a seminal work re : the middle east , but it is as dry as any other history text that you might find on the shelves of middleeast <NUM> . in comparison to price of honor or other more reader friendly texts that in my opinion carry as much critical information about the volatile region , it pales in comparison
this is a philosophy book . there is almost nothing about natural selection and not much more about religion , just plenty of standard philosophy loosely connected to a condemnation of current western culture and its supposed pseudoscience sustenance . midgley uses the term 'evolution ' to mean the philosophizing of scientists and science writers . as religion too is human philosophizing it is hardly difficult to make the two converge . this 'evolution ' midgley citicizes as being too human-centred . as there is nothing more human-centred than the social sciences , humanities and religion and this 'evolution ' is really philosophy then it is an empty criticism . only the physical sciences look beyond humans but this is unacknowledged . she is , though , correct in saying that natural selection is not about progress up a ladder nor about a hostile , doom and gloom world . other than this her grasp of biology is suspect eg she asks how genes can be selfish when they die when the cells they are in die ! ! ! ! ! no wonder the excellent work of people such as dawkins is beyond her grasp if she does not understand the connection between body cells and germ-line cells . though i generally agree with midgley 's concerns about competitive greed and the destruction of our planet i think she is wrong to blame science , pseudoscience or sociobiology and to disconnect people in modern western culture from their ancestors and their cousins in other cultures . she is clearly out of her depth when it comes to biology , at least . with a statement that evolution is the creation myth of our age plus the eye-catching mistitle of this book midgley is far more guilty of hyperbole and melodrama and potentially far more misguided and damaging than , for example , dawkins when he used the 'as if ' selfish gene perspective . there are a few interesting discussions of works by scientists and philosophers but , especially for the science writers she criticizes , i would very much recommend people read the books themselves and not simply accept midgley 's views on them .
my main interest in reading the book was for the information about the nazi fascination with the occult . i was hoping for something as stimulating as mel gordon 's hanussen : hitler 's jewish clairvoyant . i was greatly disappointed . christopher hale 's himmler 's crusade does n't really deliver what it promises . hale basically pooh-poohs anything connected with the occult , asserts that only himmler took such notions seriously ( but was indulged by those seeking favors from him ) and then moves on to other matters . the book draws no real conclusion other than `` nazis were evil , '' which it pounds repeatedly throughout the book . ( i think i knew that before i even started reading the book . ) hale never seems to be sure of exactly which story he is telling . for a while it seems as though the book is about schaeffer , who led the expedition , then toward the end , it drops him altogether and starts giving detailed biographical information about other members of the expedition ( and the people with whom they interacted ) . the author goes off on lots of tangents , giving unessential details about minor figures and events that had little bearing on the main story . after having invested several weeks in reading the book , i am not sure what the point of it was . the most interesting parts of the book were those that took place in tibet , but the trip to tibet actually takes up only about half the book . the rest is a long-winded recounting of the rise and fall of nazism . it seems to me that here we have yet another book written by someone completely lacking a literary sensibility . the author , christopher hale , is a british tv documentarist . this book is an appendix to his tv show . i found it very difficult reading . in addition to its lack of focus , i just do n't think hale is very comfortable with the printed word . there are pages and pages wherein it seems he is giving verbal descriptions of documentary film footage . perhaps his tv show was interesting , but the book was a chore to read . in addition , the author has this maddening habit of inserting inflammatory opinions into his narrative , apropos of nothing and lacking supporting evidence . several times throughout the book , the author , a briton , makes outlandish parallels between america and nazi germany , which he does n't bother to back up ( because he ca n't ) . perhaps one can get away with this in a tv documentary , but not in a book , where the reader can back up and say , `` wait a minute . that 's a bunch of crap . where is the evidence are you basing that statement on ? '' the book is also rife with typographical errors ( some of them giving an unintentional double entendre when for example `` role '' is spelled `` roll '' ) and misusages of words . it appears to have not been edited at all . i give this book one and a half stars , but let 's round it off to two just for the research the author has done . ( his bibliography is probably of a lot more use than the book . ) i just wish he had been able to put all this research into a more coherent form and told it in a way that was more comprehensible and more interesting
i bought this book because of all of the good reviews . i was not impressed . first of all , the writing is mediocre at best . the stories offer little in the way of meaningful character development and delve right into poorly worded sex scenes . the first three stories i read were about anal sex , watching your wife give another man oral sex and humiliating your husband by tying him up and ball-gagging him then penetrating him with a strap on . to be honest these stories turned me off and i 'll be returning the book . save your money this is not good
if your teaching a class on feminist political correctness this is the book for you . this book provides lots of racial , ethnic , geographic and sexual identity diversity , but its pretty thin on the great book part . the overwhelming majority of the <NUM> books are from the 20th century and yet there is not one reference to gina berriault that i could find . perhaps her political credentials were not good enough ; all she can do is write great fiction . if you really want to read a great book written by a woman , then read the lights of earth , or women in their beds by gina berriault
`` i ca n't believe they named me after that book -- it 's so sexist ! '' after amelie , where she was a delight , as well as open-minded , at should have passed on this loser ! political correctness is just intolerance by another name ! but you ca n't tell a liberal that ! it 's bad here in usa but i suppose the french must be the worst ? they have fined bardot for merely expressing her opinions that muslims are barbaric ! talk about intolerant .
off-hand , i ca n't think of a worse movie . ( and i think nicolas cage has done some truly awesome work in other films -- hey , he 's making a buck , here . ) that 's all . 1/32 star , if possible
my impression was that this tape contained the most basic ideas that author 's in this subject matter have ever presented . for eg. , & quot ; people crossing hands in front of their chest means that they are n't accepting what you are telling them. & quot ; that is the most typical statement i have ever heard , and this tape is full of them . there is nothing enlightening , nothing that makes you glad that you bought and listened to the tape . i felt it was not good use of time or money . fo
living legends was good but did you think that puffy was going to let this legendary duo out of memphis make another album without a harmful pop vibe attached to it ? you dont know pus daddy very well . relax and take notes , cruisin , runnin out of bud , get low and stand up are the only tracks that are worth checking out . this is the rest of the album . filler : ridin high ( fruity commercial joint , sounds forced , i hate puffy so much right now ) , <NUM> rocks ( the hook doesnt make any sense plus who told diddy kong it was cool to bust a verse ? ) , hickory dickory dock ( worst hook since ....... yung joc 's i know you see it ! ) , clap on ( speak of the devil , dumb joc makes a lame appearance on this dead track ) , memphis ( sampling a hillbilly tune ? who let them do it ? the worst ode to a city ever ) , alcohol p * * * * and weed ( worst hook next to hickory dickory dock ) etc . bottom line : this is the worst album ball & g ever made . their rhymes and hooks for most of the songs were weak and their guest appearances were pretty tame . signing with puffy at the time might have been a good look for them now its a negative look for them . puff dookie cant stand to have rappers on his label that are not as commercial and pop as he is . if the first boyz n da hood was alright you can almost imagine how bad the next one is going to sound . support every album eightball and mjg made on suavehouse records ( including in our lifetime , their best album ) and stay away from this train wreck of an album .
my thanks to mr. guare . had he not portrayed the rich as fatuous dupes , i might still envy them
at a time when fine music is fighting for its life , haroncourt delivers this . the sound is crystalline . every voice is heard . the performance is dead , dead , dead . for the good of music , harononcourt should remove the key that winds his clockwork heart and throw it away . this is the most lifeless performance of the mozart requiem on disk . many more like this and classical music will be dead -- it can take only so many defeats
i thought this would be a list of adult grahic novels , like those of harvey pekar . a few were , but many were for children or comic book collectors . i do not think some of them really qualify as graphic novels . from the term `` your library '' i understood my own personal library , but seems it is for public librarians serving a mixed public . fine , but i did not see that in the editorial description
goodfellas is a classic `` cult `` movie and there is no doubt about it.but sorry when it comes to talk about high definition the rating goes to <NUM> stars maximum . there is nothing to be amazed in the hd transfer of this movie because purely and simply there is no hd such a 3d lookalike pictures , deep contrast etc ... it seems hd need today 's technology to render effects . in comparaison `` ray `` is rendering all the amazing good things of hd in pictures and sound
i bought this cd cuz i love the black betty tune ... w/great expectation i figured their other material was gon na blow me away ... wrong ... ram jam should have named themselves rip-off jam .... after listening to this cd i have concluded that they didnt't have an original bone in their bodies ... the songs were a mishmash of blatant allman/skynyrd/blackfoot attempts ... the vocals were without energy or feel ... i can understand why they wernt sucessful where others were
i have been waiting on <NUM> cd 's for almost two months . i am yet to receive `` journey of a gemini '' , or `` blue collar music '' . if possible , can i be reimbursed , or sent another copy of each cd . please let me know . thank you .
kwok is on fire in this movie with maybe his best physical performance ever . he looks like a pop star but his acting is actually very good . unfortunately , his performance is completely wasted in a movie this bad . i wo n't explain the story , it is cops vs. drug dealers . there is a beautiful fighting female , good car chases , big name stars , and good fights . how did this movie go wrong ? well , stanley tong is a decent director , but he is a stuntman , screen fighter , and martial arts choreographer at heart . he tries to make this an american movie but he disregards everything that gives feeling to movies . i cracked a smile more than a few times but this is the most mindless modern day film i have seen in a long time . usually , i am able to get past all of this since i am a sucker for good fight scenes , and this movie does have a few . highlights to watch for are ken lo vs. marc dacoscos and dacoscos vs. everyone in the final fight . the thing that ruins this movie is that the real final fight never finishes , but instead it moves on to a totally ridiculous fight to finish off the movie . 'cradle to the grave ' has a better end fight ! stanley tong must have been out of his mind because in the finale , coolio ends up as the main opponent . not ken lo who is the leg fighter that faces jackie chan at the end of 'drunken master <NUM> ' , and not marc dacoscos who is one of the very best modern day martial arts actors , but coolio . i honestly thought this was a good cheesy movie , but the final fight sequence is just horrible . stanley tong comes up with a great idea having the actors fighting on a huge piece of glass hundreds of feet in the air and they have to keep their balance while they fight . it is just too bad coolio had to ruin it . 2.5/5 dvd from dimension home video has good sound and picture quality . no special features except the outtakes in the credits which was a much more satisfying end to the movie .
sorry but this album is nothing compared to the original by andrew . the depth of voice of the lead singer is lacking and the orcherster is half a sleep i was very disapointed by this album . i strongly reccomend the orignal instead
good thing saving the would does n't depend on weather barry manilow can swing . because we 'd all be in deep sh * t. manilow is not capable of swinging , he does n't have a swingin ' bone in his body . he sounds like he ca n't keep up with the ebergy of the band . manilow is the last person on earth who should be singing with a big band . barley man enough just does n't pull this off . too bad ..
frank zappa had a title that is apt for this norman brown cd ; shut up & play your guitar ! pop arrangements , lots of vocals , and drum machine . no jazz here . he is an awesome guitar player , and i really like his earlier cd 's . do yourself a favor and skip this cd
this a dreadful example of what jayne was reduced to play in to feed her children and compensate for the lack of earnings of her deadbeat-husbands/lovers . the only reason to watch it would be because mamie van doren was also in it.but be aware ( and i read that in a biography about jayne ) that in their contracts was specified that they would not appear together in any scene whatsoever.so you see them separately in different scenes.also be aware that if you blink , you will not see either of the <NUM> blonde beauties . conclusion : get this film for a member of your family who is nostalgic for the ways of the `` ol ' south ' , or someone with a white hood showing his eyes onl
my friend and i randomly found this movie at the rental place and were in for a good laugh , so we rented it . we were right when we were looking for a laugh . it was probably the worst acting i 've ever seen . not to mention , completely plotless . the whole idea behind this movie is ridiculous ; from the zen-like janitor to the 'popstar 's greatest fear : taking a math test . please buy or rent this movie . its horrible nature seriously entertains
first , the content is not well-organized . tv programs and tv memories are generational , so it does n't make sense to mix images from the 50s-90s together . second , the photographs have little impact . the book itself is rather small , and some pages contain clusters of small photos that compete for your attention . third , there is little interesting commentary . a good nostalgia book should describe how pop culture and society influenced each other . this little book does n't begin to do justice to the most powerful medium of our age
i never thought movie criminals could be dumber than the ones in `` dead presidents , '' but the kidnapping-for-drug-money plan in this movie was absolutely worse . as soon as i saw where this movie was going , i just shook my head and watched the idiots go ( i 'm talking about the characters -- not the real actors ) . this movie was pretty silly to me . timberlake was an absolutely terrible thug , and two people had forewarned me of this , but i figured i 'd see for myself . every time i heard him curse and glanced at his tattoos , i laughed louder . his friends were even more entertaining ; a bunch of suburban kids who thought being kidnapped was cool ; a guy so high out of his mind that he did n't realize up from down ; and the ransom kid who was so excited to be in a `` criminal '' scene that he completely seemed to forget he was in danger . i do n't know where the movie stores will put this one when it comes out on sale , but it really should go into the comedy section . the scene where they go `` buddy , buddy , buddy '' made my stomach hurt from laughing at that goofiness . i 'm sure that 'll be copied off of in high schools everywhere . the thing is that the actual plot of the story ( with different actors and without the druggies ) would 've been great ; but the people who played the roles were absolutely so out of touch to the point where it looked like i was watching a vanilla ice video , or something close to it . i would 've given it more stars if the movie was meant to be a parody on drug dealing , but from the previews , it sounds like the company was going for a drama . cons : i could 've gone without hearing the constant racial slurs in this movie . it annoys me when people of the culture say it ; so it definitely annoyed the hell out of me to hear several characters use certain words . i did n't find that at all funny .
i agree with the reviewer who said this work is boring . it seems roth is trying to glorify philip roth and not the characters . he goes on and on describing the overwhelming feelings zuckermann has for `` the swede '' , without letting us know who the swede really is . roth should let the characters tell the story or try to use less erudition in his narration . it gets to the point where the reader loses interest in finishing the book . i loved the plot against american because it was more character based than philosophizing about about the historical context of the times
seasons one , two , three : `` go man , go ! '' season four : the one to forego . speaking as a fan who was first stupefied ( amazed ; astonished ) by bob and david back when they were the kings of megaphone crooning ( `` people did n't want to hear songs about things that had n't even been invented yet ! they wanted to hear songs about new things . `` ) , that is , speaking as the rare fanatic , the rare `` mister mr. show '' raising his voice on amazon who laughs just as hard at the good g rated sketches as he does at the good nc-17 rated sketches , i find `` season four '' the most generous sampling of limp and lifeless ms sketches available in one package . funnyguy bob odenkirk , reputedly a rather gruff fellow in real life , says that four was the season when `` well-crafted '' sketches were `` in '' , `` absurdity for absurdity 's sake '' was `` out '' . no longer , he claims , was mr. show a comedy show best appreciated by other comedy writers . translation : they dumbed it down for the audience ( and/or : horsing around in the writers ' room suddenly earned you an hour in a pointy hat , facing the corner ) . enticing as the term is , `` well-crafted '' here seems to mean `` warmed over snl type stuff '' , as in : spicing up the world 's 1000th jerry springer takeoff by setting it on a lifeboat ( momentarily forgetting that incongruity usually works best when it is `` funny '' incongruity ) and ladling on the same gay panic , the same class anxiety that makes the real springer show such a howl . overall , ms4 's concepts become less novel , less thinky , less left-field-funny , with a stronger than ever reliance on the tried and true . what i mean is : a stronger than ever reliance on stoopid-guy raunch humor . but at least sgrh is a species of comedy . i have n't nailed down a label for what fills the cracks and crannies , and accounts for at least <NUM> % of of the ones and zeroes on these here digital donuts . excelsior ? ( ex-cel-si-or ( n. ) slender , curved wood shavings used especially for packing ( originally a trademark ) ) . this set did make me grin a few times -- over the course of five and a half hours . one , and only one , sketch makes me laugh out loud : the phenomenon of `` monster parties '' ( as documented in novelty songs such as `` halloween shindig '' , `` dracula 's pajama party '' and the like ) examined with pitch-perfect tabloid tv grammar . original , bent premise anchored by yet another simultaneously vicious and sympathetic david cross performance . for the most part , the gang seems tired , like they 're having an exhausting time at this point telling funny from not-funny . surely , anyone who makes a living intuiting what will make people laugh must at one time or another come to such a pass .
it seems as though the smooth jazz artist are trying to attract the r & b listener . the cd was done in poor taste and the songs lack creativity as well originality . too many vocals . i would rather here him play his wonderful guitar . i love norman brown but it seems as though he just through this together
this movie was a complete letdown . they tried to cross cujo with the terminator . interesting concept , but the script completely lacks any real oomph . awful film . lance henriksen deserved better
i 'm sorry i wasted the money . i can see by the reviews you either love it or hate it . i 'm not squeamish by nature , but this book is one continuous torture fest which not only targets human victims , but animals as well . three quarter 's way through , when i realized this indeed was the premise from beginning to end , i started skipping these parts ( which got me to the last page quite quickly ) . i was bored and disgusted with the author . i believe he had a sick fetish and lived them out through these pages . in the end my eyeballs got six-pack abs from rollng around so much . this book is going on my `` do not lend '' shelf as i value my friends and would n't consider them subjecting them to such gory nonsense .
i 'm giving this one star because `` zero stars '' is n't an option . there 's not a whole lot of dylan in this , and the `` home movies '' are just what you 'd expect from the days of 8mm film : grainy , blurry , black and white films from the tour ... not `` of the tour '' , just from the tour . tourist kind of stuff , with a lot of the back of dylan 's head , and every once in awhile he 'll turn around - which is why my friend has retitled this dvd `` glimpses of bob '' . and listening to mickey jones reminisce about his glory days of <NUM> years ago is kind of tedious ; mickey 's looking like he 's seen better days . save your money up and get `` no direction home '' , much more entertaining and informative
by far nothing comparable to javier solis . not taking anything away from the tenor of opera not ranchera ... lets leave the rancheras for those who are gifted in its style . you want real rancheras listen to mr. javier solis
most first novels really are not that great but usually when an author produces a sequal there is a definate improvement but i found no such improvement when trying to read this one . i figured i owed the author a second chance by reading his second novel . what can i say , for all the hype , this book is typical of many published this day by members of the self styled 'creative class ' . politically correct . as subtle as a hammer . as narrow minded as the generation that the author condemns except far less productive and much less imaginative . hardly any good . truth is i found it rather juvenile . in my my mind i found myself editing out the excess wordage . perhaps half could be deleted without effecting the story . there really is n't much here . indeed it is n't a good story . no challenge to the reader at all . blow away the baddies with modern super technology which to make it sporting the baddies are allowed to have some of . it has all the defects of the first book compounded . toss it .
i got the above title from another vender and they were not able to send this one and this is absolutly the best rockabilly on record/cd . columbia records was not known for their rock and roll in the <NUM> 's and if this is not rock and roll i do n't know what is . get this cd and the companion `` ai n't i 'm a dog '' . you 'll be glad you did
this is my first time in this forum i 've seen the film of the 2nd disc and i found the copy ... not only bad but unnoticeable as a miracle the last three fellows have seen the copy in good conditions . it is possible that fox home video have changed and made new copies of the 2nd disc . if this is not true it is possible that they have discovered a fantastic ophtalmologist . i choose the first option . are you so kind -via fox- to inform us how to change the bad copies in order to have all the collection in good conditions ? yours r
this book is really geared toward women who are into feminism . all the quotes in the book are from women in her groups . if you 're not into the female-identity world , pick another book
i listened to cd and i dont know how to explain this cd . i cant really explain to well i guess , but i 'll try . the problem i had was the swearing . i usually dont have a problem with swearing , but the way this band did it ruined the cd . it seemed like every other word in the songs are f $ % * . it sounded like they tried to damn hard to impress the youth by doing this . the cd held nothing speical at all , not what i really wanted to hear in a metal cd . if you want really inspiring music go and listen to a hatebreed cd . this cd is alright , but the swearing was so stupid and out of place . ha ! thats what i meant to say , the swearing just seemed random and out of place . thats what the problem with the cd was . just add it here and there , not every other word . probably would have been a better cd that way . to fans fo throwdown , please do complain . everyone has an opinion and that is mine .
i love il divo but very disappointed with this cd . it 's very short and a repeat of songs in previous releases
when i heard the song `` i wo n't stand in line '' i thought to myself ... neither will i ... meaning `` i wo n't stand in line '' to buy any of this lady 's music ! ! this cd has some of the worst songs i 've ever heard in my life like the one above , `` i would n't wan na be you '' , and `` everything you want '' . `` why have n't i heard from you '' gets on my last nerve ! ! there really is not much redeemable about this release . its got a nice cover with a flattering picture of reba on the front of it but that 's about it ! ! read my mind .... it stinks !
in this book , the author tries to encourage americans to forget the declaration of independence because even though a plurality of men have rights , the rights of individuals have never been identified . so , the author becomes a member of marilyn ferguson 's aquarian conspiracy and the new age movement , which place individuals above ` the people ' of the usa and its union . on p. <NUM> , the author says that the truth or falsities of the natural rights philosophy of the declaration of independence is a meaningless question . while the author 's conclusions can be challenged , his book has been out-dated by advanced knowledge . first , his writing is out-dated by the <NUM> discovery that ' all empirical data are symbolic . ' thus , one must ask , 'how can the meaning of the declaration of independence become a meaningless when the declaration is formed out of symbols that must be given meaning in order to interpret it correctly ? second , modern science has recently led to the scientific proof of god 's existence . how can man have no natural rights if god exists ? if the author 's succeeding generations are accepting this book , the usa is in deep trouble .
jonathan safran foer 's book is a truly literary work and this movie is not a book . and , as many have already said in amazon 's ratings , this movie is not like foer 's book . it is , unfailingly , cinema and with that in mind it should be judge upon cinematic criteria . thus , although i will grant the impressive visual beauty of this movie ( the cinematographer captures an oddity , serenity , and disturbance ) i can not agree with those who give it high marks . the plot is sparse , as is much of the character development . i am especially disappointed with the portrayal of alex and his grandfather . i found myself empathizing little with the grandfather or alex in the movie 's final dramatic scenes . the grandfather 's emotional turmoil seems underdeveloped as does alex 's reaction to his grandfather 's action . morevover , the parallels between the jsf character and the ukranian characters seem forced . the only things they share are contrived connections in the narrative 's backstory . overall , i felt untouched by this movie . and one last note , why is it even called `` everything is illuminated ? '' that title illuminates little within the movie
after reading the editor 's review i was ready to dismiss this movie even as a huge buffy / angel / bones fan . then i read all the other reviews and reconsidered . editors often pan movies i end up liking , so i thought i 'd try it . i 'm actually somewhat surprised that i did n't just give up halfway through . this movie was terrible . the plot was idiotic , the three girls annoying , and it was n't worth watching even to just see david on the screen . go with the editor 's review and stay away - especially if your a boreanaz fan ! what bet did he lose to be forced to do this role ? ! ?
this book takes too long to get to the point and repeat it at least <NUM> times ! the author should take a course in the art of writing educational books !
the synopsis on the back cover of saturday overpromises by several light years when it alludes to perowne 's fight to `` preserve the life that is dear to him . '' i was n't exactly hoping for an episode of `` <NUM> , '' but why write a book with the single-day gimmick if nothing much happens in that day ( save for a few minutes of terror ) ? as noted by other reviewers , easily three-quarters of this story is perowne ruminating and offering painfully minute details of his priviledged life . even when there is some tension and action , mcewan ruins it slathering the moment in maudlin narration . i just wanted something to happen , rather than to hear any more about his squash game and fish stew . in fact , here 's my ugly little confession : by the end of this book , i was rooting for the neurologically doomed thug to off the entire insipid family , grandpa the drunken poet , junior the clapton wannabe , the whole lot . if mcewan decides to write `` sunday , '' we can only hope that the burning plane * is * full of chechen terrorists , headed right for chez perowne
let 's face it folks this is not a rock album that everyone believes it is . i will start by saying i did n't play the <NUM> second snippet for `` all i want to do '' because i knew it was already a lost cause , the rest were all just as bad . there are only <NUM> songs that may be a little bit o.k . and they are `` ca n't cry anymore '' , and `` we do what we can '' . i just feel that this was a pop album all the way even though it has a rock edge do n't be decieved . i do n't know what she 's like , or anything like that , but i do know she 's beautiful , but while talented it 's not the music i seek to listen to .
this is just plain boring swing , there is no zing in the arrangements to make it special , or worth listening to more than once , this went straight from the cd player , into the waste basket . not even one good uptempo song on the whole set . boo
... and i 'm a charlap fan . high hopes . but this recording , though given star treatment/art department/high gloss packaging with liner notes by playwright john guare , is listless and uninspiring . yes , nicely arranged and all that , but airless . it never breathes ; it rarely swings ... a couple new chord interpolations , one tempo surprise , one or two harmonic sparks -- way too few and far between to recommend . pastel . pleasant . but miles from jazz . if you want to hear bernstein songs in a & quot ; nice & quot ; piano trio format with few challenging ideas , this is for you . bill evans is the standard for & quot ; lucky to be me & quot ; and & quot ; some other time. & quot ; oscar peterson / andre previn for the & quot ; west side & quot ; soundtrack . much promise goes unfulfilled here ..
it starts out well but half-way through , it loses its direction and suffers an identity crisis . avoidable
i tried . i really tried , but i was simply incapable of getting into this program . the lead character in nighty night is so thoroughly , contemptably self-centered and unlikable she makes larry david in curb your enthusiasm seem like a big cuddly teddy bear . this is a person who has not had an unselfish thought for another human being in her entire life . she 's also insane . completely . and not in a cute or funny way . she dose n't live in this world . she lives in one where the entire universe revolves around her , making it entirely acceptable for her to say or do anything no matter how ludicrous , dishonest or rude . she literaly has no idea she 's a monster . i can see how that could be funny but not with this show 's incredibly dry , lifeless presentation . i never thought i 'd say this but nighty night could actually use a laugh track to let us know when the producers think we 're supposed to laugh . and i hate laugh tracks .
i received what looked like a nicely preserved used copy . the book literally fell apart from the binding the first time i read it . it continued to come unglued from the binding each time i attempted to read it . not a good quality copy . would not purchase from this supplier agai
i like to use the amazon reviews when purchasing books , especially alert for dissenting perceptions about higly rated items , which usually disuades me from a selection . so i offer this review that seriously questions the popularity of this work - i found it smug , self-serving and self-indulgent , written by a person with little or no empathy , especially for the people he castigates . for example , his portrayal of the family therapist seems implausible and reaches for effect and panders to the `` shrink '' bashers of the world . this `` play for effect '' tone throughout the book was very distasteful to me
i like rick steve , but he dropped the ball on this book . entries are confusing : he introduces a site , and then does n't tell you how to get there . the maps are terrible . but the thing that really irked me was his section on driving in the czech republic . he said that there were road `` tolls '' you could avoid by purchasing a sticker for your car . that is just plain false . there are no tolls at all . if you do not purchase that sticker , the czech cops will stop you and fine you anywhere from <NUM> to 15,000 crowns . <NUM> crowns = about $ <NUM> . that 's what our friendly czech officer hit us with
i have to say that i was really dissapointed in this book . i know it says there are <NUM> stories , so i should haev been better prepared for short stories ... only some of them were only like <NUM> pages long , and on top of that , they were just plain stupid . i think this was a waste and i know i will not buy any moer books that have large groupings of stories in them . hey , i like a good hot juicy sex scene as much as the next person , but i think i would prefer a little more depth of the story than what you get with this group of stories . some of the stories in here would have you going & quot ; huh ? & quot ; after you read it . what else can you say ..
my wife bought this for me . i was really looking forward to listening , but i found it a painful experience . i not sure if it is the song choices , the production values , the arrangements or a combination , but the album overall is just a huge disappointment . no songs from it have made it on to my ipod
as a pmp and member of a new pmo attempting to establish the value and credibility of a pmo within our organization i found this book to be a bitter disapointment . this book was singularly lacking in practical advice as the to implementation of a pmo . regarding the subject matter , there was nothing `` advanced '' about this book at all
this is frustrating to write actually . when will the public demand a real full featured autobiography of the hells angels rather than run from one loose lipped so called biker expert a la yves lavignes and not to stand up and honourable angel himself . the public needs to read the real deal on what makes this a club versus a gang . this is a big boys club and they all work hard and party hard . these so-called authors make the club out to be nothing but murderers , drug dealers , rapists , and extortionists ... however , a quick glance through any newspaper clearly prints in black and white the people we should be concerned about whn it comes to our safety and privacy are none other than police officers themselves . remeber the boggeyman your parents warned you about and you grew up to realize the boogeyman did n't exist ? well , same goes to the hells angels in regards to the outright idiotic lies that have long fueled media hype and lined the budgets of the most corrupt police forces in big cities across canada and the u.s. at the end of a day , whether your a biker or an accountant , nobody likes a rat . anyhow , save your money and get the [ ... ] for the bigger picture
i 've seen these scenes in so many different movies that i got bored and turned it off . it was just a poor copy of other good movies . ( like <NUM> squadron )
this not a terrible album , but it is not that good either , and this , when coupled with the fact that there are many other bands doing very similar things much better than knapsack , means that it probably is n't worth the investment . i have never heard any of their other albums , but this one had neither wonderful guitar work nor intriguing vocals , and the lyrics ( which have been called brilliant by one of the official reviewers ) leave something to be desired . the first time you hear this album , you will probably like it , but after three or four more times all the way through , i think you will probably be either skipping half the songs , taking the album out after three songs , or running to your local used cd store to get some of your poorly invested money back . it just does n't have that lasting quality that a great album has ; this album does not leave you wanting more , as a brilliant album would do . in short , not a terrible album but not worth paying full price for , especially when there are so many bands out their which are doing the whole emo-punk-pop thing much better
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . it is an insult to the entire bdsm culture . not only is the acting horrible but they should have spent the money they did on the sets & costumes on script . i fail to believe this `` dominatrix '' would fall for some loser idiot like him . also , i like how the police & right-wingers `` ca n't get close enough to catch them '' even though their `` dungeon '' has a giant door off an alley that is wide open during daylight to move sets around . this is stupid with a capital s
my <NUM> year-old daughter hated the music and would n't listen to it . i 'd put it in the cd player anyway . she disliked it so much that she took it out of the car and hid it ! i was hopeful that this would work
i too was mesmerized by this documentary , as an educator and student of child psychology , etc . then i heard the running commentary , especially the remarks of the cameraman , and realized what a vile example of grotesque cultural imperialism this is : using despised children for selfish purposes=prostitution . the cameraman calls one of the children a whiny b # tch ( his words ) and has a rather obviously ambiguous relation with another of the girls . the inclusion of these comments and some of the stills casts a telling pall over the entire enterprise . often under the guise of doing good we exact greatest harm , as mr. oscar wilde noted . this despicable film takes kids , uses them and disposes of them with the sneering arrogant attitude so overtly and unselfconciously expressed in the commentary by the cameraman , divides families and friendships , exposes children to realizing painfully and traumatically their condition , like liza dolittle , without hope of going either back or forward . the pain on their faces as they observe the film is especially telling
i bought the wharton 's stretching book and liked it , finding it very useful as a martial artist . this book , however , merely rehashes everything in the stretching book , but in an inferior manner . although it has photos instead of drawings , the wharton 's stretch book clearly shows acceptable ranges of motion for each stretch . in addition , the back book has a section on training with weights that bordered on ridiculous . the author 's clearly know little about neither weight training as therapy nor weight training for strength and flexibility . this book was a real disappointment . buy their first book , avoid this one
yeah , this is metal madness ! ! scooter delivers such gruesome lyrics and vocals , the two guitarists do psychotic shredding riffs and blazing solos , the drummer does machine gun double bass at <NUM> miles per second ! ! metal is revived ! ! as you can see , i 'm joking . scooter has little baby squirel nuts , hence his super weak and annoying voice . his lyrics about `` i hate my parents , my daddy touched my privates '' tripe is nothing new , and nothing pleasing to the ears . the guitarists are very bad , they 're downtuned and they only do powerchords and do n't solo ( because they ca n't ) . the drummer is very basic , nothing special . bass ? ca n't hear it . want the best album of <NUM> ? go for `` ghost reveries '' by opeth . opeth cares about music , cold only cares about fame and money .
first , to debunk the product description , the most terrifying `` jaws '' ever will always be the first . nothing after that is even in the same league . and this chapter continues the devolution that started after the ending credits of the original , topped only by `` jaws 4- the revenge , '' in being worse . `` iii was originally released at the theater in 3-d , which did n't improve it by any stretch , rather made it more of a novelty . in viewing in non-3d release , it 's even worse because you can see how the director catered to the 3-d scenes , which are obvious when you watch it now . the acting could n't be more `` made for tv , '' as can be said about the whole storyline , the scenes and the deception freely utilized by the camera and director . this is one of those movies where you constantly find yourself scoffing , `` yeah , right ! `` , when seeing many of the sequences . even the very ending of the movie caused us to laugh with contempt when exiting the theater . once again , another movie , regardless of how bad it is , i peak at it occasionally when on the dish just to watch lea thompson , even though her acting in this one is nothing for the time capsules . the same can be said of the whole cast in fact , including , shamefully , louis gossett jr. , fresh off his oscar winning `` officer and a gentleman '' role . he could n't have a more annoying , over the top , archetypical character . i hope the check was worth it louis . there 's nothing nearly as suspenseful , dramatic , or engaging as the original . there are no characters that you really care about- there 's no depth , merely posturing by the characters . and the climax ' plausibility is an insult to one 's intelligence . this movie is just plain bad . in that it can be worth a watch alone , just to take pot shots at the absurdity of it all and to see how far down making a buck had dragged down the once proud brand name of `` jaws .
i feel sorry for those who thought this was more great yes-jon anderson christmas music . i 'm one of the few fortunate souls who actually found a <NUM> ships cd after it was out of print . paid some $ 30+ for it , but worth every penny . too bad ripping and passing out mp3 's is illegal , because i 'd share ! add my name to the `` bring back <NUM> ships ! '' petition
my sister got this cd for christmas of '05 , and i pray for the day that she stops playing it <NUM> hrs straight . i thought the music industry was starting to recover from the `` boy band '' era , until bands like , fall out boy , all american rejects , and the click five came out . apparently life is only about love to them , they never sing about any other aspect of life . the click five is just another phase in the collapsing of the music industry . at this rate , originality in music , will be a time long lost
i figured i would check this out , just for kicks , and i guess that the most important thing that i can say about it is that it was a waste of my precious time and i will never get it back : * ( i only wish there was a `` zero stars '' option . but guess what ? no matter how much i might disagree with mr. fleeger 's views ( `` oh , and you know i do ! `` ) , i respect his right to use his second amendment rights ! i would never suggest anyone throw away , burn or otherwise destroy this product because i find what he has to say wrong , which i guess is the difference between liberals like myelf and so-called `` conservatives '' this product showcases getting angry because the chicks dared express their opinions . i guess that it should n't be surprising that those who very likely could n't explain what the second amendment is about to understand how important it is for people ( such as the chicks ! ) to use them .
there are some good hints here , but do not be mislead by the title . for a complete book on disneyland and california adventure , i highly recommend birnbaum 's disneyland resort <NUM> , expert advice from the inside source . birnbaum 's disneyland is updated annually and published every year
for what purpose these lies about the life of this man ? are the liberal film makers racists who do n't believe that there is a good black man to depict on film so they have to lie ? if someone wanted to write fiction about a badass black fighter on the cusp of super stardom who is framed for a murder then be my guest . hurricane carter is not and was not that man . facts : in the movie denzel washington is shown in military garb with more medals on his cheat than colin powell . they want to drive home the point that here was a man who served his country and is now about to be screwed by it . fact is carter was kicked out of the army after being court mashalled <NUM> times ! in a title fight scence with an italian american fighter named giodello carter is depictied as beating this man pillar to post only to be screwed out of the decision he so richly deserved . fact , giardello deserved to win that fight according to the overwhelming number of experts who have viewed it then and now on tape . the depitction is another lie . another lie is this notion put forth in the movie that hurricane was on the verge of getting that title before mean white bigots framed him for this murder . fact is that carter 's boxing career was going down hill and he had only won <NUM> of his last <NUM> fights . as carter 's boxing career failed he became more militant in his political views and hated white people . while in prison he was diagnosed to be psychotic . yeah a psychotic racist is the model for black america . shame . norman jewison must not think much of black folks to make a movie of lies like this . denzel washington should be ashamed he participated in such trash . those who produced this trash bet that the average public would be gullible enough to believe these lies with no attempt at knowing the truth and hollywood did n't care ; they just like the message . looking at these reviews i have to say they made a good bet . america bashing and race baiting is alive and well , earning oscars and making for big box office . a shame .
the awfull book based on the game continues with a second book . i thought the first volume was rushed but this one takes the cake . i am now confused on what is going on , the story is even more rushed , there are many typos , and the story is not really connected to the plot . this book is more of a fan fiction than based on the game
there came a time in my life , not too long ago , when i realized i had zero acting talent and [ pulling ] in my gut every time i was topless just was n't cutting it anymore . now if only david hasselhoff had done the same ..
i usually do n't review books i did n't finish reading or movies i did n't finish watching , but this was just way too boring to justify wasting more of my time on , even though i listened to it as an audiobook so i could do other things while `` reading '' . i turned it off after six chapters and i 'm not likely to finish it . this is my first nora roberts book and if they 're all like this i really do n't have any clue why she 's so popular . i 'll try one of her mystery novels before judging her , however . stay away from this one .
well , my gosh , what a waste of time , u2 really should give it up and just go away and stop plagaraising everything with their marketing money making schemes ( u2.com members , ticket prices . ) i wo n't go on and on about u2 being sold out , where it all went wrong , all i know is that u2 are getting by and panicked when popmart was'nt well recieved , mainly because they were silly enough not to finish the record and get a tour booked ahead of it . so the dvd ... boring whats wrong with it <NUM> . crap editing , as others have mentioned <NUM> . the band look bored <NUM> . bono looks like fat elvis <NUM> . bono ca n't sing anymore <NUM> . was it really neccesary to have a camera in bonos sunglasses ? <NUM> . extras ? ? ? two thirty second clips of zoo tv and popmart both of which they have'nt released on dvd and both of which are impossible to buy as vhs is extinct now . ( despite being their best live shows supporting two of their greatest albums . ) <NUM> . the credits are listed as a extra feature . <NUM> . plagued by material from the overated overhyped and boring album `` all that you ca n't leave behind '' . .... has its moments , but at the end of the day its the performance that counts , not the lighting effects and the fancy but pointless and annoying unwatchable ! ! camera editing . if you want to have a collection of u2 live before they turned crap and commercialised add `` rattle and hum '' `` actung baby '' `` zoo tv live from sydney '' and `` popmart '' vhs 's to your collection , thats if you can dig them up from anywhere . u2 have yet to release a decent dvd , dissapoiting for the biggest band on earth
this is an album the enjoyment of which requires the listener to excuse him- or herself from the very smallest shred of critical intelligence . the gray & quot ; oracular & quot ; drizzle spreading dully from the <NUM> % asleep gob of this fatuous ennervated biped drives this listener up a tree . i 'd excuse him , but i have better things to do , like putting my head in the oven . the degree to which this album is embraced by a loving public strikes me as all the justification a person ought to need to write off the species entirely . other than that , thumbs up
three problems with this film : <NUM> . pacing - the film 's pacing does n't vary . it 's very boring . as a matter of fact , this would n't be a problem if the film were much more tense ( e.g. , `` speed '' ) , however this film lacks the high-action intensity to pull off such a slow expository speed . <NUM> . effects - too many sequences of this film rely on color and light superimpositions , and there is an overabundance of high-speed imaging . the scene changes that employ erratic barrages of images desensitize the viewer from the thrilling `` horror '' scenes . furthermore , they fail to make enough sequential sense of the film 's plot to really mean much to the film as a greater whole . the upshot : the film relies too heavily on the art of editing , to the point where plot twists are no longer interesting . <NUM> . triviality - the plot 's conclusion quails in the face of the `` so what ? '' question . the viewer is left with a sense of , `` i sat through the film for that ? '' in light of points ( <NUM> ) and ( <NUM> ) , this obnoxious bit is the icing on the cake . do n't waste your life . alon
unless you are an advertising industry buff or somehow admire mary wells lawrence this book is just average . there are a few interesting spots but for the most part she is just talking herself up
... ruined by bad dubbing . unfortunately there is there is nothing in the amazon listing or even on the dvd case indicating that this is dubbed . a nasty trick to play on buyers who prefer the original language
a tribute is defined as `` a gift or other acknowledgement of gratitude , respect , or admiration . '' that is what you have here . but , if you want a true picture of that incredible morning , do n't waste your time and money , look elsewhere
america was formed by dan peek , dewey bunnel and gerry beckley , three us military brats living in london . america generally sounds like either a third rate crosby , stills , nash and young or barclay james harvest ( who were all ready a second rate moody blues ) without any new ideas of their own . this <NUM> compliation does however have the advantage of collecting all of their hits without wading through some of the painful filler on their individual albums
love felcity kendal in good neighbors , but this mystery stuff does n't cut it plot wis
even though i am not a streisand fan , i was astonished at just how dopey and annoying this movie was . the plot is supposed to revolve around a big change in appearance for streisand 's character , making her attractive - no , irresistible - to the main male character . the problem is , she looks almost exactly the same before and after the makeover ! somebody ( probably streisand ) thinks that highlighted hair , a tight black cocktail dress , and a baggy-lipped smirk are irresistible whereas a pink bridesmaid dress , casual clothes , and everyday looks are disgusting . baaaaaamp ! ( that 's the fallacy alarm going off : men , in my experience , do n't care much about clothes and makeup . ) there was a lot of emphasis placed on the streisand character 's losing weight by riding an exercise bike , but she looked exactly the same afterward - no detectable weight difference ! yet truly , the low point of the movie is the scene in which streisand , discussing her baby and early-childhood photos with her mother ( played by lauren bacall ) , blubbers , `` wazz i a pretty baby ? wazz i a pretty babyyyyeeee ? '' in that one scene , streisand 's neuroticism concerning her looks is fully revealed . the whole movie is about this issue , and it 's amazing that an entire cast , crew , and production company would devote themselves to b.s . 's emotional issues like that . i really think that the `` funny girl '' phenomenon somehow ruined streisand 's thought processes . the media buzz about her at the time was that she was kind of cute despite being light-years away from the stereotyped , northern european beauty standard of the time ( think grace kelly ; think ingrid bergman ..... ) . i recall reading about how her glowing complexion , thick hair , and good figure ( as well as her energy and voice ) carried her through despite her looks : long nose , large lips , slanted eyes . myself , i think she looks like an egyptian princess or similar ; but she certainly does n't look like grace kelly ..... so why ca n't she accept this ? the majority of us women , whatever our race , color , or bone-structure , learn to live with and love who we are ..... at least i hope we do ! this movie is not about that . this movie says that you have to have a certain dress and hairdo to be desirable . maybe i should 've given it only one star
george a. romero enters with yet another installment in his banal and grossly visual zombie flicks and hopefully this will be the last of them . obviously there is an appreciative audience who enjoys watching partially decomposed bodies stomp around and grunt and eat body parts of the living because a lot of people write positively about this film . for this viewer the 'parody ' eludes . land of the dead is simply a dark , grotesque , poorly written , hastily thrown together bit of treacle to make money off the folks who like this genre . but how fine actors like simon baker , john leguizamo , dennis hopper , asia argento , and robert joy agree to the casting agent 's invitation to star in this film is a conundrum . grady harp , december <NUM>
utter disappointment , i wish i had never purchased this book . however , it will cure any insomnia you may have . check out something else
the high praise heaped on this is by people who have never actually read anything by george orwell ( or francis schaeffer , or theodore dalrymple or even john mortimer -for the loyal opposition ) -trite , smug and arrogant opinions that warm themselves by the fires of this anti intellectual screed should have the honesty to read paleo conservative journals like american conservative to see that discontent with neocon foreign policy ( that went on for a full <NUM> years under clinton as well ) is challenged by both those on the left and the right.it is the lack of intellectual analysis and clarity that has created our current crisis . try reading `` how shall we then live ? '' by schaeffer or dalrymple 's `` our culture , what 's left of it '' for a more intelligent and cogent analysis
i saw this movie a long time ago and had forgotten all but the basic plot . i recently purchased the dvd thinking it would be a fun movie for my younger kids ( <NUM> , <NUM> , and <NUM> ) to watch . also , it was rated `` pg '' so i thought it would be pretty safe . i was wrong . while the plot is innocent enough , the language was atrocious . i could n't believe this thing was rated pg and not at least pg-13 . be advised that if you do n't want your kids to hear a lot of cursing throughout a movie , then this is not for you
i used to own this cd and i thought it was absolutely groundbreaking and a wonderfully creative release from mike patton and co . however , i just bought torture garden by naked city . the fact is , naked city was doing this exact same stuff over <NUM> years ago ! i could not believe that art like this came out back then ! do n't get this cd , it is patton ripping off john zorn 's brilliance . get torture garden instead . it is much more daring for its age and actually just sounds much better , fuller . mike patton is mosly ridding the inspirations of other artists
i have just a very few words to say about this not too inventive construct `` its undeniably the most implausible book i 've ever read on any subject ``
lots of fun if you are a parker fan . this jesse stone mystery is a light read that is great for the beach or the plane
i ordered this book hoping for some scientific evidence supporting what i already knew from personal experience ; that there is a gestalt emerging from all of the beings in the universe . an emergent property that some call ` the spirit that moves through all things ' and some call ` god ' and i was hoping that this book would call it gaia . bah ! the author totally ignores the metaphysical evidence and misrepresents the impact of civilization on the natural world . he also misrepresents the relationship tribal aka primitive cultures had with the natural world . furthermore , this is n't even good science . typically i pass books on to friends or trade them at a used bookstore . the best thing about this book was how easily the pages tore out to become kindling for my fire . if i could i would give it a negative rating -- do n't pollute your mind with this trash
amazon ships this cd in a proprietary sony format . it will not play in your player or on your computer . amazon does not list this in the description ! i found out the hard way why a really popular jazz album is selling for only $ <NUM>
i read this short novel because i greatly admired shaara 's pulitzer prize winning `` killer angels , '' and because i 'm a baseball fan . the novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher . it 's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot . the characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories . the feel or atmosphere just is n't quite there . any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away , flaws that distract and damage the work . shaara sets most of the novel in yankee stadium with the hawks playing the yankees . why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear . the hawks apparently are from atlanta , but an atlanta team , braves or hawks , whichever , would not be playing the yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season . finally , when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game , he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in yankee stadium -- not on the mound on the field . this book was published posthumously and mr. shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose -- prose that was excellent in `` killer angels . '' it 's unfortunate . there are glimmers of interest in the book , but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author 's other book
i must say i am rather disappointed ... however i am not the `` target market '' . the problem is it is basically the same as original , only played using keyboards and instead of voice you get another track of keyboard . all the songs are `` lullabys '' itself as written originally by smith & co . therefore my suggestion is get your cd burner and create your compilation for the baby from original cds . it will do the same job and you will have more fun : ) .. as the songs get slightly boring played with keyboard and without the lyrics ; ) my son ( slightly & lt ; 2yrs ) already knows the original songs , of course -lol- , and he does not seem to relate to this more than original . he likes moby most of all : d ok , that is my 2c . p p.s . the same is true for radiohead and nirvana that i bought as well . p.p.s . i bought many of these for my friends babies and ( some ) like it a lot .. so ymm
i got this cd from a local music store and could n't wait to listen to it . unfortunately , there is nothing good to say about this mix . please read the other reviews written by people who have evaluated this mix ( including my other reviews ) before you make your purchase on this one , and see whether you agree with their taste of music by how they have rated other mixes . you will be surprised to learn that most of the people who gave rave reviews about j.z alive mix are not into this type of music to begin with . i have never come across a compilation as bad as this one . sure you can force yourself to like it , like other reviewers , but be true to yourself . this comp . did not even give me a reason to want to give it another chance . usually there will be something , either a good track , an awesome outro/intro mix , a flow or something that pulls you to give another listen to a cd that otherwise you might think `` naaa '' . j.z 's alive mix is actually dead ; no emotion , no soul , no intelligence , just pure electronic noise
after watching the fabulous bonus features on this dvd ( a biography of william 'wild bill ' wellman with observations by robert mitchum and tab hunter , another bio of `` track '' author walter van tilburg clark , a look at actual mountain lions and their habitat , and more ) , i realized i held a 'minority opinion ' of the film , itself , compared to many of the reviewers you 'll read , here ; i think it is stagy , lacks the sense of dread and palpable suspense of the novel , and does n't 'hold up ' as well as most of the director 's work . a tale of a dysfunctional family at it 's boiling point , and the impact a nearly primordial panther has , in changing their lives , the characters , with the exception of always watchable robert mitchum , as the domineering middle son , are all either boring , frustratingly indecisive , or downright unlikable . oldest son william hopper , best-known as 'paul drake ' in television 's `` perry mason '' , is the dreamer , who 'bonds ' with the environment , but lacks the instinctive power to defeat the cat , and never comes across as more than wishy-washy ; bitter spinster sister teresa wright offers a one-note portrayal that soon becomes grating ; youngest son tab hunter is so wimpy that you quickly lose interest in him ; philip tonge , the loquacious alcoholic father , whose drinking problem , in the novel , is tragic , here becomes a stereotyped comic drunk , with hidden bottles of liquor providing 'comic relief ' ; diana lynn , as hunter 's girl , tries hard , but never seems more than a minor character in the proceedings ; even legendary beulah bondi , as the greedy , bible-spouting , mean-spirited mother , seems to simply channel her 'bad mom ' portrayal from the `` what if ? '' sequence of `` it 's a wonderful life '' . worst of all , ex-little rascal carl 'alfalfa ' switzer , encased in phony-looking 'old age ' make-up to 'pass ' as a 100-year-old ranch hand/medicine man , looks neither believable , or comfortable in the role . with a farm set that looks patently artificial ( and obviously on a sound stage ) , the outdoor scenes , shot at mount rainier , must take up the slack ; sadly , despite the creativity in using high contrasts to make the colors achieve a 'black and white ' look , the book 's greatest asset , the constant , frightening 'unseen ' presence of the malevolent cat was , to me , never achieved , despite a mitchum monologue as he gradually succumbs to helpless fear ; in fact , hunter 's final confrontation with the cat is handled so 'routinely ' that you ca n't understand what all the fuss was about ! the film was a big letdown !
the costumes were great .... but this movie did no justice to the novel . `` cousin bette '' the novel is excellent , `` cousin bette '' the movie , is dreadful . i understand some changes are necessary when a novel is adapted into a movie , but these changes were awful and they took something very important ( the baroness ) away from the story ... if you have n't read the novel , you will probably find this movie to be decent . if you have read the novel , be prepared to be very disappointed
the acting was very good . the pace was adequate . however , the plot was predictable . the movie just reeks of the intelligent thriller syndrome . clive 's character kept calling this the perfect robbery . the characters talk about the relative intelligence of the other characters or how the other characters ca n't possibly know what is going on . i 'm still not sure what jody foster 's character brings to the plot . any way , they do stupid things . the bank robbers dig a latrine in a storage closet . you do n't know the hole is a latrine until the end of the movie . however , they do call it a `` s -- thole during the movie . they spent hours on this hole . why not use a bucket instead of a hole in the floor for a latrine ? they even brought buckets in with them . they were disguised as painters . why could n't clive 's character use a bucket with chemical treatments instead of a hole in a floor of a bank for a latrine . finding plot holes in this movie is like shooting fish in the barrel . furthermore , the plot is so predictable that it made the movie drag . i have to be honest , i did n't guess the ending . i kicked myself for they gave plenty of clues . for example , a big one is the title of the movie . however , the lame clues ( the s -- thole ) acted like red herrings . they threw me off the scent .
the second tape does not move backwards or forwards . i am very diappointed
there is no doubt that antonia fraser 's `` the journey '' is written in the author 's usual wry , witty and highly engaging style ( although i must say that i never before heard of sex described as `` lugubrious . '' ) there is also no doubt that fraser has done a great deal to redeem marie-antoinette 's shredded reputation by accurately describing her as being compassionate to the hardships of the french people . the book is full of vivid detail which makes it very readable . however , i was disappointed to see that fraser resorts to many popular misconceptions . for one thing , why does fraser act like marie antoinette was the only princess to be sent away from home as a teenager to seal a dynastic marriage ? what about sophie of anhalt-zerbst ( catherine the great ) who was also a young stranger in a foreign land ? this sort of thing happened all the time - it was what being a princess was all about . i was glad that fraser did not fall into the myth of louis xvi 's impotence/ phimosis and surgery and all that . she simplistically portrays him as being asexual , which was not true , because he told his aunt after consummating his marriage that he enjoyed `` it . '' but never has any other biographer subjected the reader to the spectacle of fersen and the queen fiddling with primitive prophylactics while consummating their grand passion . i must say , it is a first . fraser insists that marie antoinette slept with fersen for many years and yet gives no solid proof , while at the same time maintaining that she was a woman of high moral character . i usually do not think of a woman who is shared by both a lover and a husband as having a high moral character , but i guess fraser does . oh , well . it is such romantic fantasies that turn this book into more of a soap opera than a serious biography . i found it absurd when fraser insists that the tormented queen of france was ultimately a martyr for the cause of the socialism and democracy which the french people now enjoy . if the queen had had her way , her descendant would be reigning today , and that is just the reality of it . for a better study of marie antoinette 's relationship with her husband , i would recommend vincent cronin 's `` louis and antoinette . '' as for better biographies of the queen , let me join some fellow reviewers in the hope that the works of delorme and bertieres will soon be available in english
well , i sure could have skipped this one . i well remember the critics raving over this on television , but why is beyond me . mostly , i was just plain bored . there simply was no depth at all , just bunches of short takes and wise cracks . bush was just downright dirty , making insults and slurs all over the place , something i do not consider an appropriate attitude in a man who would be president . and it is interesting that in one of the reviews it was noted that mary matalen , the deputy manager of bush 's campaign and very acid-tongued ( maybe she wrote some of the slurs bush used ) , is now the wife of james carville , top strategist for clinton 's campaign , and basically the star of the movie . but all the scenes were focused on the funny quip , the bon mot , no long scenes of the nitty-gritty work , or any answers to any questions about clinton either , for that matter .
after buying and reading the book i realized that i need a lathe to make the gun . lost my money ! i think that the author should let the visitors know about that & quot ; little fact & quot ; before buying the book
if this is your first barbara taylor bradford book , you may never pick up another one . i , on the other hand , like to give an author the three strikes rule , so wo n't hesitate to try something else , but it wo n't be very soon . if you want to read one of her novels , do not start with this one like i did . this is very boring -- like snails serving as soap stars -- not to mention slow and predictable . i listened to the entire thing on cd , but think it was mostly because i liked ms. o'karma 's narration -- she has an appealingly smokey voice like carolyn jones from the adams family . it still could n't save this story with its endless self-serving `` what-about-me ! '' mantras and valentine 's overly moralistic attitude . i 'm the same way , and i bore myself ! you knew from page one where this story was going , and the dialog was as insufferable as the descriptions of everything from food and clothing to moths reproducing on peeling wallpaper . `` i was a war photographer and my mommy was mean to me '' resounds every other page , yet she wants to get away from all of that . nothing 's worse than a character or real person who brags , then turns around and screams `` look at me , look at me ... how dare you look at me ? ! ''
the series ' main flaw is the repetetiveness of the storylines , somehow even though i watched the episodes back-to-back i still felt deja-vu . the plot would n't advance for episodes , and i think this is what caused the ratings to plummet , they took too long to flesh out the plot so , the fans grew bored . also , what contributed to my feelings was the showing of several identical slides in every episode ! that said , it still was a fun watch , the bonds shared by the twins , chobi , lisa , and the enigmatic kaze are really interesting and often funny ( when not pertaining to kaze of course ) . also , the villians were not malevoloent , just mischevious which only served to affirm my opinion that this anime is more oriented towards kids . i 'm not sure about the mechanism used to rate if it 's final fantasy or not , but i think the fact that they had crammed all the plot twists in the last episode contributed to the criticisms , i think if the animators took some of the sub-plots out and focused on the storyline this series would 've been good , instead of just decent . as it is , it 's still fun , and at a bargain price ; if you have nothing better to do , go ahead and watch it ! ( 2.5 stars
as another person mentioned , i am no where near a bow bow hater . i remember feeling some type of way about liking him when he was younger because i seldom dig commercial rap . so now he 's all grown up and doing his thing . he had a couple of hits . one day i 'm online reading about this guy hating on will smith and i later learned that this guy does n't even write his own music . what ? ! are you kidding me . no matter who the remarks was to , one can not disrespect another rapper when they do n't even write their own music . after hearing that i was just done . how can you rate his music when he is not writing it ? what are we rating his sound over the music because he has no connection with it . i think it was just ok. `` fresh as i am '' was hot . i was really feeling that sound . i like ok , he 's all grown up and showing people what he is made up but again later i learned he did n't write it .... lol .. that ' f funny . is this how jermain dupri feels ? can the real rapper please stand up
this textbook relies on more handwaving arguments than my quantum textbook ! griffiths seems to be under the impression that he is an astounding mathematician and the reader can barely integrate . the `` proofs '' of almost every key concept are either fleshed out in `` well suppose ... then this might happen ... '' or altogether left to the reader . it was a fun challenge to actually write a proof for a lot of them , too ... maybe griffiths should have tried it when he wrote the book . if the reader does every single problem in the book , he or she may have a mid-undergrad level understanding of basic e & m . very little relativity , and no quantum mechanical aspects are covered ( if i remember correctly )
i 've read several other mysteries by this author , but was quite disappointed in this one . the writing seemed `` padded '' -- i.e . paragraph after paragraph that did nothing to advance the plot . the plot itself was okay , but certainly not exceptional , and some of it was n't even believable . for example , although there was some explanation for the seemingly total imcompetence by the local police department ( understaffing ) , the idea that even a rookie ( much less the police chief ) would miss so many of the pertinent and obvious clues that an untrained <NUM> yr old shop owner ferreted out seems more than a little farfetched . another part of the plot that strained even the most willing suspension of disbelief is the handling of the dv incidents by the police . again , only the most incompetent of professionals would have handled the case they way it was . all in all , this novel was not one i 'd recommend to anyone .
aphrodite must have been preoccupied when he mixed this one . for the most part the tracks drag on with no end in sight or build toward some invisible ( and unmelodic ) climax . there are a few with powerful beats and creative touches such as tracks <NUM> featuring jungle brothers and <NUM> featuring n.w.a . but for the most part the rappers take center stage and aphrodite does n't add much . if you really want to sample his talent buy his self titled cd
i have had these books on my shelf for a number of years , having never gotten around to them . they should have stayed on the shelf , as i now know . i read a lot of sci-fi and fantasy , so i recognized many of the tropes that pullman tries to pull off . i must say that holly lisle pulls off the multiverse much better than he does , and that 's not saying a whole lot . like most people here , i found myself drawn in by the first book . that one was well written , if a bit heavy handed in how good lyra was , how brave she was , how she could do anything even if it was previously impossible for anyone else to do - like break her father out of his svalbard prison . however , the books declined in quality from the first page of the second book . will takes it much too easily when he finds that he has committed his first murder , especially for a boy of <NUM> . as a reader , i am willing to suspend belief quite a bit , but this particular plot point snapped that thread for me . once that was lost , it was extremely difficult for me to engage myself with the text once again . as far as the ending goes , what a disappointment . it seems as if the third book was trying to tell three vastly different stories . frankly , if pullman had created a novel entirely about mary malone slipping into the world that she did and studying it in a scientific capacity with no way to return , that would have kept my interest much more than his rabid defamation of christianity . also , pullman fails to deliver on the cohesion of comparing mary to the serpent , lyra to eve , and will to adam . there was no offering there by mary of something to tempt lyra with as happened in the garden of eden . without this crucial component , there is no way that lyra can be eve reincarnate . the propaganda that pullman purports as truth would be all right if he was claiming it as his own , and that if others believed it , that would be okay . however , he very cleverly lulls the uncareful reader into believing that what he is saying is a universal truth . i had no idea that atheism was so nihilistic , yet that is the view i came away with when i finished this trilogy . i would never recommend these books to anyone . rather , i would steer them towards better fantasy novels - like rowling , tolkein , robin mckinley , patricia mckillip , and ursula k le guin
interestingly , this pro-apartheid film was produced and written by jack abramoff , now famous for pleading guilty to fraud and tax evasion in the course of orchestating the biggest american congressional corruption scandal in a generation . yes the same man who bribed over <NUM> congressmen and senators , robbed several native american tribes blind , tried to take out life insurance policies on tribal elders with himself as the beneficiary , and called the choctaw tribal council `` monkeys '' and `` troglodytes '' , had an interesting earlier career . he was disqualified from the student government election in his beverly hills elementary school for exceeding spending limits . he took over the young republican movement in college with his schoolmates including ralph reed of the christian coalition , and longtime republican insider grover norquist . but more relevant to this movie , well into the <NUM> 's while actively working in the hollywood film industry he worked both covertly and overtly to support the racist whites only apartheid goverment of the old south africa , and to oppose and discredit nelson mandela and the anc 's struggle for majority rule and racial equality . during this period , he conceived this piece of bizarre propoganda , paid for by the apartheid government in the old south africa , equating the struggle for black liberation in south africa with communism and the soviet union , and openly placing his sympathies with the racist minority afrikkaner government . the hero of the film is based on the many mercenaries , or so called soldiers of fortune , as they are called in their trade magazine which like the makers of this film , were also enthusiastic about private killers being hired to murder activists fighting against apartheid . an amazing historical anomoly , this piece has even more significance in the wake of the currently unfolding scandal which promises to be one of the largest in history , involving bribery , favors , protection of sweatshops ( in us colonies where women are forced into having abortions ) , fraud , the chritian coalition , pitting one tribe against another to essentially steal money from native america , and possibly the gangland style murder of his former business partner , the owner of sun cruises , when he complained about being defrauded in the sale of his cruise line . my advice , buy it used for historical purposes , not new . this guy has made more than enough money off the backs of the american people . let 's not forget how fear of communism was used to justify murder , racial segregation , perversion of the constitution , police state style abuses of civil rights , and many other crimes against humanity . let 's learn the lessons of history and preserve what is good about the usa . let this movie be a record of the power of hollywood to either perpetuate lies that are used to kill and abuse people , or to turn away from evil and tell the truth . let 's make a different legacy this time around
daniel dennett 's excellent book consciousness explained extracts a very funny cartoon from scientific american , in which two professors stare at a blackboard showing a formula full of complex algebra . in the middle of the formula appears the sentence , `` then a miracle occurs '' . one professor points to the statement and says to the other , `` i think you should be more explicit here in step two . '' roger penrose is n't just any old boffin : he is the emeritus rouse ball professor of mathematics at oxford university and has been knighted for his services to science . the emperor 's new mind is his attempt to crack that perennial philosophical chestnut , the consciousness/artificial intelligence problem . penrose 's view is that strong ai is simply wrong and that a computer could never replicate ( functionally or actually ) what we know as `` consciousness '' . right . take a deep breath here . for it 's a scary thing for a mere mortal ( with a decidedly ordinary bachelor 's degree in the humanities ) to say something like this about the one of the cleverest men on the planet , but i ca n't see any way around it : in this book roger penrose completely , totally , misses the point . insofar as it 's considered an entry on the consciousness/ai debate , the emperor 's new mind - all <NUM> pages of it - is all but worthless . there . i said it . then again , nearly <NUM> of those pages do n't even purport to be about consciousness , so perhaps all is not lost . instead , they contain an extremely dense , at times fascinating , but uniformly ( and i use the word deliberately ) dazzling overview of the more esoteric parts of modern mathematics , physics and cosmology . while penrose thinks it is necessary background , it is n't - it amounts to an extremely long winded appeal to authority : one is left with the firm impression that the rouse ball professor of mathematics at oxford university is a very , very smart chap , and that one really ought to see that what ever he says goes . this is no small irony , given the title of his book . for if anyone is holding himself out as being a tailor purveying a cloth that only the cleverest people can see , it 's roger penrose . here 's where i think he goes wrong . firstly , his attempt to undermine the ai position is founded on purely mathematical reasoning . pure mathematics is a closed logical system . its truths are n't falsifiable , so by themselves have no explanatory force . mathematical statements ( such as `` 1+1=2 '' ) are necessarily true for all time and all universes so , ipso facto , they ca n't - by themselves - tell us anything about any particular universe . yet that is just what penrose asks them to do . he invokes gdel 's theorem of undecidability , perhaps to counter the argument i have just made , but it is n't convincing - being logically unable to prove all truths in a particular set ( even though you know they are true ) is very different from being able to falsify them . without that power , you have no explanatory traction in the outside world . penrose 's entire attack on strong ai is based on an unfalsifiable , and therefore non-content carrying , argument . another error is to assume an algorithm must have been designed for the purpose for which it is used , and must work perfectly to be of any use . natural selection illustrates that this is simply not the case . an algorithm may have a number of useful unintended by-products , and an algorithm can be extremely useful even when we know it to be completely misconceived at every level : take newtonian mechanics as a good example . we 've known for a century it is n't correct but in most practical circumstances it works fine . which brings me to my next point : for all the learning penrose includes on mandelbrot sets , phase space , entropy and hawking radiation , the emperor 's new mind is conspicuous for what it leaves out : the bibliography contains no reference to karl popper nor the general philosophy of science - which might have helped him on the issue of falsifiability - nor crucially to a number of writers who have been very influential on the modern mind/ai question : daniel dennett is barely mentioned ( dennett 's writing probably represents the `` forefront '' of the consciousness debate ) , nor is richard dawkins well-referenced , despite having written compellingly ( and , being a zoologist , with a great deal more expertise ) on the question of algorithms in natural selection . indeed , penrose does n't clearly present the arguments of any particular supporter of strong ai , but rather chooses to generalise loosely as if he is convinced his mathematical deductions can carry the day , and that ai does n't present a significant challenge . douglas hofstadter is given a little space , and john searle and his largely discredited chinese room experiment a fair space , but other than that the only philosopher penrose seems to be aware of is plato . another thinker penrose does n't seem familiar with is william of occam . instead of doing some background reading ( and applying a little common sense ) , penrose has launched a theory which ( as he proudly proclaims ) takes us to the ends of time and the universe and back to the smallest subatomic particles to explain ( in ways he freely admits he does n't understand ) an everyday , prosaic ( but still extremely hard to grasp ) phenomenon . in its interstellar journey penrose 's theory drifts very close to dualism , and close ( but not quite so close , perhaps ) to positing ( or needing ) some sort of god to work . that will give succour in some quarters , but not the ones penrose has in mind , i suspect . occam 's razor would require that such untestable and speculative suppositions be rejected unless no other explanation is available . penrose would protest there are none ; dennett , dawkins , hofstadter and their colleagues and adherents ( including me ) would beg to differ , and point to a lot of literature that penrose has n't read . in any case one would think that penrose 's own intuition ( which he claims helps him to see truth despite gdel undecidability ! ) ought to help him see his theory is , as jeremy bentham would say , `` nonsense on stilts '' . ultimately , when penrose says `` quantum theory explains consciousness '' he is really saying no more than `` something magic happens ! '' or even `` then a miracle occurs '' . mr penrose , i think you should be more explicit here in step two . olly buxton
this movie was way too fictional . stephen king needs to stop writing
huge disappointment . trace was n't that good either . having read all scarpetta 's previous storiesbut i was hoping trace would be only bad one . however , the downhill trend seems to continue . these two books are not the usual intelligent plots cornwell is capable of writing . save your money , do n't buy it . i completely agree with all the reviews posted so far , so i wo n't go into the plot -or rather lack of a real plot -details
heinlein is a great author . when he sits back and tells a story , he 's one of the best . glory road and citizen of the galaxy are wonderful , and the moon is a harsh mistress should be on the shelf of any science fiction fan . this , however , is an awful book . it 's not merely one of heinlein 's worst . it 's one of the worst books i 've ever had the misfortune to read . the problem is n't that there 's no action , although there is n't . the problem is that there is n't anything of substance to replace it . there 's lots of sex , but not in enough detail to be titilating . there is n't a love story either ; you ca n't have romance or sexual tension when your characters will sleep with anyone and everyone for any reason . the book just rambles aimlessly until it ends . maybe heinlein was trying for an examination of gender roles and sexual identity , but if so he failed miserably . the characters in this book are n't just from a different culture ; they are n't people at all . they 're too flat . if you want to think about such things , ponder them on your own or read a different book . i suggest left hand of darkness by ursula le guin . i will fear no evil reads like an old man 's rambling personal fantasies . someone must like it , but i ca n't recommend it even to the most devoted heinlein fans . if you 're tempted , do yourself a favor and re-read stranger in a strange land instead
oh my - where did this young lady learn to sing ? it 's not music from an `` old soul '' , as another reviewer put it - just bad singing . ugg . stay away from this one
i purchased this book after reading the reviews on amazon . all those <NUM> star reviews convinced me ! they were wrong . i find more help in the owners manual i received with my new electric pressure cooker ! too many speciality ingredients that i do n't even know where to buy , much less whether we like or not . too many ingredients in general . i was looking for down home , easy , family-type meals , and found & quot ; gourmet & quot ; type recipes . i now check out the customer reviews rather than the & quot ; experts & quot ; and i read the reviews more carefully and watch for key words like simple , few ingredients , family , ingredients i find on my shelves , etc . i also check out table of contents when offered
i 'm not buying this cd because i just found out it 's mortal coil 's track which is missing which completely ruins the whole cd . that song is so beautiful . why is it not on the cd ? that 's why i 'm giving it one star although the other music used was highly effective
i am constantly amazed at what can get published . the plot of this book requires the reader to suspend any sense of logic and rationality . in fact , the plot is so far-fetched i thought it was a parody . the characters are not believable at all . the reader is supposed to believe that mozart has been re-incarnated as frankie . um right . and i am the queen of spain . this is the first book by the author that i have read and i am not anxious to pick up another one . i found the plot lines and character developments to be insultingly stupid . almost too embarassed to donate this book . i pray for the trees sacrificed to make this
this is a very lifeless production of julius caesar . jason robards is monotone and charleton heston rants and raves without ever parting his teeth . it is planet of the apes in roman togas . if anyone knows where i can find a copy of the play starring marlon brando , please advise .
i bought this cd only yesterday.the recording level is too low and i could not listen to the performance even with the volume cranked fully up.rather than going in for another high wattage amplifier i decided to return the cd ! !
extreme behaviour ? i think not . perhaps extremely bad lyrics . was this dude stoned when he wrote the lyrics or really that shallow ? i just love that romantic song that they play on the radio all the time about the dude that 's cheating on his girl friend w/ another woman and they dare to call it lips of an angel ? could it get any sicker ? i think the song should be retitled welcome to hell
never seen the band live but this cd is a big disappointment . the sound is a low budget version of santana / los lonely boys . the songs are lame and way too commercial . hope their next album turns out to be better ( a lot )
i bought this album because i am so into sigur ros at the moment and it seems all the reviews i read say that `` ... if you like sigur ros you will like mbv .. '' let me say this album is no where near a sigur ros experience . if i could compare them to anyone it would be very early cocteau twins , though i must be clear i do n't think the singer is anywhere close to the artistic sense and vocal talent of elizabeth fraser . it would be more palatable if the production value was higher .... it sounds terrible . the sound quality is comparable to some old vhs tapes i have from the mid <NUM> 's that i recorded off the tv ( then soaked in water for a few days ! ) .
thayer went great lengths to produce an excellent lexical resource . many would agree . but shortly after publishing , his book became outdated . koine greek was no longer viewed as a holy spirit invention ( which was thought for a long time since scholars could not find <NUM> % of the nt vocabulary in secular writings until about the last century ) . since thayer 's release , koine lexicography has taken great strides and has since left this dictionary far behind ( see `` greek grammar beyond the basics '' by daniel b. wallace ) . one positive of thayer 's dictionary is his study of etymology . understanding how words form is very helpful in vocabulary memorization . but i 'll add a word of caution illustrated by this short etymology lesson : `` butterfly '' does not mean `` a fly made of butter . '' as words evolve ( or devolve ) , they do not always retain their meanings . koine vocabulary is an example that has been required to simplify in order to be accepted by various cultures . the words will not always fit etymological patterns or classical definitions . why then is thayer 's still so popular ? it 's cheap . it 's public domain . and it 's easy to use . purchase at your own risk . recommended : `` a greek-english lexicon of the new testament and other early christian literature '' by walter bauer , frederick william danker ( editor
in today 's rap market the hot commodities are the albums that have the most materialism , disrespect to women , and `` gangsta fairytales '' . well shawnna 's album has all of the above and her sales are poor . so what does that say for shawnna . she ca n't even sell in a market that caters to commercial bs ! ! ! ! ! ! this album is garbage , shawnna is chi-town garbage and needs to find a new occupation . i suggest her finding either the nearest strip club ( since she is from the chi i suggest arnie 's in harvey ! ) or find the nearest porn studio for a more productive career
normally , i am very open to listening to new music -especially scenster/indie-hop - and when , months ago now , i 'd heard about the bravery i was intrigued . i turned on the radio here in san francisco to the best indie station on the planet and kept my ears open . i remember hearing a song and thinking , `` wow , the strokes ' new song is amazingly good . '' then , when the announcer stated that the song was in fact performed by the bravery , i was horrified . simply stated : how are these guys not the strokes ? sorry , but they sound exactly like them ... but not as good . lyrically , they are not as original and the lead singer does not have the same passion or enthusiasm in his voice as the lead singer for the strokes . however , lucky for the bravery , people are actually buying that they are a unique and catchy band . what a joke
the author fancies himself a copernicus , by , similarly to the reversal of the notion that the sun revolves around the earth , rendering the notion of consciousness an `` illusion '' ( last word , p.178 ) . his ego is indeed enormous , my knowing of no other author quoting ( p.45 ) and incessantly citing his own writing . the notion of the sun revolving is an inference , from observing its change of position relative to the earth , and motion indeed is considered relative . but consciousness is not an inference . it is the most immediate phenomenon by which everything we know , or imagine , is manifested . dennett persistently investigates distinctions in our brains , from dispositions to memories , often couching them in esoteric or otherwise unfamiliar terms , while sidestepping the simple fact that whatever the detailed particulars , all is presented to us through the medium of consciousness . he puts great emphasis on the third-person approach , like questioning a subject about his perceptions , so as to discover misunderstandings about the inner workings of the mind , forgetting that all of these , whether actual perceptions or beliefs or else , are ingredients of consciousness . this his `` scientific method '' , compared to first-person introspection , is the only approved one . it is shared by others . like patricia churchland , he has contempt for `` folk '' psychology , pitting it against favored `` academic '' ( p.35 ) . they also share a derogatory attitude toward dissenters , regarding them as reactionaries ( p.8 ) or naysayers . the views are admittedly materialist , holding cartesian dualism of mind and body `` bankrupt '' or a `` disaster '' , as does john searle . why ? descartes is not in line with their assumed all-inclusive scientific method , embraced also by philosophers , who traditionally delved deeper into issues of knowledge . i do so newly in my book and here wish to note that however physical inquiry progresses , consciousness , via which the inquiry is made , remains a distinct phenomenon .
this book was on somebody 's amazon.com listmania for sea turtles , so i hunted it down . it is only vaguely about sea turtles , in that it is set on an island in georgia where sea turtles nest . there is a sea turtle biologist introduced at the very beginning of the book , and then he disappears , so it 's obvious that he was involved in the crime . there are way too many characters in this book to keep track of and most of them are not believable or likable . i wish this book had at least been fun to read but it was tedious and i ended up skimming the whole thing , looking for any sign of sea turtle interaction . skip this book and send your $ 6.99 to a sea turtle hospital instead .
i have long been hoping to find the one career book that will point me in the write direction of finding the career that i want out of life . i 'm coming to believe that these books are mostly a waste of money . this book contains a personality test that is not unlike any other career assessment test that you can take online , for free . it then contains a boat load of charts ... <NUM> highest paying jobs for this personality type .... <NUM> jobs for this personality type with the highest amount of women/men employed ... ect ect . if this sort of thing interests you then by all means this book might be for you . most of the book however is a list of different jobs for the different personality types that contains descriptions , experience/education needed , related job , ect but it is all on a very basic level . save your money and speak with a career counsler
when i first read the summary of lost souls i knew i had to get this book . so , on what would end up being an long journey , i phoned my local second hand book stores and after going to three finally found one that actually had a copy ( despite the others that were 'supposed to have one , miss , sorry ' ) . i could n't wait to read it , and in two days i 'd finished the book . now , perhaps it was because my sights had been set so high , or perhaps i expected a well written novel when there was none , but 'lost souls ' disappointed me severely . as another reviewer said nothing , the main character , is possibly one of the most selfish characters i 've come across . i 'm fine with selfish characters , i myself loved lestat of the vampire chronicles , but only when they 're well written . we 're meant to sympathize with him but i found it impossible to do so . he is honestly a selfish teenager and even while reading this when i was a teenager i wanted nothing to come to some revelation . i found the only character i felt bad for in the novel died early on . while the rest of the novel was supposed to be tense , or possibly filled with horror , i found i was flipping through without a true care as to what happened to the main characters . there were a few moments of suspense but nothing too frightful . in all honesty , the book reminded me of the countless horror stories that fill writing websites [ ... ] overall , i would say it 's worth a read if you 've nothing else to do and are craving any type of vampire story . just do n't expect too much
you wo n't be my yoko ono unless i deserve it ? you wo n't gain a career and fame overnight from absolutely nothing ? you wo n't leverage me to the hilt ? i do n't pretend to understand , but i suppose i 'm not empowered enough
ok , i like to be scared . i like good ol ' traditional scary stuff ! this book was just ( for the most part ) weird ! the tales were weird , the author comments were weird , and most of the stories were pathetic . i mean , some of them were definitely worth the read , but it 's not worth the fifteen bucks this book costs . used , five bucks , maybe , but i would strongly suggest spending your money elsewhere -- i 'll let you know when i run across an anthology worth fifteen bucks , but it is n't this one
in order to maintain the legal status of your corporation , you need to pass very specific resolutions and keep very specific records . i had hoped for a `` cookbook '' for the legal steps required to set up and operate my corporation , but this is not it . the info on corporate structures is very basic and general - you could easily find this level of detail on the web . that 's my primary complaint with this book ... it mentions what you must do , but does n't give you the specifics of how . instead of this book , i recommend you : ( <NUM> ) get the * basics * from your lawyer or accountant ( or even doing some research on the web ) ( <NUM> ) buy the corporate minutes book by anothony mancuso instead of this book
this live album is well recorded , and the band is the best its ever been . why only <NUM> stars ? the tracklist ! apart from can i play with madnes ( yay ! ) and lord of the flies ( yawn ) , its exactly the same as rock in rio , released a couple of years ago , with dance of death instead of brave new world songs . why not play somewhere in time , or wasted years ? or futureal ( ok blaze song but still ) ? or powerslave ? all would have fitted into the theme of the concert well . i do n't need to see another version of hallowed be thy name . or wrathchild . or fear of the dark . or run to the hills . good performance ( as expected ) , but very disappointing tracklist
yep this is pretty much pop metal for twelve year old girls par excellence . this stuff may not require a lot of musical talent but it certainly requires plenty of stylists for hair - perhaps sitting around in stylists chairs does count as 'suffering for your art ' . but honest injun , i only review albums that i actually own and since i 've never ever thrown away a single disc ever bought - well you guessed it - i paid for it and still own it . the airheaded pop stuff here is truly grating . my list of major problems with this release is ; <NUM> - a band called danger danger puts out an album with the lead track of naughty naughty . the saving grace is that naughty naughty is a darn fine song . really , the genre does n't get much better than this . pity about the rest of this album . <NUM> - this is the kind of band that metal edge magazine pushed to the fore - one of the most horrid segments of the mag was entitled 'the way the were ' which actually had photos of the band members as kids . really , pandering to the musical tastes of <NUM> year old girls is not the way forward . then again , at the time d/d made a bit of cash so perhaps they 're the ones laughing now . <NUM> - `` bang bang - what 's that sound / i gave you my heart then you shot me down '' if naughty naughty was the genre at it 's best then tunes like bang bang were the genre at it 's most dire . i have nothing but good memories of this band - they certainly gave us all a good laugh at the time . despite the fact that in so many ways this only deserves one star , i ca n't possibly do it . these guys bent over backwards to make themselves seem so nice you would n't want to hurt their feelings . not to mention the fact that saturday nite also rocks well . two great songs and a couple of other good hooks just do n't rate so it ca n't get more than two stars
some of the continuations of andre norton 's worlds have been gems , and some of them have been disappointments . beast master 's ark is the worst to date . the original beast master was one of my favorite books , with norton 's classic complexity of phrase , her textured and troubled main character , and her believable yet alien world . this sequel has simplistic language , startling to someone expecting norton 's turn of phrase , and no plot to speak of . the story never generates tension , and there is no climax . mcconchie does a great job with characterization , but good characters are not enough . there must be some story . to add insult to injury , there are multiple typos , and some editing mistakes like tense switching that add to the general sense of a book that is not well written . i am sorry that andre norton put her name to this one
it 's always a shame to see a really talented actor/ actress star in a dud of a movie , but that 's exactly what happened to jodie foster with <NUM> 's `` foxes '' . directed by adrian lyne , who would later go on to direct the notorious `` fatal attraction '' , `` foxes '' is a cheap , lame-brained attempt at a gritty look into the dark side of teenage life . the movie suffers from a painful lack of character development and goes in a seemingly incoherent fashion from one scene to another , making it hard to stay focused . the movie is n't a total waste -- a few dramatic scenes do at least catch your attention ; and jodie foster , still under <NUM> when this was filmed , has a real charisma about her despite the fact that she is n't given much to work with . plus , that piano melody of donna summer 's `` on the radio '' which crops up throughout adds a nice melancholy feel . overall though , `` foxes '' really is pretty lousy and ca n't be given much of a recommendation
bob dylan 's work has been adapted to all kinds of musical styles , and you 'd think reggae would be a perfect fit , since , like dylan , it often fuses of the spiritual and the political and both dylan and many reggae artists have a fondness for lush but not gooey romantic ballads ( no woman no cry etc ) . but this cd really does n't work for me . i like my reggae rootsy ( as far as i 'm concerned , lee perry is god , or i guess jah ) , and this sounds like slick , soulless beer commercial reggae , the kind of thing you 'd probably hear at a resort pool party . producer doctor dread has a very unfortunate fondness for smooth jazz sax , cocktail lounge guitar and sacharine flutes . it 's all very professional , yes . these are some of the top studio musicians in jamaica ( sly , chinna ) and they hit all the right notes . but they 're just picking up a paycheck . after this session it sounds like they could well have laid down some tracks for a jamaican tourist board spot . some of it is okay . toots is always great , apple gabriel has a wonderful molasses-and-ganja voice , michael rose makes an interesting choice in the lonesome death of hattie carrol and sizzla turns subterannean homesick blues into a dancehall song , which works surprisingly well ( and i do n't like dancehall ) . the cover of got ta serve somebody is pretty good too , partly because it was recorded separately from the rest of the cd so the backing music is n't so cold and efficient . you should probably just cherry-pick these from itunes . but even many of the good performances are sabotaged by that awful by-the-numbers studio sound .
this book has <NUM> pages of obvious and worthless information . the book is very thin ; when the box from amazon arrived i looked in the box and almost did n't find the book , that 's how thin it is . of course it is quality not quantity that matters , and there too this book falls short . it was not written by a psychologist , in fact the educational qulifications of the author are not revealed . he is a `` management consultant to churches . '' the average web page has more information than this book . definitely not worth the price
i have been a huge fan of michael crichton for about <NUM> years . however , this book is misleading and dangerous . almost every respectable scientist in the world now agrees that global warming is real and that we are greatly accelerating this problem ( except some scientists affiliated with the petroleum and automobile industries ) . writing a book that disputes global warming would be like writing a book that disputes the holocaust - mr. crichton could just as easily have written a book about how the holocaust did not really happen , and provide plenty of `` references '' to support this premise . tragically , in the long term , global warming could be far more destructive than even the holocaust . i hope that someday mr. crichton recognizes that , in addition to his enormous talent for entertaining , he has enormous influence on people 's thoughts and actions through his books . there is a quote : `` with great power comes great responsibility . '' but in this case it would seem : `` with great power comes great profit at the expense of the planet .
this made for tv canadian adaptation of the washington irving story is more faithful than the tim burton movie . ( of the many things that were wrong with tim burton 's version , perhaps the most jarring was the decision to made the headless horseman a real person , when in the book it is clear it is a prank to scare ichabod crane out of the village ) . unfortunately , the fact that this is a faithful version does not necessarily mean that it is an interesting film to watch . in fact , it is pretty dull . the unknown actor portraying crane does n't help a lot , either . ( other actors in the movie are more appealing ) . still , if you have read the original story , you might be interested to watch this version
as a vietnam veteran who was there in <NUM> the flavor of the writing was drab and did not convey what was really going on from the perspective of the ordinary gi . yes , there were some historical facts and biographical info that was interesting but something was missing . i read about <NUM> pages and gave up
just finished emily griffin 's something borrowed then picked this one up right after ... what a difference ! love at first site is extremely boring right off the bat and the writing style is so painfully unnatural i could n't make it past the first <NUM> pages . griffin 's debut , by comparison , is one of the best chick lit novels out there -- very engaging with strong characters and lots of romantic suspense . even if you like british chick lit authors as i do , do n't bother with this one by jane moore
i have loved each and every one of jane hamilton 's other novels and highly recommend them : the book of ruth , a map of the world , short history of a prince and disobedience . this book , sadly , does not rank among them . it feels forced and uninteresting , with outlandish and unrecognizable characters and scenarios . i 've already paid for it , so i 'll probably try to finish it , but do n't waste your time or money . read another hamilton instead
like `` jurassic park '' , this book starts out promisingly but runs out of steam within just a few chapters . my reasons for such an accusation : <NUM> . crichton overloads the reader with scientific facts . and while these can be quite interesting , they often obstruct the action and progress of the storyline ( dan brown , for instance , is a writer who can properly balance compelling action with factual sensitivity ) . as a result , the book comes off as slow and stumbling . <NUM> . the plot is n't all that interesting to begin with . ( vengeful gorillas ? talking gorillas ? misanthropic gorillas ? come on . ) <NUM> . the book 's ending is utterly terrible . <NUM> . cricton 's writing is weak , and the characters are inconsistent and unconvincing . sorry , michael , but this book just did n't do it for me
i never got through listening to this whole album ... i bought it because i was a fan of kelly clarkson and justin guarini - but just hearing the first few minutes of kelly 's version of respect , i lost interest . i do n't recall ever putting the cd in the cd player after that time . so if you like kelly and justin , buy their albums instead
i tought that this movie was going to tell you the real secrets of air force one , but it only talks about the story of the airplane since nixon , and then it just tells you that it is cassified everything about it , so not so many details . i did n't like it
after months of searching , i found the out of print cd here . i had never heard it , but after hearing the fabulous song & quot ; my only & quot ; from the & quot ; good as it gets & quot ; movie soundtrack , i had to hear the album . what a disappointment ! oh well , it would have been hard to make a cd as good as that song
most of these songs are classic , but the disc is too short for it 's own good . clocking in at 35:48 with only <NUM> songs . ouch ! well , i guess you can look at it like an old <NUM> 1/3 rpm . just hit the pause button after track <NUM> . take a deep breath or go to the bathroom or fix a drink . then hit the play button . but seriously , there are so many countless trinkets missing from a collection called , `` 20th century masters : the best of the andrews sisters , the millennium collection , '' wow , that 's a bit long winded . but , with a title like that you ought to have rhumboogie , beer barrel polka , well alright , straighten up and fly right , rumors are flying , etc . do n't get me wrong , it 's a nice introduction but just too short . buyer beware ! finally , why ca n't these compilations of old <NUM> 's have a few more seconds between them ? essentially we have a bunch of singles all crammed together , so why not let them have some breathing room . as i recall , the uk beatles albums from 1963-1966 had a seven second break between songs . i loved it ! it was like giving each song it 's own spotlight . oh , the days of one song at a time .
as a lover of film noir and proud owner of most that are on dvd or vhs , i can say without hesitation that this is one of the very worst ever . the only reason i gave it two stars , instead of one , was because of the fine performers who were saddled with this inane script . joe ferrer 's hypnosis of gene tierney to allow her to sleep is nothing compared to the yawns brought about by the agonizingly slow pace , lack of action , and interminable pauses between lines . at one point , gene tierney swears that she has n't been lying , and you find yourself wanting to respond : `` of course , you have n't . you have n't said anything of import . '' the storyline makes absolutely no sense . jose ferrer has set up the perfect crime so what does he do ? he returns to the scene for no apparent reason other than to be captured . he hypnotizes gene tierney to steal incriminating evidence and then has her place the items where they will inexorably be discovered . a complete waste of wonderful performers . cross this one off the list , and donate the $ 9.99 to your favorite charity . or pourchase `` the dark corner , '' a truly memorable fox noir with an outstanding performance by a breathtakingly gorgeous lucille ball
is there an option for zero . the worst i book i have ever read . he contradicts himself in his points , hoovers over stealing pears ( and other evil things ) and puts me to sleep . i do n't see how this piece of garbage could make anyone a saint , it should be burned . zero stars
i thought colin was sleeping at first . i did n't realize he was `` acting sensitive '' . it would be more interesting to watch paint dry , than this slow , boring , pointless movie . so , his friend is gay , big suprise , and colin movies to new york to live with him and kooky girl . who ever thought robin wright could look ugly ? she used to be an attractive girl , i guess living with sean penn must be very stressful . you probably guessed the plot - kooky girl really loves gay friend , but colin shows up and she sleeps with him gets preggy and they all move to hooterville and live the `` unconventional life '' thats even more boring than living in the `` burbs '' . they are the most conventional `` unconventional '' bores of all time . either overdose on black coffee or skip this one . for extreme colin fans only . enjoy !
i had read -- with delight -- the book called `` mrs. frisby and the rats of nimh '' to my grandsons , so i thought the movie would be a nice followup . wrong ! it barely resembles the book , and all the most important parts are glossed over or left out . it might be ok for a child who has n't read the book , but we were disappointed
i first heard nadia ali on a few tracks from global underground <NUM> - sharam/dubai ( which i seriously recommend ) which immediately made her my new favorite singer - so i bought this with great expectations , only to be really dissapointed . i ca n't imagine why she 's working with this guy - sorry , he 's a hack - these tracks sound like leftovers from kylie minogue 's trash , and yes , i could do better . avoid this at all costs & hope nadia finds somebody with talent to work with ... yawn
firstly i have to say that this is not a mobile masterpiece production it is a bbc production . the production itself is excellent , my favorite adaption of the charles dickens novel . unfortunately the dvd has been put together as if you are watching the production on television . there is an introduction by an american presenter who states that what you are watching is a mobile production . this is tolerable but once you start watching you find that little icons appear on the screen as would appear on television ( i think they are to inform the viewer that wide screen is available ) . finally , before the end credits of the first part , you get to see what will be in next weeks episode . it would have been a simple matter to take the original recording as supplied by the bbc and use this one for the dvd . for some reason the dvd producer decided that is was better to have exactly the same recording as was shown on american television . if you want to get a copy of this production i would recommend getting one that was made for the british market
poor jayne , and the mistakes she made in her short film career.read any biography about jayne , and you will have to agree that she should have never accepted this role.why did she do it ? her life-long competition with marilyn is the only explanation.mm had been in a cary grant movie ( monkey business ) , so jayne just had to do the same.interestingly enough , in the <NUM> cary grant biographies i read , the film is not even mentionned ... jayne fighting for the attention of grant with the beautiful model turned actress , suzy parker , ends up looking like a female-impersonator , and not a good one.in <NUM> jayne was in a position where she could have refused that tacky role , but instead she sure is in this bomb.cary grant was obviouly in it for the money , and his ' i 'm so cool , i ca n't believe it-kind of acting ' just does n't cut it this time.jayne is the fifth wheel , and just looks like she does n't belong-no chemistry whatsoever , and everyone in the film looks embarrassed for her.even her clothes do n't even have the feeling of a movie that is supposed to be set in the 1940's.you end up with the feeling that she is an unwelcomed guest on the film-set . get the dvd , but do n't pay more than a buck for it
oh man , this movie was so hard for me to stay interested in . the story had potential to make a adequate drama/thriller , if only it had been directed right . a lot of times you hear people say , such and such movie `` took itself way too seriously . '' well in this case i do n't think this movie took itself seriously enough . i felt detached from the movie the instant my ear drums vibrated as that ridiculous soundtrack made way into my head . every moment where it had the chance to build a little bit of tension , this goofy music would kick in , or a wacky looney tunes type sound effect would `` boing , '' or do something similarly zany , totally leaving me uninterested . i do n't understand why they would go for that type of comical atmosphere with a story like this . it 's not like the story itself was clever enough to be able to pull off being told in such a manner . the tone of the movie and the tone of the soundtrack conflicted with each other , not a good thing . the one part of the soundtrack i did like was the hollow , ambient type of music they played in many of those desert scenes , that created a good mood i thought . a random point- remember the scene where jennifer lopez almost got pushed off the cliff ? ask yourself , would a normal person react that calmly , or make such a quick witty comment about their situation , when their life hangs in the balance ?
i have never been a demi moore fan , but this movie is even worse than i imagined it would be . my kids picked it up in the videotheque . i decided to give it a fair chance and watched it together with them . demi 's acting is rather passionless , poor and disconnected . she looks old too ! she does n't succeed at all in portraying a woman who is ravaged by the loss of her only child and by her own stupid fault and selfishness too . after just eight months after the tragedy she wanders off to some remote spot in scotland to write a new novel . yeah , sure . that 's what i would do after losing my only child . i probably would be in utter shock for another <NUM> years or so . after five minutes you do n't care at all what happens to her and what fate befalls her . you can see the few twists and turns in the plot coming miles before they happen . and all the illogical things start to get annoying very quickly . a guy who is alone on an island for years who does n't know how to cook a fish and succeeds in burning it . and who puts the spare key to his home out in the open on the sill above the door in a place that is battered by gales almost weekly . a mobile phone that functions in the middle of nowhere . i expected a film with supernatural elements , but boy did i get fooled . some of the photography and scenery was acceptable , but the cgi generated images of the lighthouse were done rather poorly . alas , not a film that i can recommend to anyone .
i bought this cd based on the other reviews . and when i got it , wow , i was very disappointed . this cd is not good at all . it may be good to those of you who like dashboard confessional and stuff like that , but it 's not to my liking . i recommend anadivine , coheed and cambria , or armor for sleep well over this cd
f this self-help industry crap . quasi-astrological poppycock at its worst . i can tell this book clamps on to the mind and squeezes it to death merely by reading the cliched title . humans are far more complex than the hack man-warrior/female-maiden title what's-his-name gives them . and remember , this `` doctor , '' is quietly making mucho mucho bucks off your poor purchase . your goddamned ancestors never needed a book to run their lives , so why do you ? let 's push all the life coaches off cliffs and put the self-help industry to the torch . that 's a great start to a sane life
the book is full of useless fillings . finding your colors is limited to few hair and eye color combinations . it also depends on you doing a test with different colored fabrics & determing how the color reflect against your skin . after reading the book , i still do n't know what my colors are . besides , with so many different color hues on the market , how can one tell if what you 're buying is an ever green or true green for example , confusing . the lack of pictures showing the types of collars they 're recommending for different body types ( e.g mandarin collar , cowl , bardot ... ) ... is annoying , to say the least . questionnaires are poorly structured , & the section on makeup , underwear & accessories is trivial . save your money ( i 'm glad the book i read was a borrow from the library ) and save your time . pass
i was unable to view my dvd of ballet russes since the message on the screen said - not available in this area - or something like that . i have sent <NUM> emails to amazon to tell them i was unable to view it , and despite the fact they promise replies to emails within <NUM> hours , i have heard nothing . so i am not happy at all . i will let you know how good the dvd is when you send me a copy i can view
danielle steel has done it once again . written a book that must have taken her all of one day . i was really disappointed after summer in st. tropez , but thought after a break from her books i 'd try again . sorry i wasted my time . this book is so repetitive , same phrases are not only repeated chapter after chapter but in the same paragraph . the story line seems to drag on forever . if steel 's goal is to `` dumb '' her books down for the masses then she has succeeded . this book is written at about an 11-year-old 's level . do n't waste your time
without a doubt the season had some pivotal moments . but too few and far between and without a clear story arc for sydney . the return of ms. lena olin gave it a shot in the arm , but too little too late . dull villains and dispensing with the cliffhangers were major mistakes that effectively rendered the show toothless . a relentless snorefest considering the brilliance of previous seasons
almost unbelievably bad , except i saw the remake of 'shaft , ' which should have been a forewarning . this is like a comic book for filmgoers . no , not a graphic novel adapted to the screen . more like a comic book for kids , that you 'd be embarassed to own at any age . doubly offensive is the high quality soul music that is on the soundtrack , a travesty to the nth degree .
i would imagine the discs are good . i was very excited to listen to it on christmas morning . disc two seems good , i would n't know about disc one as i opened this on christmas day to find two of disc <NUM> . nice
based on the novel the big arm by clark howard with a screenplay by robert roy pool , this drama directed by ben bolt feels like an adaptation of a large canvas novel with all the detail left in , so that everything reads as subsidiary . set in the chicago of the <NUM> 's , matt dillon stars as a dice player from indiana seeking the big time . however , when you 're juggling at least <NUM> plots it 's only natural that not all of them will come together for a satisfying conclusion . the most promising one concerns dillon 's hustler-like competition with tommy lee jones as the owner of a strip club , with jones having the same spot between the eyebrows as dillon . the problem with filming dice is that the actual game is monotonous , so the best bolt could do is create tension by delaying the next roll or the raising of financial stakes , though he does provide an early montage of dillon with david marshall grant on a winning spree and falling dice and money to the sounds of shake , rattle and roll on the soundtrack . the only other visual trick is the sparks of an overhead train on it 's tracks as dillon and diane lane as jones ' stripper wife kiss to fever . the best of the screenplay is a laugh line of sarcasm and forboding given to meg hogarth as dillon 's mother re his dice mentor 's funeral & quot ; i nearly got crushed in the crowd & quot ; , and cherry jones as a patsy cline-like singer who sneaks up behind dillon , covering his eyes with a guess who ? dillon says her perfume gives her away and she replies & quot ; aint nobody gon na give me away but my daddy & quot ; . this use of eyes and the eyes of the dice are also parallel with bruce dern as the husband of lee grant , dillon 's employer . dern is a former dice champ who has been blinded , but unfortunately this plot point gets no payoff . dillon is also given two romantic partners in lane and suzy amis as a mother of a child out of wedlock . the madonna/whore dichotomy is rather obvious , and the symbolism worse , with amis ' child scoring points for her and the way lane is presented so unflatteringly scores points against her . lane 's fan dance does n't help , since the focus on the scen is more dillon 's twisted attraction/repulsion . the <NUM> 's period works for dillon 's razor etched beauty , the perfect locale for his photographer bruce weber appeal , and he even gives a method touch to the way he hits his own face with a restaurant menu . watch for lolita davidovich as another of jones ' strip club entertainers
this was a complete waste of money . a little phamplet of a book written by a very spoiled woman who is in love with herself more than anyone else
back in <NUM> t2 extreme was released which was an excellent version of the movie . not only did it have excellent extra features , but it had the extended version which is wonderful , and a 1080p version of the original theatrical version ( i.e . this one being reviewed ) playable via home computer . now , at the time the requirements were quite steep in order to view the movie , but to todays computer standards it is minimal . i watched the blu ray version at a friends house , brought over my t2 extreme edition , played it on his computer next to the hdtv , and compared the two . there was hardly any difference and if there was the hat went off to the computer version . why do i mention this ? because this blu ray is over priced and has nothing for extras . you want the best version of t2 you can buy ? then walk yourself down to a local wal-mart and go to the $ 7.00 dvd rack and pick up terminator <NUM> : extreme edition . you 'll want to shoot yourself if you do n't do it . heck , by <NUM> of them for the same price as one blu ray version ! there 's your christmas presents ! !
the songs are poor , the recording quality is worse . for some reason no one can duplicate the sacd multichannel quality in dire straits or allison krause
misleading title , i was attempting to locate the entire games not just the highlights .
does this band even know how bad they sound ? this is the same generic emo c r a p as afi , green day , and my chemical romance . they think they 're sooo clever with the song titles . yeah , right . song titles do n't need to be 1,500,000 words long . by the time they get the titles out in the refrain , the song 's over . as i have said , do n't waste your time or money . chrissy : call me out if you must , but i really do n't give a rat 's a.s.s . what you think of me . to try and derail all the people with common sense is pathetic and childish . ps : `` clueless whiner ! '' re : interesting comment , considering you spent nearly all of your `` review '' bitching about other people . who 's the whiner now
i 'm sad to say that suede has hit rock bottom with `` new morning . '' there 's just nothing here that moves me . no edge to the music or lyrics that i expect from this band that was so darn good in the early <NUM> 's and that desperately tried to carry the torch after butler left . brett anderson 's voice sounds pretty good . i just wish they had better songs to show it off . they had mixed success on coming up and head music but this just falls flat imo . if you are planning to sample suede for the first time after reading or hearing about them i would recommend the bernard butler era albums `` suede '' and `` dog man star '' . the double album b-sides `` sci fi lullabie '' is fantastic too and lets you taste great tracks full of promise even after bernard butler split
this movie is very difficult to watch after awhile . its about a psycho boss but its not funny at all . i did n't laugh through any of the movie . i love dark comedies like election , heathers , to die for , etc but this just did n't work for me . i hated it so much i returned it ( lied and said it was a gift ) . do n't even rent it horrendous
i just purchased my sacd player and picked up boston and billy joel 's the stranger at the same time . after listening to the stranger , my mouth dropped . billy 's voice coming from the center speaker and all the other instruments and melodies coming from every different direction . then i put in boston and could n't tell a difference from the cd version i already own . i think it 's one of the best albums , but if you already own it on cd , do n't bother upgrading - there 's nothing special about the sacd version
i bought this album unheard because i was such a fan of prince . bad move . i agree with the last reviewer . i tried to like it . i really did . but , there is nothing on here worth listening to , let alone dancing to . the subject matter did n't bother me ( he 's certainly been controversial before ) , but i listened to the entire album straight through and could n't tell where one song began and another ended . bored now . only buy this if you 're a completist
this novel could not hold my interest . i am an anne perry fan , but could not get into this book . i could n't really bond with any of the characters and the plot was uninteresting . i 'm really disappointed , because i was looking forward to a new series by her . joseph and matthew lost their parents to murder and joseph lost two close friends to murder , yet there did n't seem to be much emotion . maybe ms. perry tried to tell too many stories within one story . in reviewing the book , it 's hard to pin point exactly why i did n't like this book . i would skip this series and read the pitt series .
although this book would appear to have a lot of promise , it ultimately fails . like mr. taylor 's self-proclaimed & quot ; certified professional landlord & quot ; title ( fill in your name on page <NUM> for your own bogus certification ! ) , these phony forms are imaginative but have little to no legal standing . worse , taylor apparently has little respect for his tenants . one form , the & quot ; tenant late rent warning and excuses & quot ; form ( & quot ; to be given to new , renewing , and late tenants. & quot ; ) asks tenants to mark a box as to why their rent was late . sample excuses : i was mugged . & quot ; you did n't come by when i had the money , & quot ; & quot ; i did n't have a stamp , & quot ; & quot ; i 'm dead. & quot ; a chuckle for a landlord , but also a cynical and unprofessional suggestion . taylor 's advice on handling phone calls from prospective residents is even worse - he promotes using a hard-sell interrogation on the first contact that seems destined to drive away prospective tenants . anyone with intentions to do good business would be well served to get more professional advice than this extremely disappointing book
i watched this movie in religion and was dissapointed that it did n't follow the book . i read the book as a child and saw almost every version of the movie available , but now seeing this one again ( i 'm pretty sure i saw this before ) i was annoyed at how much it changed the book . i think if your going to take a book and make it a movie you have no right to take such liberties . the way mary discovers the garden and the key are absolutely rediculous . also i do n't like colin 's strange fortune-teller like air . i had no emotional reaction to the ending where the children are all grown up because they just seemed like random actors and did n't even remotely resemble the children . do n't get this version if your a purist
a very lackluster effort . sophomoric lyrics and for the most part had nothing to distinguish itself . i liked the title track a lot , and a couple of other ballad type songs , but the rest was poorly done and little imagination
spoilers ahead : i am not hard to please when it comes to horror movies , and totally enjoy a good b flick . but i have to say that this one was just terrible . there 's really no plot and even though you expect the charaters to do some silly stuff like go into creepy houses or whatever , i just could n't believe how stupid the main character really was ! ! how do you continue to hang out at that rest stop when the guy keeps coming back to mess with you ? i mean come on ! ! ! breaking into the rangers office on site , no less , and getting drunk ... all the while waiting for the phycho to come back and have another go at her ? then missing every possible opportunity to kill the psycho . was no one else shouting at the screen `` grab the cop 's gun and shoot the psycho ! '' as they watched him stroll by them to tow his motorbike . and running infront of the truck , in the headlights ... there was forest all around her and she never once went and hid , just hung out inside that disgusting bathroom . a sitting duck that deserved to be put out of it 's misery in my opinion . no , it was simply unbelievable and i was relieved when the credits rolled . so glad i did n't actually pay the rental fee on this one
the film shows no action , except a disgusting performance of cutting apart a dead body , and you ask yourself , in what relation to the subject of the film this stands . ( sorry , forgot the 3-second-sceen of a naked young man ) just the head of 17-year-old lads , who wonder why they got infected , when they work as prostitute , explaning in detail what they are to do in this job and where you can find them in prag . ( like advertising ) you are provided with not the least background information about their education , why they left their home town , why they have no normal job . i would wonder what politics think and do about the youth in the new ec-country , what young people get told about the danger of deceases at school , and what other chances they have in life
this book is far too biased to be taken seriously . throughout the book it appears that the author has an axe to grind and makes it abundantly clear that rudy is not one of his faviorite people . save your money and buy a book about mayor guiliani that is writen by someone who presents more balance
i figured if oprah wanted america to read this book that it could n't be too bad . i had held out on reading faulkner , and now i know why . i read alot and love reading but this book , and `` as i lay dying '' makes me question why oh why faulkner is a classic . my hypothesis is that its so unapproachable therefore people think it must be brilliant . this is a good book for english class when you can sit around and discuss the meanings of it all and read sparknotes together . this is not a book for sitting at home and reading for yourself . if you want to know the story just go read the sparknotes version . the book itself is too hard to figure out and there is little plot . its just a long headache really .
oh my god ... how can be possible that such a talented composer had to fall in such deep nonsense , remaking a whole bunch of old tunes to end up like something much worse than even muzak ? this is the music you 'll hear again and again at the supermarket , just sufficiently engineered to num the brain . kiss of life is the only light of hope ( and that 's why this cd gets <NUM> star - otherwise should be zero , or even negative ! ) but that 's only because i love sade
darryl worley 's `` have you forgotten '' begs another , more relevant question -- `` do you read the paper . '' despite the fact that hussein 's iraq had nothing to do with the 9/11 attacks , he justifies our illegal invasion and occupation of that sovereign nation with references to the twin towers . to xenophobes like worley , the middle east is just one big nation of indistinguishable brown people . he justifies our warmaking with cliched references to `` our freedom , '' apparently oblivious to the irony that the patriot act -- passed in reaction to 9/11 -- has effectively cancelled the bill of rights . he accepts the official version of 9/11 , despite the fact that the story has holes big enough to fly an airplane through . i 've heard some pretty reactionary stuff on country radio before , but this song definitely takes the cake .
i recently purchased this movie after seeing in the past on cinemax . i bought this after seeing it was listed as unrated and directors cut , which i thought was cool it sounded great . now unless the director is a prude this is were i was done wrong . on cinemax they showed a hell of alot more than on this dvd . this had so much heavy editing that i felt so wronged in my purchase . if anyone else feels the same join the club . the movie had some hot scenes , but after watching this version i lost the interest real quick . the movie should have at least <NUM> to <NUM> stars for its sex and nudity , but i felt wronged . the only thing i could think of is that someone messed up and put the pg-13 version in my box
`` the last river - the tragic race for shangri-la '' ....... tragic . yes i 'd agree that this book is tragic . tragic that i bothered reading it ..... tragic that i paid for it in order to read it ..... tragic that todd wasted his time writing it ...... tragic that i disliked it so much that i can be bothered writing a review . the warning should have come upon examination of the back of the dust jacket . `` advance praise for the last river '' it reads . in retrospect this means no one is prepared to recommend the book after they have read it . it seems that todd had a vision of how big a book needs to be , and went to great lengths to flesh out the story to reach his goal . so much of the content has so little relevancy to the story , that you soon tire trawling through it . this was my third tsango experience . i do recommend the outside documentary on the lindgren expedition . `` hell or high water '' is not outstanding , but is worth a read , but on this book , my advise to todd is please make this the last river that you drag through the wringer
i was so disappointed . this book is about <NUM> % material that was previously published in a much classier book , a wonderful time . readers lucky enough to have the earlier book should not waste their money on this rehash
after reading his last few book with `` co-authors '' i wonder if he is even writing at all or are all the sub-par novels being churned out under his name coming straight from the `` co-author '' . i have been a fan of mr. patterson since my first alex cross novel almost <NUM> years ago . while i still enjoy the cross books , i find them more and more out of character as each new book comes out . alex-vs- the vampire cult ? ? ? kyle craig a serial killer ? ? ? alex joins the fbi ? ? ? give me a break . i can only hope from the description of cross x the series jumps back over the shark and gets back the glory it deserves
it was a very slow and boring book ! never got to the ending woth any build up or expectation
hey everyone that wants the total domination song u can get it on a different cd . and the real name of the song get ready for this and u get the cd of this site and the cd is called jock jams 1. ur welcome all of u that wanted this song cauise i have been lokking fior at leasst <NUM> years lkkking for this song and i finally found it and it 's only 12.99. excellent or what
it does not seem that thomas pauley is particularly rich . one of his best success stories is getting a good loan rate so he could buy a used mercedes that had 55,000 miles on it . that 's rich ? ! it seems that if he were `` rich beyond his wildest dream '' he would pay cash for for any new car available and not think twice about it . there is also a fair amount of nutty ideas like `` if most of the world believed in fairies , unicorns and mermaids , you would see them running around all of time . '' one of the most objectionable ideas is his concept of tithing . he makes god out to be some sort of cosmic accountant that will strike back at you is he does not get his <NUM> % . additionally mr. pauley 's concept of tithing is very specific . according to mr. pauley giving to a church or charity is not tithing . giving <NUM> % to a rock star because you are inspired by his lyrics is fine ( as in the case of his son ) . if fact he would say that giving to poor people would be `` foolish spending '' . you should tith to your spiritual source . i get the distinct impression that he wants me to kick back <NUM> % to him . there are a few good ideas like make lists and get specific about your goals but it is never followed up by an action plan . you should just put in your order and wait for the universe to fill it . mr pauley covers himself with a hugh loophole which is , if this system did n't work for you it means that the universe did n't want you to have it . i suggest napolin hill 's `` think and grow rich '' instead .
now that i have a son , i have noticed that he is much different than my daughters . i was one of those people who thought boys and girls are not much different , it 's all about environment . i was very wrong ! that discovery is what led me to buy this book . i want to understand my son better . it started out with some interesting thoughts about how school is not set up for boys , but for girls and that boys are `` hard wired `` to be as they are , but it definitely had a hostile tone toward women . i do not consider myself a feminist , but i was offended at the author 's view of females . he is a `` masculinist '' . he offers sympathy to the <NUM> year old patient who impregnates a girl and then is angry that she wo n't have an abortion . why should he be involved with a child he does n't want ? he says men do n't pay their child support because the mothers make them angry and they are justified in that . his views on male sexuality are depressing . men just want sex and there is nothing we can do about that . i would not want this guy in my son 's life . most importantly , i consider advice on how to raise a boy dubious at best coming from someone who has never lived with a boy . the authors has only daughters ! i truly do n't know how this guy got famous . i could only see him fanning the flames of women haters
i bought this cd because `` superstreet '' rated it so well in their magazine . the beats are continous and boring . if he had any skillz he should have used them for more uptempo beats . but everyone who rated this seemed to like it so at least he has some fans outthere . my recommendation do n't buy it unless you like slow boring not even close to melodic beats how one could even dance to this is an enigma to me . in other words i 'll never buy another cd with chris fortier 's name on it ever again
ok i love action films except this one ... the previews fooled me really badly , i thought jet li would somehow take down all the arrows like how the previews showed it ... but no , he dies . that is a tragedy . if ur marketing a film and setting an expectation , make sure u meet it otherwise people get angry , like me
nowhere on the product description did it mention the content enclosed in the gift set , leading me to believe it was new or unique material . unfortunately , it is <NUM> dvds , one for each comic , <NUM> of which i already owned . enlosed is white : tater salad cable guy : git-r-done foxworthy-redneck engvall : here 's your sig
the product was great ; unfortunately , i ordered it in december <NUM> , with a promise of delivery around jan. <NUM> . the cd did not arrive until january 26th ! ! ! i almost reordered it by that time . what happened here ?
there were no complete examples , i could not understand anything . ada must be very hard , it is impossible to learn anything from the book
i was just waiting for this one to come out on dvd . voila ! it 's here and i rent it . god , oh god , oh god - this film had so much potential and super actors , but the story was so full of holes , i could 've drained my spaghetti in it ! not one single question regarding the plot of the film was answered ! ! ! not a single one ! since i refuse to watch it again , i now have to go to bed asking myself if i did n't perhaps miss something . let 's go on the record here : acting - superb ( michael caine 's still got it ) ; filming - superb ; suspense - superb ; action -superb ; plot - as weak as my overcooked spaghetti . everything was there but the plot . like having my palate whet , without ever tasting the dish . frustrating , hmmm
bottom line ... <NUM> . if you liked gore , you will love it and visa versa . <NUM> . it is one-sided , plain and simple . <NUM> . nobody considers the poor inept voter who failed to comprehend a simple ballot , or the responsibility of a voter to unsterstand at least enough english to distinguish `` gore from bush '' . democrats wanted quantity , and the lack of quality also extended into the indecisive and ambiguous recount procedures that hundreds of lawyers just could n't get right .
since `` luck of the draw '' bonnie raitt or her record producers have been out to lunch . `` fundamental '' sounds like a jam session gone bad . there is really nothing special on this cd , except for `` the spit of love '' . when are we going to hear a song like `` when the spell is broken '' again ? bonnie seems to have passed the female blues guitar mantle to sue foley and kris wiley . sorry , i 'll stick with her old albums
do n't get me wrong - it is wonderful to have a chorus line back on broadway . it is also wonderful to have this new recording , which is essentially the entire score . it be nice if `` and ... '' could have made the cut , but the money hungry producers should n't be expected to include that . ( yes , that was sarcasm ) . the current revival is a wonderful evening in the theatre - but what makes it so wonderful is only part of what made it so wonderful the first time around . michael bennett 's choreography and direction are brilliant , and they alone are worth the price of admission . when the show fails , it fails because of the cast . unfortunately , most of the flaws have been captured on this recording . some of the orchestrations are bland and sound `` canned '' ( just as it does in the theatre . ) the opening number plays at a deathly pace . charlotte d'amboise ca n't sing . it just does n't work . get it if you 're a collector , but if you 're not - save your money . get the original
it sounded like a remix sung by someone else , not at all like the original . my husband and i were very disappointed and because of it i have n't even opened the other cds by kc & the sunshine band that i ordered . do n't order this product
i found this book to be based on a kernel of truth wrapped in innumerable layers of unconfirmable speculation ( how many people really have access to intelligence agency archives ? ) and one-sided 'analysis ' . it is clear the bin ladin was 'lost ' at tora bora when our troops were called back to garrison , allowing him to escape . this goes even farther to the right than micheal moore goes to the left . if you want a look at the subject from someone who was involved through several administrations , read `` against all enemies : inside america 's war on terror '' by richard clarke . if you buy this book , you are paying for propaganda
having bought shaday and kirya by miss haza , i bought desert wind with the notion that it would be as fantastic as the aforementioned . boy was i wrong . gone are the heavy yemenite/israeli beats and flavor , as is haza singing in hebrew . instead , i found her beautiful voice swallowed up by abhorrent <NUM> 's synth-pop cheese and benal lyrical content , with hebrew only in the chorus at most . there is not a single song , with the exception of `` slave dream '' that i could bear to listen to all the way through , and most of the songs are laughably bad . so , fans of haza 's other works , do yourself a favor and save your [ money ] and buy shaday or kirya . unless you want a good laugh , then by all means , purchase away
to preface : i am a longtime fan of inxs and own everything from listen like thieves to elegantly wasted . elegantly wasted is , in my opinion , almost worse than full moon , dirty hearts . actually , i will definitively say it is worse . there are the gems show me ( cherry baby ) and elegantly wasted , the title track , but the album quickly runs out of gas , runs together , and seems uniformly tepid , like lukewarm water . it does n't rock the way inxs usually rocks . it attempts to experiment like some of the earlier projects successfully did , only unsuccessfully . there are n't the hooks or the tunes to redeem it . this is disappointing because i am a fan and i want to give the band an open ear and not condemn their work . but this album , unfortunately , stinks . if you 've ever seen inxs ' live baby live concert or listened to any album from <NUM> 's listen like thieves to <NUM> 's welcome to wherever you are , you probably concur that inxs was ( and is , thanks to their newfound popularity with the rockstar inxs tv show ) a band capable of a great sound and a load of great songs . for instance , the entire playlist around <NUM> was one great song after another . it was the pinnacle of the band 's career . michael 's stage performance oozed with charisma and sexiness , andrew 's ( and michael 's ) songwriting was top notch , the band 's arrangements were tight and good . and then something happened . fan reaction to x was much more tepid than to kick , although x still sold fairly well . the band embarked on a successful tour . around this time , grunge became huge in the global musical consciousness , and by the time of welcome to wherever you are in <NUM> , the inxs sound was out-of-style . but ironically , that album contains some of the band 's most diverse , greatest work . inxs is releasing a new album soon with their new lead singer , j.d . i hope , and am confident , that it will be a return to greatness for the band . i believe that they can still crank out bitchin ' tunes once again
hi , i have been waiting to watch this show for along time and was very dissapointed . everything had been scripted from the cousin wearing a seamore butts teashirt and running around town for diffrent things through the whole show , the mother was boring and seamor butts constantly plugging his company ! he had avertized through the whole movie , like when he went to a high school reuion and told everybody that he was seamore butts . i bought the second season without watching the first , big mistake ! . a big <NUM> thumbs down !
the good girl is a horror of a film . it imagines itself as an ode to the everyman , trapped in a humdrum existence . what it becomes on film is an insulting example of hollywood filmmaking at its worst . i use the word insulting because that is what i felt as i watched this movie . aniston , nelson , gyllenhaal , all are trying so hard to be average that they seem on the verge of a `` forrest gump '' imitation . gyllenhaal and aniston in particular seem to be doing a caricature of working folk . the way they slump around and furrow their brows as they trudge thru the tired dialog , it 's as though each is fighting to understand what the other is saying . the film itself is grey and dull . the other characters in the film flat and stereotypical ( i.e . the coworker who invites her to bible study ) . overall this movie is n't worth the time or effort it took to transfer it to dvd . in another era it probably would have never made it to the screen . oh how i miss that era .....
and this is from someone who thinks that u2 music and lyrics are in the top echelon of rock music accomplishments , next to those of led zeppelin , bob dylan , pink floyd , nirvana . let me be frank here : these videos , with the exception of wim 's spot and the footage from the <NUM> gig , are an evidence of total lack of creativity and spirit . period
this season gets way too soap opera for my family 's taste , but maybe thats just us . i just wish they had kept it simpler like it was in the beginning
my sister got this cd , and at first i did n't care . until i heard the beatles covers . i was absolutely horrified at what they did to those classic songs . the people who make these are the spawn of idiocy . if those kids ruin another great song i 'll hunt them down and throttle them in their sleep
i really did love his collaboration with deepak on living beyond miracles , but i am beginning to grow tired of hearing the same stuff . if you want original and someone who is a gifted writer and humble man , deepak is so much more of a deep thinker . i get really tired of hearing wayne regurgitate other people 's work . it is as if he does n't have an original thought without quoting someone else 's work . and when he told the audience thank you for him being able to buy a house on maui , i was actually a little bit offended in that i felt sorry for the audience . ( i saw this on pbs ) at first , they laughed and then they actually looked sad after he said it . i have heard him do this in every single audio work i have listened to in some way or another , and it is truly full of the ego he tells us to get away from . i know we 're all human , but there always seems to be a sting in his work that shows how big his head really is . too bad ! without it , he could change so many more people 's lives
i thought this was going to be a nice book about fashion and the woman who wears it . boy , was i disappointed ! it is really shallow , reads like something a 5th grader wrote . seriously ! i sooooo want my money back
in one second season ep terry jones ( what a common last name ! ) does a totally lousy , unfunny job doing a strip tease job . he ca n't talk well either . he really is n't that talented a performer in these senses .
there 's little to no indication of literary talent here . but it was an interesting story , and certainly not the worst novel i ever read , so i give it two stars .
it seems to me that jon brion has a split personality as a musician . on one hand , he is an austere and formal composer in the classical sense ( see his brilliant symphonic score for magnolia ) . and on the other hand , he is a pop magician , creating hooks within a beatlesesque format as a producer and songwriter . with eternal sunshine of the spotless mind , jon brion taps into the latter musical personality , and given the context of a movie score , it feels ill-suited . the scale of a movie score requires greater complexity in the composition than brion 's pop wizardry , as superlative as it is on albums by rhett miller , aimee mann , and the like , as well as on his own solo effort , meaningless . most of the pieces on this soundtrack are mere shells of pop songs albeit with some winds and strings . the difficulty and the sense of traditional musical history that informed the greatness of the magnolia score is all but lost on this soundtrack . as another reviewer commented , most of the pieces are extremely short , less than two minutes . jon brion clearly has the brains . so why not show it ?
i was dispointed from seying this movie . after seing wild orchid movies , <NUM> <NUM> weeks movies and two moon junction movies i was expecting wide sargo sea to be a great movie after seing the editorial about it . the course of the movie was really good but near the end when she looses everything was tragic to mee . i did not get the point of this movie . it 's worth renting . but i certainly would not buy it
i purchased this cd expecting a solid group of songs from jmm . however , this album really lacks when it comes to good material . there really is n't one song that stands out , nothing worth playing over and over . the entire album is pretty much `` blowing flowers out of your [ rear end ] '' types of songs . the title cut , `` pictures '' is about a guy that likes to take pictures of his family and looks forward to taking more . it sounds like something an <NUM> year old wrote . rather than wasting <NUM> bucks on this cd , get a pat green or brad paisley cd , they are much more worth your money
i bought this out of a desire to reconnect with my childhood . blackstar was one of those shows i warmly recall getting up early on saturday mornings to watch . having watched the episodes again 25+ years later , i find them a little nostalgic ... and more than a little annoying , to be honest . the music is ultra-cheesy , as are the sound effects , the dialogue , the animation , the characters , and the plot . on the upside , my five-year old son seems to like them , and there is a sense of satisfaction that he enjoys the same sort of thing i did when i was young . my advice , buy the dvd for children under the age of <NUM> , but do n't buy them for yourself .... just cling , cling like mad to your fond childhood memories of the show
lonestar did n't really surprise me with their <NUM> effort . i 'm already there and not a day goes by suffers from `` amazed '' syndrome . amazed 's <NUM> multi-format mega success is spread all over this album , their wanting to sound like every '80s heavy metal band power ballad . did they listen to monster ballads <NUM> too much while making this album in nashville ? i 'm already there comes off as very diane warren-ish in its sappy lyrics . their wanting to be diverse as a country band is okay , but these songs do n't work for them . these songs are just complete fluff and their other songs are far better than this .
i 'm a huge fan of dream theater , owning all their studio albums , and some singles . i loved sfam , i & w , sdoit , and awake . after their peak at sfam , i did n't expect them to release anything better . but i did n't expect them to release anything that was too bad . they did . octavarium , flat out , is n't dream theater . no guitar or drum solos , not flourishes , no pretenstious and self-indulgent metal peices . buy this if you like u2 or coldplay , do n't buy it if you like dream theater .
i 'm a huge dylan fan -- -own everything he ever released . in my humble opinion , this is bob 's worst . just a really bad cd . 'nuff said
i was just a little confused when this cd came out a few years ago . i bought it because well ... it 's celine , and i adore her . but ... why did she release this cd besides to make some money during her absence ? i mean ' c'mon ! where 's volume <NUM> or <NUM> ? are we going to get them , or are we just stuck with this volume <NUM> with very random songs on it ? if you 're a celine fan , get this cd to fill out your collection , but if you 're not ... do n't waste your money . if you want a celine album , i would recommend all the way : decade of hits , and one heart
i was disappointed with my purchase . the first two tapes in the series were fine , but when i inserted the 3rd tape into my machine the tape started feeding out the front of the machine . i checked the tape and the wheels or sprockets they were wound on were loose and free floating inside the plastic casing . i , then examined the other remaining cassettes and <NUM> of the <NUM> had the same problem . i wonder if these products were seconds or something ? i would not order from this vendor again because it could have ruined my machine and because it is a hassle to have to return merchandise in today 's busy work world .
i 've reviewed this cookbook before from the point of view of the contents , for which i gave it <NUM> stars . i use this cookbook all the time and absolutely love it . unfortunately , i use this cookbook all the time and the cheap glued binding has not held up . about half the pages have detached and i 'm a few chapters away from having to pull the whole thing apart and put it in a three-ring binder . interestingly , the same publisher used a sewn binding for the babbo cookbook , so i guess the gourmet recipes get the quality treatment . i would still recommend purchasing the cookbook for the wonderful preparations , but shame on the publisher for using such poor components on a book designed to be repeatedly opened and laid flat
thank you to the people out there specifically rating the edition . the `` new '' features really do suck . let the movie companies know you 're sick of this re-issue , new edition garbage , and everyone out there keep on giving bad reviews to these crappy `` new '' editions . let the weasely bean counters in accounting know that their greedy grab for a profit margin will ultimately turn consumers off from buying their products period . it 's certainly given me pause when it comes to buying a new dvd .
you 'll see other postings here that discuss the details of what capitol 's engineer did on this <NUM> release to reduce hiss , etc . believe it . compared to the <NUM> version of the disc or the better mobile fidelity gold disc ( <NUM> ) this version is awful . it 's like a bucket of mud was dumped over his vocals . there are a bunch of threads on this topic on the forums of steve hoffman , one of the best sound engineers in the business . but the bottom line is most people who care about this music would like to see capitol go back to the original master tapes and treat frank right . the mastering issues apply to a lot of the <NUM> sinatra discs labeled `` entertainer of the century '' on the side
i am so dissapointed in this cd . i bought it because i have `` blow by blow '' and `` jeff beck with the jan hammer group '' and i love those cds . this crap sounds like somebody that heard those recordings , practiced for one week and tried to do an imitation of them . i do n't like one cut on the entire cd . i only gave it one star because i could n't find a way to give it less .
wow , i was shocked at this dvd release . i read a review of this dvd on amazon and i though its going to be amazing . but i was trully dissapointed . derric green is not a good vocalist for sepultura and he doesnt play good guitar which is needed for the old song from max 's era . andreas cant play solos while playing old tunes because the drums and bass dont keep up and u dont even know what song they are playing at times its so bad . and as a stage performance by green its terrible . he dont even know how to move on stage . the guest apperancec what the high lite on this dvd . the documentary is so lame i wouldnt even call it a documentary . its just a bad dvd but with a nice cover thats it . sorry sepultura , time for a change in the front office . aka green giant . sorry
i read this book after being enchanted by the accidental tourist and other of anne tyler 's books . this book deals with the life of a depressed teenage girl and unless that kind of thing interest you , i would not recommend reading it . on the up side , it 's really short so you can get through it rather quickly . i was hoping to read a good book , but only felt worse after finishing this one
the movie starts off very slowly , with childhood episodes from ashton kutcher 's character . it 's at least 1/2 an hour before we see the adult kutcher , although he does appear at the very beginning for a brief scene . the premise is good , and it has some good momentum in the middle , which is why i gave it two stars . the shifting situations of his life and the lives of his friends are interesting and well done , but the overall story line is very weak , and the ending is dreadful and not supported by most of the rest of the story . also , the movie has too many tongue-in-cheek references to kutcher 's real life circumstances -- such as the reference to `` tighty-whities . '' they distract from the story , and make the movie more of a vanity vehicle -- which is too bad -- if you are not a kutcher convert and are just looking for a movie , skip this one
i loved the <NUM> 's . some great things happened to me in the <NUM> 's and i have tons of great memories , none of which are associated with anything about this compilation . to be fair , i 'm ok with <NUM> , maybe <NUM> of the songs . tubthumping and shine i can deal with . the former was kind of good but severely overplayed for and by the worst kind of people . the latter is not a good song but somehow it has grown on me , plus i think it 's funny that the guitar part is stolen directly from the kinks ' & quot ; lola & quot ; . i 've always thought i 'm too sexy was funny , bad but funny . and the en vogue song is actually kind of good , but do n't tell anyone i said that . the rest of the album ? crap of the crappiest crap caliber . the macarena ? mambo no . <NUM> ? whoomp there it is ? those songs should never have even seen the light of day . and o.p.p . was possibly the worst thing about the <NUM> 's . plus does anybody really need to own the theme from friends ? why why why ? ? ? ? ! ! ! ! ! the only attrocity this cd is missing is that awful choo choo train song . please make this one go away quickly
no wonder john gardner did n't write more fiction books . he was far too preoccupied with what he believes makes good fiction , rather than actually writing it . `` creative atrophy '' i believe john gardner himself would call it . if there 's ever been a better example of the `` those who ca n't do , teach '' argument , i have n't encountered it . this is hardly the place a `` young writer '' should start . instead , how about reading what you like and avoiding `` ignoramouses '' such as john gardner ? john gardner is unable to accept the fact that many of the world 's finest writers never made it through college , and many more did n't have the luxury of a `` rigorous classical education . '' the most hilarious part is where gardner mentions that only through a line-by-line university level discussion will anybody ever be able to fully enjoy shakespeare . it 's interesting to note how gardner , who `` taught '' creative writing at the university level , fails to exhibit the critical thinking and objectivity he says one can only obtain through a college education
a more appropriate title for this book would have been : `` transformed away from the truth ... the liberalization of the worldwide church of god ; the remarkable story of a church 's journey from the religion of jesus to a religion about jesus '' . love him or hate him ... the lectures , broadcasts , published books and magazine articles of herbert w. armstrong brought many thousands of people all over the world to the knowledge and acceptance of jesus christ as personal saviour ... many of whom had never even considered attending a church before ! this was no pop culture 'plastic jesus ' , but the christ of the bible ... whose actual teachings would still be much in disfavor in today 's supposedly 'enlightened ' evangelical world . yet , the author of this book vainly tries to insist that the worldwide church of god under the direction of armstrong was more hung up on the 'law of moses ' and the 7th day sabbath , rather than the `` grace '' of jesus ... and thus relegated him ( jesus ) to background status behind god the father , and bible prophecy . in <NUM> the wcg published perhaps the best book written to date about the life , person and teachings of jesus christ , `` the real jesus '' by garner ted armstrong who , at the time was a high ranking minister in the denomination . this , along with all the other christocentric books and articles published by armstrong over the decades since <NUM> , are all strangely ignored ... as if armstrong himself , never gave christ as much as a passing thought ! joseph tkach jr. goes on to largely bear 'false witness , ' as it were , against the church ; its teachings ; its mission ; and its founder and late pastor general h.w . armstrong . he takes armstrong to task over having the audacity to actually think that god would use him , to start a new era in the chronology of church history .... yet he himself mulls over the same thing , in his own role in the destruction of the denomination , which ironically he sees as a new beginning 'under grace ' ... whatever that means , since he 's gone on to disfellowship entire congregations in various parts of the country ... for continuing on in the traditional faith and worship practices , and for refusing to adopt his new 'tupperware party ' style of pop-worship service . about the most interesting thing in the book , were the charts tracing all the breakaway conferences , or 'splinter groups ' as he calls them ... however , the biggest irony is that the largest breakaway group , `` united church of god '' now has more members than the wcg under the tkach regime ! another shortcoming of the book is the total lack of comment on , or concern for the victims of the church 's meltdown ; the divided families ; the fired long-time ministers and other employees , and the total disruption of the colleges . perhaps the church 's new leaders need to write and sell books to make an income ; since over 100,000 members picked up and left the organization since tkach and feazell took over the reins . make no mistake about it ... he ( tkach ) has his fans , who view him as a 'liberator ' , while his detractors suspiciously view him as the possible end-time 'man of sin sitting in the seat of moses ' , mentioned in revelation ! christ did say `` ye will know them by their fruits ... '' thus far the fruits of tkach 's leadership have resulted in a bitter harvest
it is hard to imagine what the american songbook ever did to rod stewart that he would decide to degrade it like this , not once , not twice , but three times . stewart 's decision to approach these shop-worn standards ranks up there with napoleon 's decision to invade russia during the winter , it is staggeringly ill conceived . the problem , of course , is his voice . the selection of material seems ideally suited to showcase his limitations as a singer , which are countless . for starters , he has almost no range at all . next , his raspiness has no inherent beauty , and these are songs intended for beautiful voices . by their very nature , the selections are vehicles for skilled singers , their simplicity allows excellent performers to interpret and express individual perspective . stewart , because he is a rock and blues singer , never learned the fundamentals of singing and certainly never developed a mature , expressive voice . he scratches along the surface of these listless vehicles with the charm of a man skating over ice with sandpaper strapped to his shoes . banks of strings and fabulously misguided collaborations , ( dolly parton ! ) , do not mask but highlight what is wrong with this project . bear in mind that i like rod stewart ; he 's from scotland and he 's the prototypical brit blues belter . if you want to know what he 's actually good at , dig out your copy of jeff beck 's first release , truth . stewart delivers some of the best blue-eyed twelve bar wailing ever recorded . but that 's the problem . on truth it was the cigarettes , whisky , and swagger in his voice that made him great - it was n't about singing technique - it was about authenticity . here , the focus is on singing , and his limitations are embarrassingly spotlighted . albums like this never get made unless the performer already has name recognition that guarantees sales , nightmares of this stripe could never stand on their own merits . to be avoided at all cost .
throughout this book mr. shulman denigrates the contribution of the wright brothers . his bias is so prevalent throughout the book that i found myself shaking my head as i read blatantly contradictory statements within <NUM> lines of each other . the author 's opinions and accusations are either based on his limited research or his intentional omission of fact . if you 're even considering buying this book , i would direct you to the author 's own words following a completely inane paragraph of conjecture about orville wright ............ & quot ; or perhaps not. & quot ; that about sums up this biased inaccurate ploy concealed in the history section
i could n't get through this book . i managed to read through the first <NUM> chapters before getting really irritated at all of the grammatical and spelling errors . it is as if the author did not have anyone edit her work before submitting it to be published . and since it was published by iuniverse , i should n't have been that surprised . also , i was constantly detracted by the overuse and inappropriate use of adjectives , metaphors and cliched phrases . the one thing this book had going for it was the plot . the prologue was the only thing that i would consider decently written in the entire novel . there are glaring disrepencies throughout the novel that absolutly could not be ignored . the characters switch back and forth so much you can not get a grasp as to who they really are . because of this they seem supremely superficial . this book came across as being very quickly written as there are so many jumps from scene to scene and very obvious contradictions that it was really difficult for me to get as far as i did . do not waste your money on this book . the plot is n't good enough to make up for the terrible writing
i found the other reviews very interesting . yes , the movie is very well acted , which is the only reason i gave it <NUM> stars but frankly the abuse was so horrific i found the movie barely watchable . i admit that when watching a movie i look for something to entertain & escape into . if i want reality , i 'll watch cnn . for that reason , while i know child abuse exists & think it needs to be acknowledged to end it , i do n't really want to watch someone hurt children ( & animals ) . maybe part of the reason i had such a problem with this movie was the fact that everyone talks about what a great children 's movie this is . it 's only appropriate if your idea of a children 's movie is `` friday the 13th '' . the violence is way too intense to let children watch
intensely homophobic , heterosexist , and hateful , this film represents the twisted fears and logic of the early panic stage of the disease in the 1980s . it was a time when the public was eager to pin the epidemic squarely on the shoulders of gay men , blaming antisocial `` aids carriers '' for carelessly or intentionally infecting chaste wives and innocent babies . it was a time when the public blamed aids on lust-driven , irresponsible gay men and cheating husbands . the film is pretentious and overbearing in its failed attempt to masquerade as a sophisticated inquiry into moral responsibility in the age of hiv . it reinforces the simplistic outdated idea that those who are infected with hiv can be neatly separated into the categories of `` deserving '' or `` undeserving '' - immoral monsters and their innocent victims sitting together on death row . twenty years ago , perhaps this film would have its place as a document reflecting our social ignorance and failures in coping with a new epidemic . we did not know then that hiv was a predominantly heterosexual global pandemic . today this film is a sophomoric attempt to assign blame and reinforce old prejudices about hiv and hiv+ people . most importantly , hiv is no longer a death sentence to americans who discover their status and enter medical treatment early . as someone who counsels and tests hundreds of people for hiv infection every year , i would not recommend this film to anyone seeking knowledge or entertainment
racist cop john shaft ( again the over rated sam jackson ) thinks that he can break all the rules and beat up innocent people , blow up the streets of new york and shoot anyone he wants to , well , this movie is a bit of something absurd . the direction is terrible , the action sequences are cliched and the `` black brother '' message does n't really make sense because it falls flat by endorsing to kill all `` honkeys '' . i would avoid this mess unless of course you are someone who feels that violence is necessary against innocent civilians .....
i agree that this book is absolutely essential to lawschool or practicing law . that 's what makes even more horrible ! ! ! i studied english all through college , and relied on the mla handbook , which is great ! ! why ca n't the bluebook people hire the mla people to come up with a legal reference book that is well-organized and not utterly confusing ! ! of course , this review is worthless , b/c if you plan on going to lawschool , working as a paralegal , or doing anything legal , the bluebook is a must have , and there 's no way getting around it
with perverse , mike edwards set out to prove that jesus jones was more than a ` sunny , breezy pop band ' , what he ended up proving was that if they were n't no one was interested . sad to say , but pop hooks were what people expected from jj , and actually there are some here , but they are smothered by industrial/techno gook . stick with doubt , that 's where jj peaked , even if some claimed they had ` sold out ' . here they are pushing the boundaries , but that does n't always make for a great listening experience
gah . judging from earlier descriptions of this box , i thought it 'd be uncut and billingual like other 4kids dvds . it 's not the case , so no dice
this book has a lot of information most of which is useless calculus integration with vary brief summery which seems to me being derived from other books just thrown into the mix with general categories . the book is basically an oversized machinery 's handbook but with a poorly written index and with a lot of inapt formulas that do n't have a explanation for formula variables used in the equation . if you do a lot of strength of material design i would suggest a machinery 's hand book , or the mcgraw hill mechanical engineering design book which is an excellent p.e . exam reference book . stay away from the roarks formulas for stress & amp ; strain book its more poorly written then the marks
while well written this work is simply another example of historical revisionism . not really worth the time .
i 'd rather hear luther any day . this is so watered down .... was givin to me as a gift and i should have returned i
i have to say that i was not familiar with any darkman comics , or had had any other contact with the character apart from this movie so i can not compare the character to other sources . therefore , coming from someone that did not `` know '' darkman prior to the film i have to say that the movie was quite a disappointment ! there are the obvious comic book characteristics that one finds in these types of movies , like the shadow , batman etc , which is interesting . nevertheless , darkman was quite a disappointment considering the make-up of the cast : liam neeson , larry drake , and frances mcdormand among others . it is the story of a scientist who falls victim to a group of gangsters resulting in his horrendous disfigurement . in an effort to exact revenge , he makes use of his latest invention in order to appear like his targets/victims .... in short , the acting and the plot are average ( nothing great ) , while the dialogues are way below average . the movie falls into the action/adventure/horror type of category . the characters are , overall , bland and just plain uninteresting ( e.g . rick anderson played by the `` fool , '' ted raimi , from the xena series ) . though the potential for a good movie was definitely there it fails to take off . a shame really ... in a nutshell , it 's not a movie you would want to add to your collection , but it might provide for an evening 's entertainment , and that 's about it . no masterpiece here ... <NUM> stars
bad . the songs are only okay , and the dances are pretty bad for fred astaire . astaire later said it was the worst movie he ever made . i agree with him <NUM> percent
i have found that there are two types of r & amp ; h works . there are the lively and upbeat scores , like cinderella and sound of music . then there are the slower and denser scores , like carousel and the king and i , which are not bad , but not to my liking . there are not many songs on here that appeal to the popular tastes . music theorists will probably love it . i have found that the best r and h works are the ones that sound like they were written today , most notably sound of music
of historical interest only , this book never was a comprehensive overview of musical acoustics , instead focusing on benade 's interests . now , it is horribly outdated . much interesting work is not in here ... in fact there is no really top notch acoustics book with modern research available at this time
i wish i could have found a snippit of each song when deciding whether or not to purchase this album . instead i relied upon the other reviews and my memory of 'take on me ' and 'the living daylights ' from when i was younger . i decided to take a chance and purchase this album . i listened to the album once and have no real desire to hear it again . the music/lyrics stink ( unless the listener considers hearing about broken relationships and lack of commitment to other people and oneself enjoyable ) . i would definitely listen to any of ah-ha 's albums/songs prior to deciding whether or not to purchase them
i 've been a huge fan of the isleys for over <NUM> years , and stuck by them through the early motown soul and their golden groove-funk period of the 1970s , through to the later stuff right up to the excellent mission to please album . but that 's when they should have dumped r. kelly , because it 's the last album that had any really decent hook to it . and when you have a blistering guitarist like ernie isley , why bury him so far in the mix that his licks sound like they 're being played through cotton wool ? r. kelly 's plodding grooves just grind from one indistinguishable track to another , which is pretty much the case on the even more disappointing follow-up to this , body kiss . the only track that kicks any ass here is the opener , move your body , which fools you into thinking this might be a return to former glories for our heroes . sadly , the leaden funk of r. kelly then comes crashing in like a tidal wave of sludge and we get a whole turgid mess of leaden walking-pace 'grooves ' that might sound all right in the background when you 're getting it on with the partner of your dreams , but as listening music just gets you all exasperated and reaching for the 3+3 album again . come on , isleys , dump the kelly glop and get back to what you can do best
this movie was very disturbing to me , i did'nt like seeing the freaky animals in cages.the frog with the dog head bothered me.i do n't recommend this movie for small children as they would take it too serious . there were some funny parts and tim allen played a very good role . i am an animal lover and i do n't like seeing any kind of mistreatment of animals even if it is a movie . now i know why this movie never came to my local theatre
well , before buying this i had never even heard of bright eyes . just so you know my background , i generally dislike indie and emo . i usually listen to hardcore and screamo . but for some reason i became interested in this band . ( or person ) someone compared a cd of their 's to a death cab cd . me being a pretty big death cab fan , i decided to go out and buy this ep to see if i liked this band at all . this review is the result of that listen . the ep opens up with the slow acoustic guitar picks of `` a line allows prgress '' ... a few seconds into the song i am greeted with with drums and an organ . this song sounds like a slower cursive song . the guy 's voice sounds decent . i guess the vocal effects he uses are for emotional purposes . overall this is a pretty decent song . it reminds me of hotel california . next in line comes one of my favorite tracks on here : `` a perfect sonnet '' . i do n't know if it 's the simple guitar stum or the sense that his voice is going to explode any moment . seriously , the whole song i was thinking that everything was about to fall apart ... but it did n't . he keeps going and going . it must be his voice that creates this mood . this was also the point of the cd where i realized that it was a bit more than music i was listening to . bright eyes will make you feel moods that other music ca n't . it 's got a unique brand of emotion that is new to me . it 's too bad this song ends so quickly . as i press on to : `` on my way to work '' i begin to get the feel for the cd . he 's almost whispering on this track . there 's an odd sounding guitar picking and a country sounding synthesizer . quite frankly , i hate this song . it sounds like an offkey country ballad ... who wants that ? the next two tracks are more or less the same feel . a new arrangement provides better quality music than the craptastic on my way to work , but does n't reach the level of a perfect sonnet . finally , the ep is ended with the techno atmospheric : neely o hara ... i do n't know what to say . it 's meaningless . i do n't see how you can like this . it 's just pointless . overall this is a half and half ep . the first two tracks are good ... but the rest of the cd falls between failing and decent . if bright eyes good churn out more tracks like a perfect sonnet , this band would get at least a <NUM> star . sadly thats not the case . so i do n't recommend this for anyone other than the really dedicated fans . perhaps the other cd 's are better
this book , published originally in three installments , is regarded as a turning point in graphic fiction , like dark knight and watchmen , but i just do n't see it . generally speaking , i like gaiman 's story lines , but this time it 's all just confusing . the title character , a crime fighter superhero trying to infiltrate a mob , is killed in the first few pages -- but there 's more of her back in the greenhouse so all is not lost . or something . a newly hatched flower-woman , who seems to share some of the dead one 's memories , sets out to uncover her identity . i think . the mob is run by lex luthor ( why ? ) , who wants to capture her and/or her little sister ( or whatever ) for dissection . but carl , just out of prison , who used to work for luthor and who previously murdered his wife , upon whom the orchids were based , ca n't get his job back and wants to get even with everyone . this guy is a loser and screw-up -- but suddenly , in the last installment , the action having relocated to the amazon basin , he becomes a very talented and successful jungle killer . ( how ? ) other people from the back-story weave in and out of the plot , including one who became the swamp thing , but none of what they say or do makes much sense . and why does batman get a cameo ? ( not to mentioned assorted bad guys from gotham ? ) mckean 's artwork is interesting for its own sake , owing more to oil painting than the usual sort of airbrush work , but all in all , i have to give this a shrug
well what the hell to expect from a big cynical misanthrope such as myself ? flowery bubbly warm rays of sunshine ? hell no ! you see folks it 's people like lil jon that make me think in such a morbid manner . when i see special ed . failures who look and act like mental house rejects make lots of money i tend to get a little pessimistic . but can you blame me ? seriously , let 's screw our heads on tightly and think about this for a second , why would a sane person actually listen to let alone actually purchase this cd ? this is a complete joke . i 'm simply calling it like i see it . lil jon deserves no respect from any human being , not even his crack head of a mother . actually you might as well compare lil jon to elmo , elmo being a puppet has a million times more skill at what he does . at least elmo is a good and wholesome children 's icon that kids can have fun with . if i ever have a kid someday elmo will still be a hit with the kids but lil jon will still be laughed at once all his `` fans '' grow up and realize how stupid they were to actually buy into his garbage he pans off as `` music '' . meh , well who i am kidding this review ( like my last <NUM> ) probably wo n't even get posted anyway .
where my gifter managed to get an original and brand new copy of this one i have no idea , the bottomline is that it is now part of my collection and i am here to say what i think of it . it could have been improved . it 's major flaw other than the relatively crude animation is the characters , rather unlikeable heroes and hilarious villains that you strongly wish would win in the end since they are more likeable than those known as heroes . the story does n't change much from scene to scene , <NUM> dalmatian puppies have been kidnapped and must find their way home by going from place to place avoiding cruella devil and her henchmen . recommended ? not really , it has it 's moments of warmth , but otherwise , it is n't one of disney 's greatest films
then why bother ? this is terrible for the true prince fan , warner needs to come out with a better dvd compilation ... truly disappointing
rating - <NUM> stars for the film , of course , but zero stars for the copy . thank you so much for the information on the new editions of ju dou , qui ju . ( razor ) . i have cancelled my order . i will keep reading your commments and continue my search for these films ( red sorgum also ) . and will let you know if i find anything . thanks to amazon for letting us give and receive helpful opinions . looking for excellent copies of red lanterns ( allright edition ) , to live ( mgn ) , and shanghai triad ( shanghai film studio ) ? you can get them in france at www . fnac.com . they are about <NUM> euros each which is about <NUM> $ . of course you will have to pay postage , and perhaps customs , but they are worth it . from new copies and brilliant colors . only to live has english sub titles . all three have french subtitles . you also will need a dvd player which can read zone2 disques . fosses-st-b
that title probably gives the wrong impression . but there are a few different types of musicals . the ones that you have to see to understand , the ones you can just listen to and get the jist of it , and then those that some one has to explain it to you after you 've seen and listened to it . this show is one that you have to see . i have n't seen the show , so this revue is based soley on my impression after listening to it , and i wasnt really entertained . a good bit of the music is tap dancing , and that just inst as thrilling as it would be if you were seeing it . so , know that a good bit of what you will be listening is tap dancing . the actual singing has some good moments . its also has some extremly grating moments , which may have been for effect in the show , but not pleasent to listen to . i would definitly listen to samples of as many songs as you can before you decide to buy this one . collectors should get it just because they collect , but others should probably not by this one blindly . if your getting a gift for someone who likes `` musicals '' this wouldnt be one to get . fav song : `` lynching blues ''
i loved gilad from watching him on espn and love the beach scenes . however , i felt like he went too fast ; i was playing catch-up because he switched from one thing to another very quickly . there were n't a lot of repeats before moving on to something new . maybe if i did it more and got used to it , i would n't mind . however , i much prefer my kathy smith and cathe videos . this one is just collecting dust for me right now . maybe i 'll give it a try another time , but i regret buying it
i dont see how anybody can call this an album . this is a mixtape . lil wayne basically freestyled through the whole album ! the beats are bland and only a few of wayne 's freestyles are tight . standout freestyles : the mobb , money on my mind , fireman , oh no , hit em'up and im a dboy . filler freestyles : shooter , receipt , grown man , feel me , hustler music , mo fire etc . lock and load is a boring track and kurupt is whispering in the hook ( wtf ! ) . its obvious that he was trying to get an up north fanbase to buy this s -- - . the majority of reviewers who gave him five stars come from up north . lil wayne 's best albums are lights out and the carter . lil wayne at his worst : the block is hot , <NUM> degrees and the carter <NUM> .
best song : moving oleta worst song : secret biggest let down : i 'm gon na climb that mountain and sky full of angels . ( patty loveless could have done wonders with these ! ) other good songs : if i had any sense left at all ; room to breathe ; he gets that from me ; once you 've learned to be lonely ; forgettable : love revival ; somebody ; o.k . - the duet with vince gill which made such an impression on me that i ca n't even remember the name of the tune . the cd is way overproduced just like reba 's normal fare . but the material here is n't half bad . `` moving oleta '' should have been released as the single and should be winning awards for `` song of the year '' . by far one of reba 's most moving performances !
the arrogant way in which many evangelicals behave has me believing they themselves are the new world order.here 's my point , if a religion wants to make all other religions obsolete , have controll of the economy and middle east , advance their cause in a materialistic manner and rule the earth , this is truly the new world order.the obvious hatred of anything but western religion and philosophy could have a frightening outcome.one of my dearest friends lives in colorado springs.her family goes way back and they are very resentful of the many new comers whom have made their town a haven for born agains . you ca n't walk down the street without the feeling that some evangelical will walk up to you and start preaching.this is just a start for them i 'd assume.their goal stretches over the earth , to conquer and controll.politics and religion are tied into one another and this is very common with born agains.in a sense he is writing about himself and his chrones.ca n't help but think they need to look in the mirror to see who the real anti christ is.jesus never condoned this arrogance
i loved the original movie , and i love johnny depp so i thought this movie would be awesome.wrong wrong wrong ! ! first of all , the child actors were horrible , well the charlie and mike characters were ok , but the two girl actors were the worst i 've seen in a long time . and what did they do to johnny depp ? he was so creepy and weird . i took my nine year old to see it in the theater , and even she almost fell asleep . if you really want a treat watch the original with gene wilder
hunky guys , pretty women , and even scream queen pj soles ( who is strictly in here just for her name , because she 's useless ) ca n't save this one . using the same exact legend of that was the basis for darkness falls , this film gets worse and worse as it moves along , after a really creepy intro . the acting is terrible , and the bottom line is , the `` spirit '' of tooth fairy goes around killing people using modern day power equipment , like wood chippers and nail guns . there 's nothing scary or atmospheric about it . the only thing it has going for it is a couple of good gore scenes . seriously , if you 're going to steal an idea from a movie that was panned by critics and horror fans , seems like it would be a snap to make it tens times better . i 'll stick to darkness falls and it 's creepy atmosphere
i came to this page struggling with how to encapsulate my take on 'dying gaul , ' but i see that amazon reviewer josh lanyon has nailed it perfectly : `` the actors were brilliant and the thing is so beautifully shot -- the music , mood , the little touches -- all great . and all rather beside the point . '' exactly . patricia clarkson , campbell scott , peter sarsgaard are all spectacular here . i thought scott was the standout . and , the movie looks incredible . but the dark mood of the movie got darker and darker ... and simply less likable . by the end , you wo n't care for any of the three protagonists . i watched the movie with two other people . none of us liked the ending ... nor did it matter by that point . we just wanted it to end . we were intrigued by the presence of an 'alternate ending ' on the dvd . it 's basically the same ending , but it goes on a bit longer and only confirms that the ambiguity of the released ending was intended ( one character expresses the ambiguity in a voice over )
i was not happy with this dvd . i purchased this dvd because on the back it said the 2nd kickboxing workout was approximatly <NUM> minutes .. in reality , it is only <NUM> minutes . i was looking for a longer workout and was not happy spending my money ... felt a bit cheated
i was expecting ( er , hoping for ) something closer to `` hounds of love , '' but this was spacey and unspooled . i appreciate change and i appreciate disjointed ethereal songwriting , but this was a bit much for me . some songs seem to just spin off into nothingness , others drag on and on . a few songs have much triter lyrics than i expected from her , and on most her voice seems to be rambling while disregarding the music behind it . i liked one or two tracks , but overall i can not get into this
this outing from steve wilson and aviv geffen was a big disappointment to me . for one , there are no standout songs on this cd . its all one big mish mosh . i figured that this would be at least as strong as the first blackfield cd . the songwriting seems weak and slapped together . they are going to have do something spectacular if i buy another cd of theirs . also the song `` where is my love '' should n't have been redone . it should have been left off this cd
i agree with others this cd has been very badly put together . the sound is harsh . i thought there was something wrong with my hi-fi . it is such a shame as we 've been waiting so long and jon 's music is so brilliant . i do n't know if anyone else has noticed too but the title track fades out too quickly .
i began reading this book in a local christian bookstore . i was utterly shocked at the bad reasoning that is passed off in this book as `` proof '' that popular trends , including pokemon and harry potter , as evil . the author first claims that the vomiting and dizziness that some people experience while watching pokemon is `` proof '' that pokemon is satanic . it 's called 'epilepsy ' , jacobs , and according to http : //www.cptech.org/ip/wto/p6/msf052003.pdf , there were 1.4 million people who suffer from it in <NUM> . she then claims that pokemon `` encourages '' its players to cheat using the gameshark - a cheating device for those who do n't know . this indicates lack of knowledge on her part . first of all , the gameshark is not a pokemon phenomenon ; you can cheat on almost any videogame . secondly , i rather doubt that cheating on a videogame is proof of `` bad morals '' on the part of the gamer . jacobs concludes her pokemon section by citing an instance when a fourteen year old pokemon fan assaulted someone in his high school in order to obtain a pokemon . since when , exactly , has the bad behavior of one teenager reflected on an entire franchise ? that 's like saying that all christians are responsible for the dishonest practices of televangelists like the bakkers and robert tilton . the section covering harry potter contains similar bad logic . jacobs cites a quote from a young fan of harry potter who claims that they want to `` become a witch '' , thereby reasoning that the entire harry potter franchise must be evil because of the acts of one fan . she also concludes that harry potter `` must '' be evil because it is about witchcraft . the bible contains historical accounts of entire civilizations being eliminated and many other violent subjects , but that does n't mean that anyone who reads the bible is murderous . it means that the bible happens to contain violent passages . jacobs is supposed to prove conclusively that harry potter , pokemon , magic cards , and other trendy fads are satanic , but i think that her arguments are quite weak . she more proves that these fads are not satanic than she does prove that they are
<NUM> and a half stars . this is not an accurate representation of bay area hip-hop . it 's a mediocre attempt in trying to appeal to the mainstream audience . bay area artists that signed major deals never made an album that was creatively better than their independent releases . do n't waste your time with this record and buy his last album `` i give you my word '' . highlights of `` the rock '' - frisco stand up , planet fillmoe , so young , way more than they can see , pimps & hustlas
this book is a total joke . my daughter and i had several sessions with frances firman solario . she ruined my family . frances firman solario did not encourage forgiveness like she writes in her book . she cast both mother and daughter against one another . my daughter and i were on better terms before we started seeing frances firman solario . my daughter and i are no longer on speaking terms . my family is broken . i highly would not recommend this book or recommend that you use frances firman solario as a therapist .
the only problem is even though it 's only a penny you 'd still have to pay $ 2- $ <NUM> shipping . not worth it ! funny book written by a sweaty little fat kid with crazy christian conservative parents . hearing a <NUM> year old virgin boy 's opinion on abortion is great . and it 's all yours for only one penny
well , considering all the exciting things that have been happening in my life , i was surprised that reading about the life of the universe was so dull . i can watch a sunset or listen to the sound of a bird singing and that can be wonderful . but i suspect that if the authors were to have written about a bird singing or the sunset , i would n't have recognized it let alone enjoyed it much . if this book was an attempt to synthesize science with the wisdom of all cultures then give me a genealogy from the old testament any ol ' day . i could tell that the authors knew a lot , but unfortunately they did n't know enough about how to capture my attention . now i 'm no stranger to heavy reading so it ca n't be the density of information concealed in semi-poetic language that made the story unexciting . i think it was the tell-me-don't-show-me style of overlong explanations of the beauty and wonder of the universe that might have been significant in this regard . unfortunately academicians have n't quite got the hang of how to make countless acts of procreation throughout the history of life sexy nor have they been able to capture the mystery of the ever-shy rainbow . it did n't help that it had a & quot ; we need to do better , us humans & quot ; ending . one might have made that criticism of the authors for their worthwhile undertaking fallen short
this movie is dumb . it would be alright if yo u got to know all the other characters . and i think i saw this movie before , it was called madagascar ! do n't get this movie ! it short and pointless . if you want to watch something with your kids , do n't pick this up . i recomend chiken little or the incredibles ! sure chiken little might be short , but atleast it tells about its characters ! i really do n't recomend this one ... at all ! p.s . do n't buy it , watch it or ... anything else that is similer . what a snoozer , twenty bucks is such a loss
i picked up a copy of this pretentious garbage at a library used book sale . i paid one american buck for it , which was about <NUM> cents too much . it 's obvious from the start that rush is extremely impressed with his massive vocabulary . probably giggled himself to sleep each night after he finished his writings , imagining all the ignorant folks who would need the same dictionary he used to write it , in order to decipher his blather . i would recommend any of john steinbeck 's novels to any human who plowed his or her way through this dire drivel , simply to clean their mental palate . dumpster fodder .
this film is as bad as the first howling film was good . the plot is so hackneyed and predictable that you start to pray it will get it over with soon . i understand that the author of the original book was angry that joe dante changed the plot for howling <NUM> . this film is said to be closer to his original vision . all i can say is thank god that dante altered it . see dante 's original , american werewolf in london , ginger snaps , dog soldiers , underworld , anything but this . it 's an embarassment to cinema
i 'd write a review for this sewage , but kevin did it so perfectly that i 'd be wasting my time . the only decent one of these bunch of horrible adaptations was silent hill , and even that one lacked the greatness of the video game . and now , there 's a spyhunter movie coming out ? wtf is next ? prince of persia ( ... please do n't do that one , i was only kidding ! ) ? get the video games for the real thing
now i have heard a lot of people say that this is a classic , and that it may be the most creative cd of all time , but when i take a listen , i just laugh . there are so many better rappers who have a million times the talent that missy elliot has and are so much more creative . honestly , and the lyrics are awful , only a couple of the beats are okay , but after listening to missy elliot 's annoying voice , then you will be very frustrated like i was that i bought this
we use gallup at my workplace . gallup is an excellent organization and we 're better for working with them . however , this was too much . it 's not a book . it 's a brochure . their engagement index is brilliant , but you can skim the other <NUM> pages without missing anything important .
i just do n't get why people like this album . it stinks . `` sara '' is dylan at his whiny worst . `` mozambique '' was the result of a drunken bet about how many words dylan could rhyme with mozambique . and the worst thing of all on the album is rivera 's screeching violin on every track . about her : dylan was riding in a limo and saw her walking on the street with a violin case . he liked the way she walked so he picked her up and promised to allow her to play on his album . and so it goes . `` bringin ' it all back home '' this ai n't . i am a huge dylan fan and have most of is catalogue , but this is the one album of his that i just ca n't stand . not one song works . if you are new to dylan , get `` bringin it all back home '' , `` highway <NUM> '' , `` blonde on blonde '' , and `` blood on the tracks '' . if you already have those , there are about <NUM> more to get before you bother with this one . oh , and one more thing : reuben carter was guilty
i bought this hoping to add to my collection of judy reeves 's prompts , unfortunately all this is is a repackaging of a writer 's book of days : a spirited companion and lively muse for the writing life . the year 's worth of prompts are in the kit 's book , followed by lined pages . the advice and encouragement on the kit 's cards can be found among the pages of her writing book of days . i 'm very disappointed that reeves could n't create more prompts rather than simply making more money off of her previous work
here we go again .... another tortured collection of three chord , twelve barre delta blues . in truth , these songs were redundant and whiny when the very limited robert johnson first recorded them ; now hearing clapton ressurect them is just plain annoying . how many times can we hear `` i woke up this morning , baby ; my cow just up and died ..... da dum , da dum , da dum ..... i woke up this morning , baby . my cow just up and died . da dum , da dum , da dum .... so i drank a bottle of hooch and i began to cry .... da dum , da dum , da dum .... '' come on , people ! if this is genius songwriting and guitar playing then we should all simply throw in the towel on civilization . when eric clapton plays cole porter , duke ellington , and rogers and hart on his guitar -- -unaccompanied -- -- chords , melody and bass line -- -- like django reinhardt , wes montgomery , and joe pass -- -- then maybe i 'll consider him a great guitarist . today 's youth are clueless about almost everything , and guitar virtuosity is no exception . i do n't believe clapton has ever heard of key modulation , arpeggios , or chord substitutions . in truth , he is an average rock guitarist , and considering the primative structure of rock and roll guitar playing , that 's not saying much . for anyone to call him a great guitarist , let alone the greatest guitarist whoever lived , is indicative of either juvenile delinquency or just plain stupidity . it 's like saying madonna is the greatest singer of all time . odds are those who make such vacuous , ludicrous statements are the children or grandchildren of the druggie woodstock generation who would n't know a great guitarist if he/she tripped over him ( which would be likely since they were all drugged out of their minds most of the time ) . i know we 're living in the age of grand mediocrity , but enough is enough . go buy a wes montgomery , django reinhardt or barney kessel album and listen to sophisticated , nuanced , and soulful guitar viruosity . if you have half a brain , you 'll throw away your collection of rock guitar icons and beg foregiveness for being such an uneducated , unsophisticated nitwit who once claimed that one-dimensional druggies like clapton and hendrix were great guitarists . if after listening to these truly talented guitarists who actually play more than three chords you still hold to your position that clapton is a great guitarist , here 's what you do : pick up your fender strat , turn the amp volume up to <NUM> , smoke a joint , and go stick your head between your distortion chambers and fuzz boxes and make a lot of noise and pretend you too are a great guitarist . eric clapton is a great guitarist ! what a dumb society we have wrought since the late 1960s .
i 'll probably never run out of music to discover . it seems that no matter how many stones i turn , no matter how exhaustive my search is , there will always be atleast a few gems i 'd somehow overlooked . for me , xtc are one of those gems . i picked up black sea at the local record shop and it completely knocked me out . maybe it was those huge drums , or the way everything felt like it was pulling apart at the seams . regardless of what it was , i had to have more . over the course of the next few weeks i proceeded to buy drums and wire followed by english settlement . again , both were completely stellar albums , especially d & w. then there was skylarking . it was supposed to be the xtc album , their masterpiece . people compared it to the likes of pet sounds and proclaimed it one of the best albums of all time . i 'm sad to say it did n't live up to the hype for me . in fact , i find it to be downright mediocre . for me this is where they dropped the ball and failed to pick it back up . i 'll admit that i miss the more raw , punk like energy that was found in early xtc , but that 's not why i dislike this album . i actually enjoy alot of mellow , lavishly produced music , but skylarking just sounds ... bland . none of the songs seem to stand out and the production is borderline soft rock . every time i listen i hear less of what made me love xtc in the first place and more of why i ca n't stand phil colins . even the songwriting itself is weak , lacking strong hooks and any sort of weight to help the music rise out of the syrupy muck that todd rundgren laid out . i just do n't see what all the fuss is about .
i was given this cd from my sister , who knows i love to dig into up and coming bands . i was not impressed . the only song i found to be fairly original , in at least the sound , was in the woods , which i would n't list as the fulcrum this album turns on . the remainder of this album disappointed me with its appeal to emotion that was trying a little too hard ( as is the style these days ) , hammering out repeated chords and vocals that have that familiar deep delicate sound . now , i do n't like coldplay . i do n't have any of their albums . i hate to say this , but it almost sounds like levy is really trying to pull off some coldplay covers . make sure you listen to the samples before you buy this cd , because i 'd hate for someone to accidently buy a rush of blood to the head part ii .
ok , i figure if you 're looking at this cd , you 're a laurie anderson fan and can recall at least twice you 've seen her great concert movie , likely at a midnight showing back in the <NUM> 's . well , if you 're that person , avoid the utter heartbreak which is this cd . i counted <NUM> tracks from my old vhs copy of this concert , while only <NUM> made it to the cd . the banter between tracks is omitted entirely . the tracks are out of order ( ok , small nitpick ) , and it 's certainly not worth the effort . i 'm sorry , laurie , but warner scr-wed you hard on this one . on the up side , the sound quality is good , certainly better than my vhs . but hey , this is a concert film soundtrack , but apparently they forgot to include the second disk . laurie fans will be livid . ( others merely confused ! :
i ordered `` elvis - <NUM> # <NUM> hits '' and this cd was fine . along with that order , i ordered `` elvis 2nd to none '' . the cd case was damaged , and the actual cd contained songs in it that were damaged ... unfortunately it was a gift that i gave someone in another state , which makes it too complicated to return ..
i find it insulting that not only does the woman like the guy for treatign her like garbage , being rude , insulting , and abusive , but she likes it , and still sees him after he nearly rapes her . that sort of thing sends a bad message . real men do n't behave that way -- only inferior males with severe psychological damage . seems all the characters in this movie are messed up . colin farrel 's character was teased as a child for being italian , so now he 's a mysogynist bigot . selma hayek 's character is mexican , ca n't read english , so she 's willing to but up with physical and mental abuse , and has tb , possiblly from her bartender friend . the bartender definately has tb , and wants to be a writer , just like everyone living in los angeles . donald sutherland 's character is a drunk . he has about <NUM> minutes of screen time . there 's another woman who is badly burned ( no information is given on how this happened ) over a large portion of her body . this causes her to latch onto various passing males with a fierce attachment that borders on psychotic . of the characters , she probablly has the best explanation for being messed up , though the form the writer took to show it is dubious . and there are two scenes which could have been totally cut from the movie without any loss to the story . there 's a nude midnight swim in the freezing cold ocean . and of course , there 's the prolonged bare-backside sex scene , where the camera seems fascinated with every pore and folicle in colin ferral 's glutious maximus . the story does n't really move , and the resolution does n't satisfy . while pretty , the attempt to capture the period is ultimately unsuccessful . and the earthquake scene is so stupid and poorly executed that the thing is laughable . between this movie , tigerland , phonebooth , and alexander , i have to wonder how colin ferrel ever got a career started . it certainly was n't based on acting tallent . seems to have more to do with his willingness to have his bare posterior on film
for some reason , or at least the way the album was introduced , one may assume that there is a lot here to enjoy . unfortunately it is not the case . the album is more for floyd 's fans who are eager to have all the small details.well , personaly i do n't care that much about these details , all i want is the true staff , for that i would recommend to those who are hesitating , do n't buy this dvd , buy the cd ... or wait for the true dark side of the moon
before getting steamed at the title of my review , take time and read my review in an objective sense . my critical anaylsis of this album was done strictly as objective as possible . i took my time listening to every single `` song '' on this album , so this is n't an uninformed review . now to the review . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- hell on earth , mobb deeps third release , came out during the era of the media-fabricated and infamous east-coast-west-coast beef . throughout the album , you get a sense that the artist where suffucated by the negative climate of the time . the songs and lyrics on this album , in every way , reflect that era . starting off the album is a deep bass mixed with a dark-drum line instrumental . havoc and prodigy lace the beat with self glorifying , tough guy lyrics that accentuate the grimy instrumental . though this album has <NUM> tracks , you 've be hardpressed to differentiate one from the other if it was n't for the switch of beat . the level of variation in subject matter on this album is so limited that a review of one tracks lyrics will tell you all you need to know about the album , lyric wise . there are little to no song concepts on this album . nearly every single track on hell on earth is polluted with numerous references to someone getting shot , how much better prodigy and havoc are than you , and how they are from queensbridge , etc . through the lyrical context of this album , you almost get the sense that mobb deep was too consumed with the negative climate of rap at the time . you get the sense that they 're lashing out at anyone and everyone that may pose as a potential threat to them . cuts like `` drop a gem on them '' and `` bloodsport '' find them verbally attacking the late tupac shakur . the lyrics on this album get so rediculous at times that you have to wonder what these guys were thinking . you truely have to sit back and question how these guys could put out track after track of the same tired material . about the only saving grace of this album is the instrumentals . dark , grimey , and horror movie like , they paint a background of horror and terror . though good , the instrumentals of this album also start to sound repetitive as you get deeper into the album . after a while , they all start to sound like a cluster of the same stuff . i 'm sorry , but in no way shape or form is this as great of an album as some have stated . lack of variation in topics , ignorant , mindless gun and thug brovado give this album no depth . if you 're someone that is looking for intelligent lyrics or creative concepts , do yourself a favor and avoid hell on earth at all cost
i bought this album expecting songs to sing with the kids . the music is probably great , but i have not yet gotten past the disappointment of so few sing alongs
not the best score i 've ever heard . certainly not bad , some tracks were very nice . unfortunately , a good deal of them are too action-oriented for my liking , or simply boring . the best piece of music from the film , the beautifully haunting female chorus played over the spider pit scene ( best part of the movie ! ) , is sadly nowhere to be found on this disc . i do n't doubt howard 's talent as a composer , but the music for king kong , sadly , does n't have the same bite as the movie .
i have always admired the experimental spirit in any artist . as a visual artist i am constantly trying new things in my work and every once in a while i stumble upon some new element or concept that withstands the `` look at it a week from now and see how you feel '' test . other times i churn out pieces of junk which i spare the world from looking at . animal collective should have reconsidered releasing this often silly and pointless collection of sounds . it is an artistic experiment that failed . i hope this is only true about this particular disc ( the only ac i have heard ) as it would be a shame for someone to be consistently putting out pieces of artistic crap for any length of time and still be getting away with it .
it was irritating to hear the singers butcher cohen 's poetic songs . like other reviewers i wonder why bono had to be there ? it was nice that the singers paid a tribute to the man but it 's unfortunate that they took it one step further by singing his songs . some of the renditions are simply bad ... like bird on a wire ! please ...
highly disappointing . no substance . it was a book filled with references to other books . wish i had bought one of those instead ! ! !
although this is text for an introductory course of management , this is inappropriate material for the novice or inexperienced potential manager . recommended only for people familiar with business-speak and several years in the field of management
an album i was looking forward to greatly after the success of purpendicular . i was let down . it has in my opinion only one really great track - the first one . i tried a couple of years later to get into it again , hoping it was just my disappointment in not getting purpendicular again . i still could n't get into it . i 've read a lot of reviews that say its ' brilliant , but i just do n't see it . not recommended at all . i know a lot of `` blackmore <NUM> 's era '' purple fans discount everything modern , but i 'm not one of them - i absolutely adored _|_ as well as bananas , but this one did absolutely nothing for me save for the first track
this is strictly a dvd production not good for the big screen . a very mediocre screenplay originated from a meidocre novel by one of the once-upon-a-time greatest novelists . sam elliot was a very bad casting choice , he 's way too old for this action movie , he looked so tired to move around in almost all the locations . and the on and on flash-backs were the worst and the oldest directing and editing technique to be used in this bad movie . the cia and the cia operatives also looked so lame , so stupid and so unconvincing , they 're just a bunch of wimps . the connection between cia and that bosnian mass murderer was also too contrite to be convinced easily . a brainless screenplay worse than the original bad novel .
the dvd is too short with music content . the songs are edited and even the lenny white song is excluded from the dvd even though it is listed on the cover . i have been a stanley clarke fan since the rtf days and was waiting patiently for this release but i guess i would need to wait some more to see if there will ever be something release from stanley that is better than this
read & quot ; as nature made him & quot ; by john colapint
the others in the series were great , and i really looked forward to a breath of snow and ashes . it read like it was all gabaldon 's discarded notes for the previous installment . i felt really cheated to have spent my time and money on this book .
i have listened to this cd , also watched the dvd , of john fogerty 's long road home on amazon . nothing can compare to his dvd of premonition.i own it love it , put it on and makes me rock out , with one of the best entertainers in his prime time of life.the guitars and instruments he plays is awesome to watch a legend of great talent.his voice is so excellent & clear.had some friends over with john 's premonition dvd playing.it took all of us back to that time in history.they all went to amazon and bought premonition.i know soon they will all be gone.i went back to buy one more the price is so reasonable.as i consider premonition to be a collector 's dvd.if you see it again.do not wait buy it while they are available . i know its a import as most dvds are today.mine plays excellent in audio and picture.you feel like you are sitting in the audience with john performing.give premonition <NUM> stars.anything after john 's premonition dvd can not compare to it.no matter how hard they try to bring back his music on a cd or a dvd.premonition is the best dvd of all of times . all the rest get <NUM> star for trying . though not coming close to what i call my collector 's edition dvd of john fogerty 's prmonition .
if the girls in this film were considered `` hot '' back in <NUM> then i 'm glad i was still in preschool . some unattractive women , not college age girls , but actual 30-year-old women who can not get into the popular pi sorority start their own sorority called h.o.t.s . which stands for help out the seals and sadly their pet seal was the best part of the movie . the goal of the h.o.t.s . girls is to steal all the guys away from pi house , so they throw `` wild '' parties , jump topless out of a airplane ( too bad the camera was on the ground ) , fly a hot air balloon over the pi house to launch pies on the pi girls as they sunbathe topless , etc . the script seems to have been written by a 12-year-old , which is n't a bad thing . i liked the fast-paced wackiness of it all and the frequent topless scenes were nice . unfortunately i did n't find any of the girls even remotely attractive . if this film was remade today with the same amount of nudity and with nikki ziering , brittany daniel , shannon elizabeth and jenna jameson as the four main h.o.t.s . girls and maybe catherine bell as the house mom it would gross over $ <NUM> million in dvd sales . i also agree with one of the previous reviewers who complained about the lack of rear shots . how rude
i generally respect hillman , but he has wildly misconstrued the nature of war . his basic failure is an utter lack of examining the gendered nature of warfare . in short : men make war . yes , there plenty of instances where women engage in war , but those are far and away the exception and not the rule . both the leaders who build wars and the soldiers who fight them are almost exclusively male . this is a consistent fact across all cultures around the globe and throughout history . broadly speaking , women simply do not make war . this single and glaring oversight immediately destroy 's hillman 's hypothesis that war is somehow a universal human archetype
i was waiting for something to happen in this book but nothing did . there is no plot , the characters described very poorly and the writing is definitely unimpressive ( i would not mind the writing so much if the plot was there ) . throughout the whole book all the main character does is answers the phone and gets coffee ... how exciting is that ?
i thought this would be a fun . light evening - something to take my mind off my troubles - i am on ublic assistance so it is very hard to scrape together the money to rent a movie - i had free passes from chirstmas so i go this with those . i remeber loviing to dance when i was a litle girl - i tapped and did some jazz dancing - nothing like these ladies - who do almost nude dancing in this `` family '' film . this story was about emotional abuse - women suffering becasue some man has treated them like garbage . i was abused my whole liffe until one day i took a walk to a store ( my husband had hidden the keys from me - i looked for them but at the time i was drugging - hooked on meth ) and found a book on emotional abuse that changed my life . they shoudl remake this movie and the women should get revenge on the men for all the abuse . no one will ever hurt me again
shlomo has become the heart and soul of jewish music , even in the synagogue . his melodies are now 'davvaned ' in places which once cursed him . he was without question a musical genius whose depth of soul is reflected in every note and word he sings . in this early music one can already hear that longing , that love which so touches the listener . his voice is not great , but the feeling it conveys goes well beyond what is ordinarily given in most singing . he has the holy in him , the nearness to and longing for g-d. and he conveys that to us , so sweetly , so beautifully . oy heilegen shlomo what would we do without your music ?
while watching this film , i found myself irritated with the whining and bickering that goes on , and wondering how it could have been better . hanging up tells the tale of three sisters : meg ryan is eve , the bulwark of the family , runs her own business ; diane keaton as georgia has her own self titled magazine ; and lisa kudrow is matty , the somewhat vapid soap opera actress . their elderly father ( walter matthau in his last movie role ) is having memory problems , ca n't walk and is admitted to a hospital . he is going to die . ryan is the daughter who is saddled with the responsibility of her father , while the other two are too self-centered to even care . all of this could have made for a compelling `` dramedy '' but director keaton allows over emoting and all that conflict to override the gentler side of losing a parent . and matthau is not all that likeable either . cloris leachman has a brief appearance as his ex-wife and adam arkin is ryan 's globetrotting husband . it 's surprising that the most honest moment in the film comes in a brief sequence between ryan and the mother of a doctor whose car she crashed into in the hospital parking garage . ryan tries gamely to hold the movie together and although she is quite good , she ca n't really salvage the film . keaton and kudrow are both adequate , but no depth is observed . matthau is more like matthau than a true character and it 's sad that his last role is so unlikeable . hanging up tries to tackle sensitive and real issues but it 's so contrived it fails
really tried to like this book . premise was grand ; story bobbed and weaved ; conclusion was flimsy . discursive scientific literalizations distract & disorient . crichton breaks the rule to never stanch the flow . i dislike the quartet of scientists who investigate the outbreak ; they do n't come across to the reader as likeable
i know the title of this volume of wolf 's rain is `` recollections '' , but bandai has went a little overboard . i expect at least one or two episodes in an anime series to be a recap but here we have an entire dvd , <NUM> episodes of recycled material from past shows ! ! ! ! there is nothing new here . even the infamous last <NUM> episodes of evangelion did n't go so far as this and they were running out of money . what is the excuse here ? to pay <NUM> $ for an entire dvd of stuff i 've already seen . it 's almost like they were making one of those awful anime movies where an entire <NUM> episode series is squeezed into <NUM> hours . there should have been a warning on the dvd box that there is no new material contained in it . it makes me want to write to bandai and demand my money back . if you have been following wolf 's rain since the first volume , definately skip this volume . you 'll be wasting your money . i would recommend miami guns episode <NUM> , which parodies recap shows by having one after only one episode of the show .
i only liked one song on the cd - all others were just average
i almost broke up with my girlfriend for picking out this movie at blockbuster . i cant even put into words how bad this movie was , i really wonder what the people who made this were thinking
stenger believes hill is guilty from the start and tries to make him out to be a common criminal . while joe is no choir boy the truth is stranger than fiction . little is known of hill 's buddy otto applequist , but over the years more facts have been uncovered about this man 's fascinating life . not the ... son of a swedish minister but one of many sons of a working class family . an immigrant who becomes disillusioned with the american dream after he finds , instead of streets paved with gold , only forests , mines , docks , and streets covered with the blood of his fellow workers . not a romantic bandit , but a revolutionary who chose to use his death sentence to bring the cause of labor to the forefront . if you want a balanced book about him get joe hill by gibbs smith . `` do n't mourn - organize ! '' - joe hill <NUM>
although petra has a sweet voice , i felt her songs sounded juvenile and scattered .
my friend felt i needed to see this film , so he lent it to me . i had never seen it before and after <NUM> minutes i was telling my wife who was watching with me , what was about to happen next . the jokes are so old and tired i could n't believe they were using them ! i would rather watch the three stooges ( not that there is anything wrong with that ! ) at least the stooges are really old classic shorts that were making history . the comparison to the stooges is that the jokes in this movies are as old as the jokes in the stooges shorts . this movie just is n't very good and is n't very funny unless you think a person slipping on a banana peel or a pie in the face is funny ? ... hee hee hee haw haw ! ! !
in the early going , i thought the choice was between four and five stars . as the movie progressed , my rating dropped to somewhere between three and four , so clearly the first half of the movie is better than the second . the ending was so disappointing that i had to drop my rating to two stars . it is about a polish man in france who marries a french girl but is divorced by her because he is unable to make love to her . he returns to poland without her , manages to get rich , and comes up with a plot to get revenge on his beloved dominique . the problem with this writing is that he loves her , so why is he plotting revenge against her ? it is senseless . the ending is utterly surreal . she should hate him for what he has done to her , but she is smiling to him . he is looking at her and crying . he has betrayed her in a cruel way . he does n't have the right to be crying for her . that is like hitler crying for the jews . he is still in a position to help her out , but he wo n't . it 's really pretty sickening . the story becomes unclear enough as it is , without adding some fantasy scenes or memories about a wedding and a kiss . it left me angrily saying `` what the hell is going on ? '' i really hate it when a director becomes unclear and plays with the audience . i do n't find that cute at all . tell the damn story and tell it clearly . besides , the ending sucks
i liked the first album and i wo n't pretend to be an aficionado of this genre , but some things i have learned : <NUM> ) do n't rap with a touch of laryngitis <NUM> ) maybe sing/rap with the beat and not just near it <NUM> ) drop the `` my life sucks '' and `` everyone hates me '' tracks - whoops that is the entire album <NUM> ) i do n't think the world can stand more than one rapped sad piano ballad <NUM> ) if every background singer has a better voice , perhaps your are done anyone want to buy a used cd
j. m. buchanan 's ( jmb ) book is completely mistitled and out of date.nowhere in any of keynes 's writings does keynes ever advocate a policy of deficit finance , which is actually the brain child of abba lerner , a member of the american keynesian-neoclassical synthesis school of economics.lerner used the term functional finance to describe deficit finance.during a visit to america in <NUM> as the representative of england 's treasury department , keynes totally disagreed with lerner 's approach.keynes 's approach is an advanced version of the cyclically balanced budget first laid out in clear terms to the pharaoh by joseph some 3,700 years ago-build up a surplus in the good years that will cover the deficits of the bad years.this is the first statement of what economists call a countercyclical fiscal policy.keynes 's additional provision is that the budget be split into two categories-one of which would be a capital budget.the government could only run deficits in the provision of capital projects in public infrastructure ( building dams , reservoirs , water projects-irrigation networks , seaports , airports , public transportation projects , public schools , colleges and universities , public research laboratories , etc. , ) that would pay for themselves in the long run.nor was keynes an advocate of tax cuts in an economic downturn except for temporarily suspending the social security tax for workers only.keynes 's major policy recommendation was the maintenance of low interest rates combined with a central bank policy of eliminating loan availability for speculative undertakings ( greenmail , leveraged buyouts , hostile takeovers , margin account loans , corporate raiders , junk bonds , etc . ) .the correct title for jmb 's book up until <NUM> is '' democracy with minor to moderate deficits : the political legacy of the american keynesian-neoclassical synthesis school '' .after <NUM> , jmb should have retitled his book as '' democracy and catastrophic deficits : the political legacy of laffer , reagan , and the <NUM> years of the two bush presidencies '' .the national debt when president reagan took office stood at <NUM> billion dollars.as of july,2005 , the national debt will have surpassed <NUM> trillion dollars.the libertarian-pseudo conservative policies of tax cuts , borrowing and excessive spending of <NUM> years of reagan and <NUM> years of the two bush presidencies has increased our national debt by a factor of 9.jmb needs to completely rewrite his book.first , he needs to incorporate the theoretical foundations of the story of joseph and the pharaoh from the old testament.he will probably need to purchase a bible in order to correctly cite verse and page.second , he needs to obtain a copy of keynes 's general theory and read what keynes actually wrote and not what henry hazlitt claims what keynes meant in his <NUM> `` failure of the 'new economics ' '' .
the story of the strokes is the story of wealth and privilege , and its endless amounts of free time to be arty and practice trying to act like lou reed and vu riffs . this was made without rca , and so lacks strokes music . the band apparently wanted nothing to do with it , it is practically diy , with no interviews . this just shows what a bunch of brats they are not to support this project . their 2nd album sucked anyway
`` the other boleyn girl '' and `` the queen 's fool '' are two of the best books i 've ever read -- and i 've read a lot of books , especially about this period , which especially fascinates me . they were gripping to the end , and my involvement with the characters was complete -- true masterpieces . so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out , i buy it , hoping to have the same experience , and lately have been sorely disappointed . `` the virgin 's lover '' fell flat , and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged , must give it up . one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly -- that is always an easy guess , however it depends on the writer . anthony trollope , for instance , was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed . that may or may not be the case with gregory . i know , as a writer myself , that there are times when the work flows out , feeling almost as if it 's channeled from another source , and times when it 's harder , more mechanical . the more challenging situations are those when i 'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject . so to me , neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse . they feel forced , constructed . i 'm going back to trollope
the music for the soundtrack was so lame ! i though i was gon na cry cause i figured this was the end of b2k by this point . the s'track was n't even all b2k either . i like the song with jhene and omarion `` happy '' . also i liked `` out of the hood '' other then that it was boring .
listening to this cd took me back to my growing-up years . i remembered all their songs i loved back then . it 's a great homecoming
is that the rock who is in this movie looking malnourished with the rotted teeth and sinister contact lenses make-up ? this movie is horrible . but , it is typical for a van damme flick . horrible acting , over-produced with that cheesy waxy feel to it , non-existent storyline and the usual idiotic ending . i have to admit though , that i have most of van damme 's movies . he is a decent martial artist . in my opinion his best movies are `` kickboxer '' and `` bloodsport '' . these are his only movies that are actually enjoyable to watch and somewhat inspiring . i have a few observations / comments / questions to make that should be humorous for the seasoned van damme fan : is n't it funny that with all his millions of dollars that van damme ca n't find a plastic surgeon who can hide that silly bump on his forehead ... why must every character van damme plays speak with a french accent ? he tries to play a wide variety of different action hero roles but always the character must in some way originate from france . is n't this preposterous ? you 'd think if van damme was serious about his `` acting '' career he would have attempted to remedy this flaw . i mean , it 's not like his acting roles are all that challenging but it would be nice if he was even partially believable in his roles ... why does van damme always have to show his bare rear-end so much ? does he think women are watching his silly movies ? you 'd think someone would realize that mostly men watch action films and the majority of men have no desire to see his naked backside so why show it ? ... is it me or does van damme need a good hair stylist ? his hair is especially stupid in cyborg . he looks like he should be in the cast for `` revenge of the nerds '' ... speaking of style , was it van damme himself who invented that stupid tucked in shirt with pleated dockers pulled up way too high over the waist with a snazzy belt <NUM> 's look ? if so , for this deed alone he should be reprimanded ... why was van damme such a huge action hero ? he is so friggin ' short that if you saw him in line behind you at a convenience store i do n't think he would look all that intimidating . at least steven seagal is tall and tough looking although van damme is definitely in better shape . you never see seagal showing his muscles .... lastly , even though i can laugh about van damme i am definitely a fan . that being said , i wonder if any of his other fans share my sentiments about the producers , directors and just about everyone else involved with most of his many films . i think they should be ashamed of the way they have done their work . van damme has alot of heart , maybe not so much as stallone , but more heart than most action heroes like shwarzenegger , etc . the people involved with most of van damme films have truly done a disservice to him and to action film fans everywhere . they should have taken pride in their work . it 's not like they were n't paid handsomely for their services
i could not wait to see this movie when i first saw the coming attractions . i can honestly say that i was n't totally disappointed but my life is n't any better now that i have seen it . only a few laughs here and not many memorable scenes . get it if you must but i would not waste too much money for it
the songs in this cd was sang by thousand other singers million times . unless if it 's done differently with new arrangements , new style , better performance it 's a total waste . my suggestion , please find new songs , there are plenty out there . give the new writers a chance , pay them few dollars and give them some royalties . and you il divo , will sound more unique and different . after all you have great voices
i think this book should have been entitled over <NUM> and gettin ' stronger . i 'm <NUM> and i was really looking forward to getting this book in the mail . i think it is more geared to people over <NUM> . quite a few of the models were much older . i wo n't get a lot out of this book as far as exercises go . quite a lot of the exercises were n't using dumbbells . you get the impression from the cover that the exercises will be heavily geared to using dumbbells but this is n't the case . i was disappointed with this book . i recommend weight training for dummies which gives you excellent information and exercises to do . and also , smart girls do dumbbels by judith sherman-wolin . that book is loaded with dumbbell exercise .
like the title says , i 'm being mad generous by giving this movie two stars ... it really deserves none . subspecies is an excellent , 4-part series written and directed by full moon studio 's ted nicholau ( actually , the first three subspecies are allright , but the fourth movie sucks in my opinion ) . however , vampire journals is nothing more than a feeble attempt to portray a different side of the subspecies archetype . the characters , scenes , and acting in subspecies part 1-3 were superb . yet this movie has an insipid plot and the actors are novice at best . the vampire teeth/fangs look horrid on most of the actors , and i was bored for the last 1/3 of the film . essentially , the plot ... if you can even call it that pertains to a vampire named zachary , who wants revenge for unwillingly being turned into what he is . so zachary ( whoever thought to name a supposedly wise and powerful vampire zachary anyway ? ) sets out to destroy an ancient and extremely lame vampire cult headed by ashe , a fledgling of the main antagonist ( radu ) of all the subspecies films . in addition to this , zachary tries to rescue a female pianist named sophia , who has been kidnapped by ashe . because she is a gifted musician ... or something , sophia is being forced by ashe , a fervid music lover , into becoming a vampire as well . really there 's not much else to go into , except that you should definitely not waste your time or your money on this film . so unless you 're a die-hard subspecies fan , or you basically just want to get drunk and have something to make fun of with your friends , try watching subspecies 1-3 because they 're the best you 're gon na get from director ted nicholau
this novel is a travesty and should never have been published . i am so sorry that any of my money went to a company , coronet , that would render such a great author 's work into a chopped up mess . read whirlwind , it is great and essentially you will get two books for one if you believe that escape is one unto itself ( i obviously do n't ) . i was expecting further elaboration upon the story line of azadeh and erikki but it is just each section that pertains to them chopped out of whirlwind and put into a separate novel , butchers !
oh , stop whining ... they 're pretty smart in one sense . they knew they had a good thing with `` i like to move it . '' do i like it ? no . do i understand it ? sure . there are plenty of schmoes who will impulse buy and pay the whole thing . me ? i plan on buying it later when the price goes down . to e-bay we go !
i think that this album of natalie is not so good ; there are many songs that in their original versions ( criminal by fiona apple , if i ever lose my faith in you by sting , day dreaming by aretha frankin ) were very good songs , while natalie , in her interpretations , make them much more `` pop '' than they were before ; `` pop '' in the sense that natalie 's interpretations are more commercial and easy . i do n't like this album very much ; the only song that i consider good is you got ta be
the series started off so well , it 's sad to see it end so badly . this book is just a collection of random events , there really is n't a plot . none of the questions raised throughout the series are answered . the first book was great , i wish i had stopped there .
nice going puto you set my buddy and his race back <NUM> years during your <NUM> minutes of fame
i was particularly interested in one of the two enclosed disks - <NUM> cd - same title as the book , and <NUM> dvd - primal 3d anatomy . the disks are highlighted on the cover , and described in intriguing detail on the back cover . but wait - inside the front cover , the last paragraph on another `` highlight '' it says `` the second cd contains a 45-day free trial '' . the same note appeared on the disk but it was covered by the notice to consumer . my conclusion was this misleading presentation was intentional ! ca n't return it now because the disk seals are broken . the management at lippincott williams & wilkins should be sent up the river in chains
this would have to be the worst book i have ever read.wow will is running from dead people . some one is trying to kill him so cool.how much more boring can you get.i would not recommend this book to a cave man or any thing for that mater . so what i 'm saying is it stinks
this movie was so bad that one would want to watch it through to see how could anybody even think of making such a movie . ok it was not an expensive movie to make , but would be very interested to know if this was the end for the producers and director of this movie in this profession
this show is my all time favorite , however universal has gone and dicked it up by leaving out various sound effects and a teaser , and a wrong season premier intro ! dvd is meant to bring out the best in media , not the worst , how could they lose sound effects ? unbelievable ! just does n't seem possible ... season <NUM> is no better ... universal please read this and re-release season <NUM> and <NUM> already , the fans are extremely pissed off !
i enjoy the band cracker and have no issues with their releases . i just wanted to make a note to potential buyers , if you are buying used do not use the amazon seller doolicity . i have ordered from them several times and every single time they come in as the slowest of all sellers ! ! ! i wo n't endorse who i think is good but i just left the 10th negative feedback for doolicity and hope i can save many frustration when buying cd 's from artist
ok , granted , there are a few things in here that deserve a chuckle , but for the most part , this stuff is pure drivel . definitely not a & quot ; sit-down-and-read-it-all-in-one-go & quot ; book , but even when broken up into small chunks , you 'll spend forever and a day looking for something that 's truly funny
i had never read any of vernor vinges books before , but i had heard he was an excellent author , so i thought i would try this . boy , am i glad i bought it used on amazon for about only $ <NUM> . i simply had no idea what was going on in this novel . the plot is unintelligible . i dont know what the bioweapon the jacket refers to is ? i dont know what `` the rabbit '' is . i see that numerous other reviews here , did not know what was going on either . i do not understand how someone could write so incoherently . the concept of someone who had alzheimers getting cured & entering a future society is great - but it never goes anywhere . the only reason i did not fall asleep , was that i was trying to figure out what was going on , but i did could not even finish this book
`` the hitler book '' , a posthumous biography of hitler personally prepared for stalin , is of interest only as a historical curiosity and for the insight it provides into the strange political dynamics of postwar stalinist russia . interestingly enough , and contrary to press reports and the claims of the researchers in question , this book was not recently `` discovered '' by a couple of german scholars digging around the russian archives . david irving used this dossier in the 1960s when writing his magnificent `` hitler 's war '' , which is_the_book i would recommend for those interested in a life of hitler , particularly his years in power . based on the interrogations of otto guensche and heinz linge ( hitler 's ss adjutant and manservant respectively ) , this book covers most of the major events of hitler 's life more or less accurately , but should not be taken as an authoritative work of history . it 's a gossipy , biographical caricature based on both public knowledge and the torture-induced testimonies of a butler and an aide . that 's not to say that guensche 's and linge 's testimony should n't be trusted , but two low-level witnesses do not a biography make and , in any case , their information should be compared with what they freely told western authors , like david irving and james o'donnell , after their decade in soviet captivity . this book reveals no new information , and is also marred by the fact that it shamelessly panders to the prejudices and paranoia of its very important audience of one : josef stalin . it obviously makes no mention of the ribbentrop/molotov pact and subsequent soviet expansion into poland , finland , romania and the baltic states , and certainly does n't deal with soviet agressive intentions toward germany or the reasons for the disasters of <NUM> . its portrait of hitler sticks to the wartime propaganda line , showing him as a feral , rug-chewing , cowardly maniac . and while the soviet union did indeed bear the brunt of the fighting against nazi germany , this book seriously downplays the anglo-american contribution , deprecates the bravery and effectiveness of their troops and even accuses the western allies of trying to negotiate a separate peace with hitler and of not bombing armaments factories whose weapons they knew would be used exclusively against the soviets . it 's an interesting look into the dark maze of stalinist psychology , but is not the source to consult for a legitimate hitler biography
the most depressing thing about a book like this is not the outrageously inaccurate content , but , based on the high ratings and adulatory comments by other reviewers , that most people actually believe this drivel . how can we possibly form an effective energy policy when the citizenry are not only uninformed but ill-informed ? the answer is that we can not . i will not bother to go through a detailed criticism , not only because it would take an almost book length document to do it , but because , in the highly politicized atmosphere we live in , no one would believe it . today , the `` truth '' depends much more on one 's political views than on an objective evaluation of the evidence .
i am a big catherine coulter fan , but this book is awful . you can skip all the soap scenes , a waste of space . much of the dialouge made no sense and the characters were very flat . do n't waste the $ <NUM> , borrow from the library if you want to read
i agree with some of the other reviewers that the selection of sketches here is not as good as it could have been . gilda radner was a very talented comedy actress but this dvd does not showcase enough of her best work . sure , the dance number with steve martin is a classic , as are a couple of the commercials such as `` hey , you , '' but too many of these sketches show her playing a little girl , lisa loopner or the usually gross roseanne roseannadanna . it focuses too much on her as an individual , not the integral part of the snl ensemble that she was . one of the major mistakes the producers of this and the other snl videos i have seen is that when they take the sketches out of context they are much less funny in isolation than in the flow of a regular show . i was disappointed with this , i did n't chuckle as much as i thought i would and had to skip through many of the sketches because they either rapidly got boring , or gross . i wo n't be getting any more of these snl compilation dvds because they simply do n't know how to produce them so that they are funny . i noticed a similar problem with an snl 25th anniversary compilation . i think perhaps these are written and produced by the same people who write and produce the current snl show -- which is very rarely even amusing and usually just a waste of time
i bought this hoping for wise advice on financial matters . i instead found this book to be <NUM> pages of talk without substance . the points it makes ( dont retire , quit work , die broke ) are remade over and over in different ways without much of any intelligent argument as to why or how . i felt the book was not worth a read at all and was just a bunch of fluff to make up <NUM> pages . it was poorly organized as well with different subjects per each chapter . for example chap . <NUM> is `` accountants '' through chapter <NUM> is a one page chapter on `` savings accounts . '' i couldnt believe how many words were used that never said anything . blah
`` just enough '' is more than enough : a turgid , pretentious , strident , and wholly unoriginal piece of work . its framework neither breaks any new ground in the study of the sociology of business or organization behavior , nor is it a particularly useful addition to the realm of self-help pop-business literature . at best , this might have been a reasonable ten page article in the harvard business review , but surely not enough material for <NUM> pages ! better to read & quot ; do what you love , the money will follow : discovering your right livelihood , & quot ; by marsha sinetar , and call it a day
first off she is in a gay bar if my eyes were n't decieving me . thats where she met the man to watch her when she was unwatchable . if you like nasty crap to watch i recommend this for you . i do n't want to give away any of the movie sceens and ruin your experience , but i will say this much she starts her period , and he gets a taste ..... this is in french , but it does have english subtitles . i am referring to the dvd .
i did n't like this video for several reasons . the rubber band is a waste of time and hurts your hands . i was looking for an aerobic video . i have gilad - bodies in motion which is great but was getting bored with it since i had it for four years . let me just say i 'm sticking with gilad because denise does nothing for me . you do n't even feel like you had a workout with her . she 's boring . i would recommend gilad for aerobics and tamilee webb for toning . tamilee is awesome . i have many of her videos and i 'm a true fan of hers
you forgot <NUM> . 4-0. see ya ruth . do n't let the door kick you in the * ss on the way out . signed , the boston red so
i ca n't believe how many great reviews this horrible film got . the acting is laughable as is the writing . there are also many mistakes and inaccuracies ! they depict the heroes as perfection and the enemy as monkeys . real life is n't like that . i guess just because this movie is pro-war people automatically back it up . but this is the worst movie i have ever seen .
do you remember the guy in high school or college who tried to be the class clown but failed miserably ? well , eugene mirman is less entertaining than that guy . i 'm not being sarcastic about the pity laughter ... that 's the most laughter here , and yes , this was recorded live . how the record company heard this and still felt comfortable releasing it is beyond me . perhaps it 's a tax write-off
i never received this item , i put the wrong address for delivery and the sender said they never got this back . it is in limb
this overwrought tripe is the cinematic equivalent to a dead fish . it does n't work as good trash or as high camp . edward dmytryk directs harold robbins ' source material with a lead foot . george peppard made a larger artistic contribution when he was on `` the a-team '' . alan ladd , who had the misfortune to have this as his last film credit , essentially sleepwalks through this picture . it 's equally unfortunate that talented actors like carroll baker , elizabeth ashley , and martin balsam are associated with this swill . heck , i even feel bad for former boxing champ archie moore in his having to play the thankless role of houseboy . the film 's lone redeeming quality are the costume designs by edith head ( the women 's lingeree in particular ) . if you must waste <NUM> minutes of your time it 's better spent watching paint dry or grass grow
like many others , i 'm a big fan of the ladies no . <NUM> detective agency series , but this is a really poor entry that barely even bothers to go through the motions . first of all , mma ramotswe has only one case to deal with , a wealthy woman who wants her four suitors checked out to eliminate any golddiggers . the first two she checks out are interesting enough , a bible-thumper seeking to reform bar girls , and a slick radio dj . but smith does n't even get around to the other two , and wraps up that storyline in a very abrupt way . another plotline revolves around mr. j.l.b . matakoni and a dishonest competitor garage , but this is small potatoes that does n't really amount to much . a third plotline involves mr. j.l.b . matakoni 's getting dragooned into a parachute jump to raise money for the orphanage , again , does n't amount to much . the last major plotline concerns the marriage between mma ramotswe and mr. j.l.b . matakoni -- or rather , the lack thereof . the resolution to this is completely anti-climatic and does n't do justice to the event . one might forgive the weak plotting if there was some really juicy character development , but there is n't . even worse , some major characters almost totally disappear : mma makutsi has very little role , and the two orphan children adopted by mr. j.l.b . matakoni appear only once or twice . the book 's got the same warmth and humor as the rest of the series , but it 's all sort of perfunctory . one does n't get nearly the same feel for the country and people . the overall is like looking forward to a weekend visit with old friends , only to find them totally distracted and distant . big bummer of a book .
i loved borat , the jackass movies , the clerks movies ... all offensive humor but very very funny . so i thought i would like this . i hated it ! the so called jokes just did n't work . i do n't think it 's even the jokes themselves , but her timing , delivery , and especially her attitude of look at me , i 'm so funny and bad ! she 's not original , just a complete gimmick with pr as slick as her black hair . how much did audience members get paid to laugh ? or maybe it 's just a laugh track because the camera hardly shows the audience . it was a waste of my money and minutes of my life that i will never get back . comedy is n't supposed to put you in a bad mood . how could i not have noticed that <NUM> people are trying to get rid of copies ? i wo n't bother trying to resell it . i 'm just going to throw it in the trash and watch borat for some comic relief .
there 's a reason oar flopped when it was released back in <NUM> : it sucks . thirty eight years later , with skip spence safely in his grave , some now give this pitiful mess * five * stars . since you ca n't give more than five stars here , they 're saying oar is on a level with masterpieces like sergeant pepper ... dark side of the moon ... led zeppelin <NUM> .... ! just between you and me , i think the government is still secretly drugging people . with all due respect to skip 's venerable memory , oar is a painful aural experience . the first two tracks , little hands and cripple creek , are halfway good , and show some production values ; but things quickly deteriorate from there . one gets the impression the rest of oar was cobbled together in the recording studio just prior to taping - then put in the can after only one or two takes . lastly , the bass playing and drumming are just awful . yes , it 's too bad that things ended up like they did for skip . and it 's hard not to sympathize with him - he flew high only to crash hard . but let 's keep a sense of perspective : his tragedy did not translate into good music . one extra star in his memory .
this is trash . badly written , melodramatic , utterly silly . my copy is already in the recycle ( not : re-use ) bin .
this review is for the criterion collection dvd edition of the film . barbet schroeder 's film , a `` self-portrait '' of the infamous ugandan dictator idi amin , generated much controversey and even death threats . idi amin himself demanded that schroeder remove particular scenes from the film under the threat of killing french citizens living in uganda . the film is well written but almost appears sympathetic to amin . the dvd only has an interview with director barbet schroeder for a special feature , although the liner notes contain a transcript of a letter amin write requesting the deletion of particular scenes . this film has significance , but is not a good one
i can not believe this is billed as a baby video . the images have nothing to do with the music and give absolutely no learning or development value . i personally like the baby miracle series of videos that give a great baby sized bible message while being very interactive with my baby .
daniel b. clendenin 's eastern orthodoxy christian : a western perspective seeks to introduce the history and theology of this little-known branch of christianity to protestants . an evangelical protestant , clendenin became acquainted with eastern orthodoxy while teaching at moscow state university . he is convinced that protestants and orthodox have much to learn from each other , and that protestants should approach the east with a `` hermeneutic of love '' . the work is divided into seven sections . the first is a general introduction and the second a brief history . the next four sections each deal with an aspect of orthodox theology unfamiliar or confusing to protestants . these are the emphasis on apophatic revelation , the use of icons , the relationship of scripture and tradition , and theosis . in the final section clendenin critiques orthodoxy from his protestant perspective -- dealing frankly with the frequency of nationalism and even racism in orthodox churches -- but nonetheless trying to appreciate its many fine qualities . clendenin does not have the space to go into much depth on any of these topics , however . i was not too impressed by the book . much of the work is repetitive , and in a volume of only <NUM> pages such repetition makes the work very insubstantial indeed . clendenin also makes several errors which caused me to doubt his familiarity with the history of the church . he writes , for example , that the slavs were converted in <NUM> , when this marked only the conversion of kyiv rus and most slavs were already evangelised over a century earlier . his focus is entirely on the church in russia and greece/byzantium and the contributions of other regions are ignored . the work is written in a journalistic style with frequent resorts to quotations and a great deal of footnotes , suggesting that the author is not terribly specialised in the subject at hand . for westerners curious about orthodoxy , i think there is no better introduction than kallistos ware 's the orthodox church , an instant classic when it was first published over forty years ago , and available in a relatively new updated edition . clendenin 's work is admirable for its attempt to build dialogue between protestants and orthodox , but his work is really too short
this items came to us broken during shipping so we could not watch it
too slapstick , silly & boring . i could n't suffer through the first episode of this one
this is a great cd if you are a music lover as i am.billy cobham is one of the greatest drummers ever ! ! !
i was sorely disappointed in this book . i went by other reader 's recommendations and i 'm at a loss as to why it 's got a 5-star rating . i was , and still am , looking for a source that will get past the theory & amp ; history and describe how to complete the process : what do you do after you 've baselined & amp ; have to produce a build
to be sure , this album has some beautiful cuts . but that is overshadowed for me by the fact that while megastars bartoli and bocelli are featured so prominently on the cover , they only sing on <NUM> out of <NUM> tracks . this kind of misleading advertising is reprehensible . if i had n't purchased this while on vacation , i would have returned i
there are only two artists ' music that i will purchase not having heard one note of the cd . those two artists are barbra streisand and linda eder . `` songs of judy garland '' was a huge disappointment . i was surprised at the cd cover . i do n't know what `` look '' ms. eder was shooting for but she missed the mark . instead of coming off as <NUM> years younger , she has been transformed to the point of being unrecognizable . she looks both spooky and a little like a petulant child . ms. eder has always been a very attractive woman and definitely did not need this kind of `` makeover '' . and the music ... i tried so many times to like it . but the more i listended the more i realized i was listening to `` liza minnelli '' singing her mother 's music . i did not hear linda eder . i 'm begging you ms. eder , go back to what works . i 'm sorry ... this does n't
i ca n't beleive the amount of good reviews of this cd . i have most of the pat metheny library and this cd is the worst by far . it was like listening to all of his un-inspired , not-as-good , filler songs in one sitting . yuck ! do n't get me wrong , i love pat metheny 's work , but this cd was just bad
i do n't get all the rave reviews here . i 've owned this cd since it came out in <NUM> and its been probably more than <NUM> years since i had a desire to listen to it . now listening to it trying to figure out what i want to put on my i-pod and i really ca n't find anything other than the 1st <NUM> tracks , which are great . the filter/crystal method track is a classic . but beyond that i just find the songs somewhere between mildly interesting and boring . i am a fan of many of the rock & electronic artists here , but this experiment just did n't pan out in my opinion . it 's been <NUM> years and i have n't seen any other collections like this so i must not be in the minority . nice try , but there is not much more here beyond the concept
caveat emptor to the absolute beginner . this book is not written for the beginning web page creator . it is not written in a tutorial style . it is good as a reference source as you study a true tutorial type book . it discusses tags and their attributes one at a time without showing you how they fit into your web page code . the beginning chapters throw lots of advanced features at you and tell you they will be discussed in chapter <NUM> etc . i was completely overwhelmed after <NUM> min of reading . so what 's a beginner to do ? i recommend create your first web page in a weekend . by the time you get half way through that book then you can use this dummies book as a reference . william
this time around , we get a fair amount of <NUM> '' versions and edits . track times : <NUM> . born to be alive ( 6:05 ) ( <NUM> '' edit ) 2. rock your baby ( 6:26 ) 3. you make me feel mighty real ( 5:29 ) 4. do n't leave me this way ( 5:43 ) 5. macho man ( 5:14 ) 6. in the bush ( 3:35 ) ( <NUM> '' ) 7. hot shot ( 3:34 ) ( <NUM> '' ) 8. bad girls ( 4:59 ) ( album version ) 9. he 's the greatest dancer ( 6:15 ) 10. planet rock ( 6:24 ) 11. swearin to god ( 4:04 ) 12. this time baby ( 5:53 ) ( edit
if you like the music of george winston 's earlier albums , especially the `` seasons , '' december , plains , forest , montana ..... you will probably not like this one . unfortunately , it is nothing like his earlier works . i would never have fallen in love with his music if it was all like gulf coast blues . this new one is way too heavy , loud , and generally abrasive . i am very sorry to have to say these things , because i am such a big fan of his .
i want to first say that i love thundercats . along with gi joe and transformers , it ranks as one of the greatest cartoons of the '80s . the reason for my <NUM> star review has nothing to do with the show , but instead with the dvds . for such a price it really is highway robbery . the episodes look like they were taken from tv . no remastering or enhancement , you can still see white marks and scratches . also , as mentioned in another review , the background music is missing from some episodes . along with that , the menus are sorely lacking . they 're very short and without any imagination or flair . except for the main menu , all the submenus are just still images from the show . and do n't fall for the specials . there is a <NUM> minute documentary with some of the voice artists and producers , but it felt rushed . not all of the voice artists were interviewed , and with such a show , i 'm sure they have enough material for a full <NUM> minute documentary . one further complaint , no chapters in the episodes . the entire episode is just one big chapter . at least rhino was able to split the episodes into scenes . i would swallow my pride if this cost 19.99 or thereabouts , but not for this price . the lack of detail and quality just shows all over this release ; do n't you just hate corporate greed .
curse of the pink panther is weakest entry in panther genre . one , peter sellers as chief inspector closeau seem to take the spirit of the panther films to the grave with him two , this was the last film of david niven . the rumor of rich little dubbing his voice rings true , if you watch niven 's lips and what is coming out of them.niven who was very ill with ms just did a lot of sitting and limited movement . three , ted wass tries to bumble and stumble like sellers 's trademark character-however he is no closeau . the more he pratfalls , the most we miss and wish sellers were still alive four , the supporting cast ( robert loggia , herbert lom , leslie ash , robert wagner , joanna lumley , capucine , david niven , harvey korman ) are given almost nothing to do in this film , other than to be a foil to wass 's pratfalls or straight men to wass 's so called craziness . burt kwouk as cato is given more to do in his small scene with wass and you wonder why he isnt in more of the film . and roger moore 's cameo as a remade closeau is poor preformance , playing on seller 's trademark accent and his james bond character five , blake edwards 's script seem a weak closure to the genre . and to make matters worse , he even did another pink panther ( son of the pink panther ) after this , which was worse than this film and those are the good points i give it two stars for the stellar supporting cast alone , that makes this film worth it bennet pomerantz , audioworl
let me start by putting out a couple of my biases before getting into this review -- first , i relaly do n't care for remixes as a rule , unless they 're dramatic and severely restructure a song , i generally find they add little . second , i really do n't care for `` the hand that feeds '' . having said that , the piece is presented in three mixes , the album version , the straight mix , and the dub mix . the album version has a catchy , circular guitar line and a straightahead drum beat that 's actually decent until the bridge with this bizarrely irritating spoken wordish section . just does n't work . the remix fares no better -- the straight mix adds different rock beats and an extended introduction that eventually becomes tedious . if you 're a fan , get it . if not , skip this one , there 's good reasons it was n't released in the u.s
forget about this . you can get these tracks , better remastered in the definitive or proper labels . they got them here at amazon . this edition is a joke
i normally do n't write reviews that are negative on amazon because they usually get nothing but negative feedback/unhelpful votes or whatever . so i shall try to be as fair as possible . i got leonard cohen 's compilation `` i 'm your man '' and there is this amazing , incredible rendition of `` if it be your will '' that antony does . it was my favorite track on this record and the whole leonard cohen tribute concert in general , 'come so far for beauty ' is really good . `` if it be your will '' was performed with such a soulful voice and i loved how it built inself until the end with the background vocals wailing and him stating the title words over and over . so i went to the library and waited a month to borrow this debut record by antony ; it was always checked out or on reserve . yes , it was the same voice , and yes , i will say , antony does have a very interesting and even somewhat beautiful voice . the album 's sleeve put me off at first ( and continued to do so ) . i am someone who often puts music together with its cover art ( check out this mortal coil 's 'song to the siren ' with that perfect <NUM> envelope sleeve , for example ) . so i listened to this album a few times and was put off by the silly lyrics that actually made me grimace and cringe . `` mr muscles forcing bursting stingy little thingy into me . . . '' or `` i am so very happy , so please hit me '' or `` river of sorrow , do n't swallow '' or the breathy way he says the word `` twilight '' do n't know , it just made a little uncomfortable . so it seemed i did n't like the record . then i read an article in interview magazine with elton john about new music in <NUM> , he was praising antony 's second record . so i gave it another try and after three songs , could n't handle it anymore . the images of the cd and the things he sings about or his presentation of the words ruin it . maybe if he just sang songs by poets like leonard cohen it would be better ? in the elton john article , he said antony sings a lot about sexuality , which i gathered from the lyrics , and but he presents his sexuality in such a pathetic way that almost says `` if you do n't like me , or if you are not drawn to this sad life i am presenting to you , it 's because you do n't like gay/transgendered people '' . in my case , that could n't be further from the truth . i would not recommend this record to anyone , but when i mention it to people , i ca n't help but say how much i loved `` if it be your will '' and how disappointed i was in his solo effort .
i bought this for my scifi class . we read bram stoker and the reward was supposed to be this film . it was like giving kids liver for dinner then rewarding them with canned spinach . everyone was so disappointed . i kept waiting for it to get better and it never did . the history of the film with the lawsuits is really interesting and the clips you 've seen are wonderfully scary with brilliant make-up . the problem is that there is a month 's worth of boring between the good stuff . fast forward or the students who expect cgi will fall asleep if they stay in class that long . bela lugosi is a much better bet . for a silent , metropolis is much more compelling even to those cg fans
enough ? bill mckibbon 's had enough of the biotechnology revolution ? he has n't seen anything yet . the best is yet to be imagined ..
the characters in this book and production are its downfall . the young lady owner sees someone take her diamond . she has access to this person ; it is someone she knows . why not just ask this person to give the diamond back ? why not ask `` why did you take it ? '' why condemn this person without giving him or her a chance to speak ? this stupid girl ( rachel is her name ) soured me on the whole book ! this is not the way that people would really act in this situation . collins asks readers to suspend disbelief too much . if rachel had spoken up , she could have saved others , like sargent cuff a lot of trouble
this book tries to explain how and why the media would try to send out its ideals to the masses through a selective expos of certain television programs such as the simpsons , beavis and butthead , ren & stimpy show , murphy brown , la law , cops ; political and celebrity personalities like the bush 's , bill clinton , william borroughs , phil donahue , rush limbough , peewee herman ( paul reubens ) , the jacksons , madonna , ice t , and even quite peculiar for me even the whole controversy with one of my personal faves u2 over the legal frictions with a parody band called negativland ( which is rather more documented on the documentary feature flick of the said group ) and even more so about the band that i often refer to - jesus jones regarding their music video for their perrenial track `` right here right now '' and the advent of mtv 's outbreak with the likes of music videos from a-ha ; bruce springsteen ; and even more so mentioning the likes of ` wanna-whats ' like r.u . serious , and the cult of genesis p-orrige called thee temple ov psychic youth - the book nearly gives an impression that the author is culture-shocked , and proposed to infect likewise with the ` memes ' ( ie . a term used by the author to refer about the certain data/info 's that are being assimilated n=by the media which in turn affects to influence the masses , at least in the way i understood it and could simply put it ) it presents to expose - however , the whole matter is subject to the particular perspective preference of the readers personal comprehension . the book is said to have been `` revised and updated '' from a two-year 's span by <NUM> - even seems quite un-innovative even from that time , and most of the authors ' analysis are nothing new . rushkoff , although being quite informative nevertheless from time to time with the book only seem to mainly dwell on a surface level , when what we need is to see more of the primal motivating factors behind the dissemination of counter-culture trends and ideas which rushkoff attempted to disseminate within the length of his work .
this is a horrible book written from a very nasty point of view . basically , this is a systematic dismantling of everything sacred about judaism - to the point where the author actually uses the sacred name of god in the book . obviously , the author knew that his use of the name of god would deeply insult those devoutly jewish , and just as obviously , the author did not care if he insults deeply held beliefs . it 's important to understand that this is coming from a man that feels that what is now israel will soon no longer exist as the jewish homeland - and he demonstrates absolutely no concern for that , either . no concern for the basics of the jewish religion , disdain for the jewish homeland , and disdain for the future of the jewish race . anti-religion , anti-judaism , anti-israel . there 's a word for that
this nonsensical bio is written entirely from a blind feminist perspective . the research is suspect . the prose amateurish . the details gossipy and contrived . if eleanor roosevelt was truly a woman of thought and progressivism , then cook has done her an unforgivable disservice . if you 're looking to understand roosevelt 's honest-to-goodness place in history , you will not find it is this intellectually offensive work
i had never seen queen of the damned until last night , when i had just finished anne rice 's novel queen of the damned . knowing i would soon be done with the novel , i was curious to see the movie so i went out to moviestop and picked up a cheap , used dvd copy , despite hearing that this movie was very bad . turns out , the word bad is an understatement . let me get to the point , there were several changes in the story , and i understand that some of this needs to be done in the movies for screen time reasons , etc . but i found that after reading the novel , while the basic premise of the story is the same as in the novel , pretty much everything that gave the novel 's plotline it 's depth and intrigue was removed from the story in the film adaptation , and this movie simply falls flat . i was shaking my head by the end of the movie with such disappointment that so much of the story was hacked away . the vampires in this movie are not portrayed with the amount of love & feeling that is intended by anne rice , akasha included . maharet , perhaps the foremost character in the novel , basically does n't show up until the end of the movie simply to take part in a disappointing final showdown . again , all of the backstory that should have been present here was missing . i wo n't spoil it for any of those who still plan to read the novel , but akasha 's motives for what she was planning to do were actually logical ( in her own evil and misguided way ) , but there was a reason for it that she saw as legitemate , where as in the movie it was simply `` everybody must die ! '' . period . that 's your motive for everything that the movie was building up to . i ca n't stress this enough - the depth of the book is gone in the movie . like i said , i understand that things need to be trimmed/skipped for the sake of screen time , etc. , but this movie was barely over <NUM> 1/2 hours long , and so much of the plot development could still have been included here to give this movie the depth that it lacked . what 's wrong with adding even another 30-45 minutes of screen time to fill in the story and make it a <NUM> or <NUM> minute film ? heck , i sat in the theatres for all three lord of the rings movies which all ran over <NUM> hours . or was this movie directed at punk kids with <NUM> minute attention spans , rather than the fans of anne rice 's vampire chronicles ? such a shame , because this movie really had the potential to equal , if not better , the adaptation of interview with the vampire . i could go on and on about the other things that were done in this movie that i thought were just stupid , silly , etc . etc . kind of like how the other vampires were pissed at lestat for revealing himself to the world as a vampire and giving away vampiric secrets , yet they decide to fly up on stage during the middle of the concert , in front of tens of thousands of people and start fighting , in essence `` revealing '' themselves as well , which is totally inconsistent with why these vampires were angry in the first place . i wo n't go into all of the details , because it would take too much writing to tell you everything that bugged me . bottom line , i guess if you 're into cheesy vampire action flicks with a korn , etc . movie score , then you may still see some value here , but anne rice diehards will most certainly find this movie a waste of their time . but do n't let this movie scare you out of reading the novel , because the book is much much much better than this movie
this film is based on one of my favourite books , so i was really looking forward to seeing it . despite great performances by blanchett and fienes , it just does n't hold together well . too much of what is in the book has been left out and that which is there lacks weight . the characters in the book are so much more complex and endearing . the book was very moving and engaging while the movie is not . there is also an ending tacked on that does n't exist in the book , and that always annoys me . i was very disappointed . i think had i not read the book , i 'd have stopped watching the movie about 1/3 into it
if you like nude guys wrestling each other for <NUM> whole hour then this is your movie there is no after scene like in a hot steamy shower . just nude guys wrestling i thought it was boring
i tried to find specific conditions in the book - and the procedures to follow for treating them . i could n't even figure out the procedures to follow when reading them - the writing just is n't very clear . if there is any organization to this book , i could n't detect it . the author is very enthusiastic about the material and gives lots of her experiences with her patients . that 's nice , but judicious editing , better organization and clarity is what this book needs .
note : this review is not about the trilogy ( which is great ) . this review is about the many dvd releases . the worst thing that ever happened to george lucas is when peter jackson released the extended version of lotr . jackson showed fans we could demand , expect , and receive more from hollywood . the impact of peter jackson sent shock waves among fans , who released a four-disc edition of one of the greatest movies of all time . even old hollywood guards , like ridley scott and james cameron ( no surprise they are not americans ) took notice and improved their dvd releases . this change has been powerful , except in the case of lucas and to some degree his pal steven spielberg , who continues to stick to their old habits by being dinosaurs when it comes to business and satisfying the consumers . the many re-releases shows greediness , stubbornness , and lack of respect for fans . no one is upset with him for cleaning up the original version , but please allow fans to have the <NUM> version and the updated version with better picture and sound quality . in addition , please stop using the `` limited edition '' you like to use to get fans to buy new copies of star wars ; it is both false and tiring . release these films in anamorphic widescreen with 5.1 surround sound and allow the <NUM> version of the movie be release . lucas 's creditability has gone downhill to some degree because he is only known for his star war movies . unfortunately , his latest releases have only damaged him further because the quality of the prequels has been less than stellar . his shady practice of video/dvd releases of his past glory has resulted in some fans losing respect for him . one must wonder what went through lucas mind when peter jackson won an academy award for best director and not him . maybe if he focus on making quality films ( like he once did ) and not playing the dvd re-re-re-release game , then he could win one .
fairy tales are written the way that they are written for a reason . and when greedy producers and actors and directors realize this maybe the world will be a better place . the characters in fairy tales are n't suppose to grow up . they are written for certain age groups and are moral lessons about concequences in life and how she/he 's life will change depending on which choices that one will make and direction she/he follows
i really wanted to like this film . it hurts not to recommend it , because the subject matter is extraordinary and compelling : a once-in-a-lifetime night in american theater that happened during the great depression . and tim robbins ' heart is in the right place . but great intentions do n't make a great film , and unfortunately , that 's the case here . robbins tries to do a multiple-character loose plot that makes one think of robert altman . in fact , watching cradle will rock , you realize just how good altman is , because he makes this sort of thing look so effortless ( so much so that detractors have often accused him of `` not really directing '' his pictures ) . well , to quote the late senator lloyd bentsen : tim robbins , you 're no bob altman . the film has an impressive cast list . unfortunately , almost everyone overacts ( or is overdirected by robbins , since these actors have turned in other fine performances ) . particular violators are cary ewles as john houseman and angus macfadyen as orson welles . both seem to channel nathan lane in their over-the-top elocution and both as directed by robbins turn every showbiz cliche in the book , such as bickering pettily and then , when they reach an agreement over something , jumping up and down and shouting `` eureka ! '' while hugging . other hams include ruben blades as painter diego rivera and , surprisingly , the normally spot-on susan sarandon as mussolini 's art-living mistress . ( with her over-bearing accent she sounds more like count dracula 's mistress . ) other cliched characters include doe-eyed emily watson as a shy waif who never gets a break in life until , of course , the last scene . there 's also a strange sideplot involving bill murray ( okay , he does not overact ; * can * bill murray overact ? ) as a washed-up ventriloquist . this started off promising , with him attending secret meetings sponsored by alienated conservatives who see the times changing in ways that make them uncomfortable , but it really went nowhere in my opinion . conversly , the third ( third ! ) major plotline , about nelson rockefeller commissioning rivera to paint a mural in his new building , went predictably where we 'd expect , and was way too drawn out in the film 's ending . oddly , for a screenplay that cried out for lots of oddball , nonconformist characters , no lines and little face time are given corina katt ayala as frida kahlo -- who in real life was quite a character who could have been put to better use here . also underused is the always-reliable bob balaban . hank azaria is okay as the playwright , but the whole surreal bits that happen whenever he has a scene to write or perform strike me as robbins trying to be arty and `` profound . '' the one standout performance is by cherry jones , wonderful as hallie flanagan . her warm and very natural performance just throws into high relief how forced and phony most of the rest of the cast is . even here , though , robbins misses the point . the high moment comes when balaban shakes her into reality after the congressional hearings and tells her `` it 's over . '' that could have been the beginning of a big dramatic scene , but robbins glosses over it for a phony and smug mock-interrogation in the court chambers -- preaching to us like we 're third graders who ca n't be trusted to figure it out ourselves . similarly , the walk down the street to the second theater that begins the climax could have been a big dramatic moment -- what will be the fate of this controversial play , and the actors who have rehearsed it for months ? instead robbins gives us a victory dance before the victory -- a parade of jugglers , acrobats and cha-cha dancers set to comical klezmer music that undermines what he 's just set up . we feel a satisfaction and -- i hate to keep using this word but it 's true -- smugness , before the big night even happens . and i 'll leave it to you to decide the effectiveness -- and the ultimate meaning -- of the very last shot . i still have n't decided if it works , but it was a bold idea . another big part of what sinks this movie is the hammy score . it may seem piddling to talk about background music , but it really breaks the movie . the music was done by david robbins -- tim 's brother . nepotism rears its ugly head . robbins ' music is usually inappropriate -- slapstick and overly broad like the rest of the film 's elements , as though robbins does n't trust us to follow him and feels he has to drive home his message with power tools . yet despite the constant heavy-handedness , cradle will rock never finds its tone -- part history lesson , part `` serious drama , '' part broadsided `` comedy , '' it ca n't ultimately decide if it wants to hit you in the head with a hammer or in the face with a pie . it tries both by the end , and neither works . ultimately , i felt like robbins could n't get a distance from his material . he lectures us to the point that the word message in bright red practically flashes on the screen . understatement is not in his bag of tricks . it 's not that i disagree with much of what he has to say , but he fairly hits you over the head with it , and acts as though he 's the first one to show you upper-class hypocracy . the one really interesting plot thread -- about how the hallie flanagans of the world were called before the house unamerican committee to defend their loyalty while the hearsts of america appeased dictators by buying art from them ( and thereby financing their fascism ) -- is the highlight of the film . but even here robbins stages a garish costume party to drive home the point and again whips out the power tools . tim , we get it . despite this negative review , the film might be interesting to see just for the fascinating history lesson that it is . or you could go online or to a library and find some nonfiction material on the subject matter . i read somewhere that originally none other than orson welles himself was set to make this film , but the deal never got off the ground and then he died . that 's too bad . i would like to have seen what he could have done with this material . as it is , robbins is too close to it -- too loud , too preachy , too self-righteous -- to pull it off .
this is another hollywood costume epic . they spared no expense with the set and costumes , hired talented big name actors rex harrison , liz taylor and richard burton . despite the resources committed to this film sadly the film was more stylistic than substantive . harrison was terrific as gaius julius caesar but he is only in the first half of the movie and richard burton does not come across as a great mark antony . his character is weak willed and he is harassed and henpecked by cleopatra , antony was passionate and reckless but henpecked ? although the film is titled cleopatra , it focuses more on the historic events . the film also reduces cleopatra to the woman depicted in octavian 's propaganda rather than portraying the real multi-dimensional woman who was intelligent , a gifted political strategist , expert linguist , dynamic personality and who ironically was not a beauty . they do n't give you sense of what was so compelling about cleopatra . she is depicted as a combative shrew with both caesar and antony . i doubt constant conflict would have gotten far with either man . if you took away her looks would either man have been attracted to the personality portrayed here ? i would think not especially considering both their backgrounds as roman military leaders and the weak position of egypt compared to rome . given the limitations of their vision of cleopatra liz taylor was perfect choice to cast as the selfish , beautiful , seductive and glamorous temptress ; she really breathes life into this character and gives a great performance . although a portrayal of the real person would have been much more interesting you ca n't deny taylor 's appeal and she does a great job considering the limits of the material . although taylor shines sadly we never get to know cleopatra her depth managed to get lost in this oversexed hollywood costume drama . this movie was lush eye-candy without a whole lot of substance ; in fairness to this project it fits in with similar epics of the <NUM> 's and sixties - the style reminds me of demille films like the ten commandments . it did capture the public imagination because it launched the relationship of taylor and burton and ultimately despite its issues and because of their star power it turned a profit . the research , writing and the directors vision should have each contributed to creating a great film instead it produced this mediocre costume drama . the real shame is that in the hands of someone with a vision and a passion for the subject matter it could have been great .
why ? because this book says nothing more than what he had already said in a brief history of time . however , i will say that unlike a brief history of time , this one is a really , really big book with lots of colorful pictures so that they can charge an extra <NUM> dollars . and that he also changed the titles of the chapters . that 's something ... and the pictures were pretty ! believe it or not after i read universe in a nutshell i decided to give good ol ' steve one more shot so i picked up a theory of everything . however , to my surprise , within those pages i did n't find a theory of everything ... but i did find somehting that amazed me more than a theory of everything every could ... inside , i found a brief history of time ! he had fooled me again ! it 's a conspiracy , this man is publishing the same book over & over again with different titles to fool people into buying them . and he 's including illustrations now because he discovered how well worthless pictures sell ! do n't buy into it ! it 's a trick , underneath the new dustjacket , pretty pictures , and new chapter headings , these are same words ! i proclaim myself to be the first to say `` i will not be fooled by mr. hawking again .
this is a tale of two rigid and megalomaniac men butting heads . <NUM> years has n't changed human nature - that 's for sure
sorry - but this video is not for the average dog owner ! if you identify with the punk rock scene and are looking for an alternative to the standard dog training video then this might work for you . this video shows basic training techniques , but the narrator 's `` voice over '' distracts from the actual training process going on . the korny doggy-do and doggy-do n't skits attempt to show the viewer correct training techniques and obvious training mistakes , but are a waste of time.maybe worth $ <NUM> but definitely not the $ 22.95 price tag . i would return it if not for amazon 's return policy against returning opened videos
this is not up to par with his prior releases . i did not care for his genre with this album . i prefer his more bluesy music . he has a greatvoice and is a fabulous musician , but this cd does not bring out either abilities . it is a very average cd . in fact , i can not remember a single tune from it <NUM> minutes after listening to it . i would like to see jonny go back to the music that made him popular . i do n't believe that it would go against his new-found faith .
like it or not , i sometimes wonder if an author is more loved for his image than his abilities . thomas pynchon is one of those . if the crying of lot <NUM> is his best work , or exemplary of his work , as so many say it is , then perhaps he really should find a day job , to use the cliche . lot <NUM> is an attempt at literature without any actual literature . it 's what happens when you take out plot , character , and all the other devices that make up traditional story telling . i am very well aware that , pynchon , like so many other authors of his era , are trying to prove that life in the modern world is soulless and meaningless . the problem is , he is not looking hard enough to find it . he is the literary equivalent of that cooky professor who says nothing written after <NUM> is worth reading . my answer to the professor who tried to shove that one down my throat was to hand him a dozen books worth reading that were written in the last century . the problem is , you have to look hard to find the gems in the dross of life , and this book simply tells you that those do n't exist . finally , the content of the book often seems pointless , and the writing is weak . there is no forward motion , and nothing to interest a decent reader
on tuesday november <NUM> , <NUM> i had just come home from a scout meeting , and i turned on the television , and not knowing what was on my father got all hyper , and told me to turn it off , and i did n't even know the name of this . i looked it up in the tv guide later on , and unfortunately , due to the fact that i was still shaken up by the other night i did n't dare share the name due to the fact i 'd get a sermon . i was at a crucial age in my life where i was <NUM> where i had desires for girls , but emotionally i was not prepared for them . i can understand the fact that it 's a morally bankrupt film , and was capturing the fact of the free-sexual revolution , but i do n't see the connection considering that it was always burning since the world 's been turning , but our parents put thier hands over thier ears if we were to tell them that . i guess looking back my parents argument is `` there 's a time and place for everything '' , but guess what that would 've been a perfect time to help me understand . i know that a few months later that i brought it up to my aunt who 's a committed christian , and she paled , which led up to the sermon , and to be honest i felt like i could n't win . i feel with this movie i had to not let it go until i got to see it because it was important for me to see it in it 's entirety , and i did n't get to see this until i was <NUM> , and i brought it back up to my parents as my father 's friend had just opened a video store in cherry hill , nj. , and the battle started again . i have felt like a eunich i did n't get to watch this movie all this time , and when i did i found it rather appealling , and now wanted to add it to my collection i was getting flack as i actually bought the blank video , and tried to get it copied onto the videotape . looking back i would 've been better off just buying it , but i know i have to wonder if i would 've come to same conclusion . i got the tape finally when i was <NUM> years old , and watched it once , and since then i lost the appeal . i saw it from a different light that my college professor was showing it from . i did n't focus on the colors , or the scene where ben was looking into the goldfish bowl after being dumped by elaine , and thrown out of a campus because of the fact that mrs. robinson took away ben 's virginity , and this was when ben was trying to get together with elaine . i found this to be coincidental , but rather truthful when i had a woman make a phone call one night when i was working in a convience store , and it was a rather seductive one , and then the woman just turned it off when i finally met her kind of like mrs. robinson doing it to ben , and especially when he was in too deep . the fact that this happened could 've been an alternative lesson my father could 've taught me if he did n't want to talk about the sexual nature . with this mindset i do n't own this anymore , and have no inclination , or intention of owning it again . i ca n't honestly say if i bought the tape instead of waiting for the blank copy that it would 've made a difference . i feel that once i saw the fact that mrs. robinson made a blank promise to make ben happy for the rest of his life it just ruined it for me . this is where the sexual revolution tone takes over as no one would 've ever suspected a woman would be a seducer because men are supposed to , or it 's implied that it 's a man 's job to have an affair , but that 's the world 's standard , and morally it 's wrong for either side to cheat on one another . it left me feeling that i was n't worth the time to talk about this movie to , and about the way the relationships in the movie , and made to feel dirty because i wanted to know , and angry that i had to repress myself , and my feelings , and my character to fit this model that pleased my family . i just feel that it was more worth if you are really wanting to see this movie just buy it , and not worry about your parents helping you . mind you it is a pg rating , so anyone <NUM> and under not without a parent .
i saw on the internet a picture of chingy rapping on stage and a notorious porn transvestite with his hand on chingy 's crotch . now i knew chingy could n't rap his way out of a wet paper bag but i never questioned his manhood . now that i saw the picture and read the article about chingy and his transvestite lover i am so done with him . i hope the reviews he gets encourages him to find another occupation . this album is classic garbage and would be a perfect coaster for the next party you have at your house
no melody , no rhythm ; just noise . i 'm heading to the used cd store with it as soon as i can . i 'd rate it zero stars if i coul
i 'm surprised by all the praise this movie gets here at amazon and beyond . there really was n't much here i liked . the soundtrack was the usual `` pap '' you 'd expect from a family friendly movie , though the sets were nice . it seems this movie was just miscast . mel just does n't do comedy all that well , at least for a lead role . jame garner , the reason i bought this seems more like a bystander . and jodie is jodie and i never bought for a moment she was her character . although the cast is a powerhouse ( on paper ) , sadly the chemistry never really works and the jokes are just cornball . an example : there was a sequence when bret asks his friends ( who are standing behind him ) to whistle to reveal themselves to some bandits he was confronting ; which as it turns out they are unable to do . instead jodie and james , blow madly , just like the movie . this movie reminds me a hell of a lot like `` the three amigo 's '' ; on paper you would think it could n't miss , but on film it 's painful to watch
disney , in my opinion , dropped the ball for the third installment of the disney classics cds ( which is probably why you only see <NUM> and <NUM> advertised on tv ) . the only tracks really worth it are `` i 'll try '' ( although i have no idea what that is from ) and `` he lives in you '' . other than that , most of the tracks are boring and no up to the level most of the others are . i would not suggest purchasing this cd
when i saw that m. night shyamalan was directing this film my interest was peaked , despite the silly premise about an apartment superintendant rescuing some otherworldly nymph from the complex 's pool and trying to return her e.t . - reminiscent character home . i enjoyed shyamalan 's `` the sixth sense '' and `` the village '' ( despite both films ' easily predictable endings ) but was very disappointed with this downright soggy outing ( sorry , have to throw some water puns in here ) . i laughed outright during the first <NUM> minutes , promptly dubbed it `` the watery tart '' [ /monty python ] ; then fell asleep out of sheer boredom soon after , thereby missing the bulk of the film . i 'd highly recommend it to anyone having trouble sleeping .
watched like reading a comic book . so many murders for so little money . corpses never turned stink in the thailand humid and hot temperature . lousy acting , directing and totally stupid screenplay with twisted to the limit ridiculousness and impossibility . a story so bad that turned into a disturbing watch . boasted with awards and high praises for the primitiveness or roughness of the poor plot and scenario ? give me a break
the problem with this book is that it was written as a textbook with very little practal advice and no real `` know-how '' methods . similar to virtually all business books written by professors for colleges , this book falls very short in equipping would-be entrepreneurs with the insight , skills , and know-how needed to become successful entrepreneurs . i would not waste your money on this book at any price . if you want a great book on the topic , i highly recommend `` the startup company bible for entrepreneurs '' . this little-known book is rapidly becoming the standard for entrepreneurs .
this book is somewhat entertaining , but it could 've used an editor . unfotunately , it not only lacks a great deal of facts , but it often gives the opposite . the author frequently falls into tired , false cliche about his opinions of the era , which often contradicts his more factual claims , and speaks about it 's figures as if he had known then inside and out , and disliked them . the ridiculous mark twain-esque cliches he claims as facts are enough to drop the book , making it just another in the <NUM> year long pile of falsified , biased histories of the middle ages
the programs are good except the the first two dvds in this series are not copied real good in that the sound track is off on the first part of these dvds . the rest of the programs in this series are good
although bad religion formed in <NUM> , they seem to fit in with the punk revival scene of the <NUM> 's rather than the original hardcore punk scene . their first album , `` how could hell be any worse '' which was released in <NUM> , was dwarfed by the competition in southern california by such bands as black flag , the circle jerks , social distortion , and the descendents . in <NUM> , they released `` into the unknown , '' which was an attempt at cheesy progressive rock that was heavy on the synthesizers . that album pretty much ended their relationship with the hardcore community and was such an embarrassment that they wo n't re-release it . bad religion was ignored until <NUM> when they released `` suffer '' to a new generation of hardcore fans . at that point in time , hardcore punk was pretty much dead and bad religion was one of the only bands around at the time playing that style of music , so they were successful without any competition . `` against the grain '' is considered to be the peak of bad religion 's career . once again , they were still one of the only bands around playing punk so there was n't much to compare it to and that was a good thing for them because it 's a weak record . the style of punk they play is very pop . the only thing that gives it a punk edge is the speed , but it 's not raw and angry like earlier hardcore . some say the lyrics are very angry , but it 's tough to find the anger through the `` whoa-whoa-whoas '' and `` aye-aye-ayes ' . '' there 's nothing wrong with using a harmonized and melodic pop rock vocal style , if you do n't intend to be taken seriously . the misfits and the descendents could pull off the pop vocal style because they generally sung about humorous and outlandish things . bad religion sings about serious issues , but delivers it in an upbeat way which really kills any impact their message may have . the music that backs the computer geek sound of the vocals is all about speed and almost seems bouncy at times . `` 21st century digital boy '' is the best song by far , but it 's ruined by the vocals . all the rest of the songs basically sound the same . there are plenty of '80 's hardcore records out there that are far superior to anything bad religion has ever recorded . the '90 's revival of punk had nothing new to offer the genre , so go straight to the source and listen to black flag , the misfits , and the dead kennedys , who were original and sincere .
i was surprised when i took this class that i did not like this book . all of my epid profs highly recommended this text . you have to flip back and forth when you are doing the problems because they list the sas output that you need once in one chapter . i know it saves space , but this can get maddening . i did not find the examples clearly written at all-the lack of fit test , and some of the stuff about partial f tests could have used a few more sentences . no , i can not write a glowing review of the text , but the only reason for the second star is because i also had a terrible instructor for this course . perhaps if dr. kleinbaum had taught this to me , i would have a different perspective of this book . however , i was pretty much teaching myself this material , and this book is not designed for that .
it 's the polar opposite of good writing . it 's so familiar , so conversational , so unturgid , and so padded with fluffy stuff it 's unreadable . even worse than i figured it would be . oh , well , now i know after wondering all these years .
anyone looking for the song `` you 're just what i need '' featured in this movie can find the song on the cd `` more than a lot '' by rufus king . it 's a very hard-to-find cd because the band did n't have a label but i found it on cdbaby.com . do n't know if it 's still for sale there or not but the cd is worth it
this is not one of fred 's better efforts , the dancing is so so and rita hayworth is among his poorest dance partners . lacks the glamor and sex appeal of the astaire/rogers films . in spite of these shortcomings the film is worth watching
i listened to the unabridged version on tape . i enjoy audio books because i 'm able to work at the same time ( i paint ) . so i get to feed my desire for great fiction , and get my work done at the same time . blair brown did an incredible job as a narrator . she was able to create a unique `` voice '' for each character in the story , making it easy for the reader to keep track of all of the characters from the get go . however , by the time i got to the end of the tape , i was glad that i at least had painted those six hours instead of wasting my time reading this novel ! i was so disappointed at the end , and found myself really irritated by the main character about three quarters of the way into the story . from the beginning of the story , i was irritated by the character 's daughters too . also , i was irritated that nothing outwardly seemed to change in rebecca 's life . ok , she had an arc , but it was all in her head . i found it very unfullfilling . if i had n't been passively listening to the story , while doing something else , i probably would n't have finished the novel
this book was a disappointment , while there is some excellent background on the structure of matter and quantum mechanics , there is very little on the topic of superstrings . in reading through it , i got the impression that the segments on strings were an afterthought , something that needed to be mentioned but in no great detail . if you need some knowledge of quantum mechanics and the historical development of the understanding of matter , then this book is worth reading . however , if your interest is first and foremost that of the current theories of strings and superstrings , then quite frankly this book is not worth your time and money .
nothing to write home about . lot of rap style rifts but nothing that challenged her vocally .
let me start by explaining the title of my review : being an indian ( settled in india , not outside ) i am incessantly perplexed by the plethora or completely rubbish books from india which the west just ca n't seem to get enough of . books which say nothing about india , and are not about it . just books set in india , which throw in some curry and some local language , and somehow thus make people fall all over themselves in an attempt to praise the book . my gut revolts against such partisanship , and this is one of those books which is a perfect example of this rubbish trend , and hence is going to get such deserving treatment at my hands . but let me start by going back a bit in time and giving credit where it 's due : after reading his first two books , i came to the very early conclusion that vikram chandra was the narrator 's narrator , a storyteller of uncommon brilliance , a weaver of magic tales . on the flip side , like most other chandra fans , i too was frustrated by his ability to end every one of his stories in the worst all of all possible ways ; but i loved his craft nonetheless . i had almost convinced myself that with his next book , i 'd stop about <NUM> % before the end of the book , and with sacred games , that promise turned out to be very easy to fulfill - i managed to put the book down without dying of guilt about halfway through itself . sacred games is a book about nothing : there are no characters who feel real , it is not about the protagonists ' environment , it does n't rotate around or shed new light on any events , and it does n't deal with any objects of fascination . nothing . nil . zilch . nada . a lot of people have talked about this as another of the , if not the definitive bombay book , but having lived there myself , i can vouch for the fact that this book does n't even begin to capture an iota of the character or the essence of bombay . ( if you really want to read about the city , read `` shantaram '' - now that 's a book ! ) in fact , i think one of the lowest points of the book is how it fails to create any context - the events of this book could almost have happened anywhere , at almost any point in time . ( and no , that does not make it timeless - just outright insipid . ) simple mechanisms like linkages to some real-life events would have given the reader something to hold on to - but no , mr. chandra refuses to give any straws to the drowning . reviewers have gone ga-ga over it 's portrayal of the bombay mafia , but there is nothing said here which is even remotely new , and there is n't the slightest different twist to it . dons , corrupt policemen , actors , dancing girls , slums , and smuggling - everything has been told , and told much better . a stunningly stupid highlight of this book is the copious usage of local language without any glossary to help the readers understand what the terms mean . i have almost been a local there , and though i understood most of the local or slang language , there were terms which bewildered even me . i understand that mr. chandra believes that this deliberate omission of explanations draws you into the story , but when there are <NUM> or more such words per page , it will leave a lot of readers more irritated than intrigued . overall , i would strongly recommend avoiding this book . the indians because there is nothing here that you do n't know or ca n't read about in a better written book , and the rest because this is not about india -it 's just a forced nowhere story . save your money and your time . go buy or read something else .
okay , now , for all of you who are expecting a book that teaches interesting morals and cool things in it , put this book away right now ! ! ! put it into a dusty corner and whenever you may catch a glimpse of it , laugh in a malicious tone because you have n't feasted your eyes on the most stupid book ever written ! ! this book ends with such a melancholy abruption that i thought i might be witnessing the severe chopping of a movie gone over far too many minutes . this book ... is horrendous . -angry reader
oh my , what can i say about this whispery little train wreck . it 's third-rate coffee house music that struggles to be heard over conversations ( as it should be ) . in the quiet sanctuary of my den , it 's revealed for all it is n't . it is n't clever , musically or lyrically , and just drones along seemingly forever . my audiophile friends would like it because the sparse notes and little extraneous noises would make their overly analytical and fatiguing systems sound magical . unless you 're into performances that sound influenced by heavy doses of thorazine , do n't bother
rest stop ( john shiban , <NUM> ) writer/producer john shiban makes his feature-film directorial debut with rest stop , a slick little thriller that wants to be far more than it actually is . while this is an admirable goal , it 's never possible to fully forget that the movie 's trying a bit too hard . still , it 's a vast improvement over a lot of recent damsel-in-distress flicks . nicole ( watch over me 's jaimie alexander ) and jessie ( joey mendicino in his big-screen debut ) have run away from their small-town texas home and are on their way to los angeles when they pull into a rest stop . after the required bathroom break , nicole comes outside to find jessie has disappeared . she also discovers the rest stop is the home base for a particularly nasty serial killer who 's been picking off young girls there for a very long time . she 's forced into a game of cat and mouse with the guy , and finds herself questioning her sanity more and more as the game goes on . yes , there are plot holes big enough to drive a yellow pickup truck through . and yes , there are some awe-inspiringly stupid moments ( especially the final scene ) that make you wonder whether anyone at the production company actually read the entire script before bankrolling this thing ( i kept thinking it was the filmed equivalent of a novel published by xlibris ) . but shiban was at least trying , and you have to give him a few brownie points for that . i mean , how seriously can you take a movie that casts joey lawrence as a cop ? and how seriously are you supposed to take a movie that features the camper family to be found in the middle of this one ? it 's entirely possible that the most you 'll get out of this movie is a few laughs , a few hours of nitpicking with your buddies , and some awesome eye candy in the for of jaimie alexander . still , that 's a whole lot more than you got from haute tension . *
almost unbelievably bad , except i saw the remake of 'shaft , ' which should have been a forewarning . this is like a comic book for filmgoers . no , not a graphic novel adapted to the screen . more like a comic book for kids , that you 'd be embarassed to own at any age . doubly offensive is the high quality soul music that is on the soundtrack , a travesty to the nth degree .
the songs on the cd are great . jane monheit has a beautiful voice and she performs several christmas classics well . this `` enhanced '' version is horrible however . sony has `` enhanced '' this version of the cd so that you can not import the music into itunes and then subsequently play it in your ipod . you can only use it in sony digital players
emo noisemaking and christian themes . the two worst elements of our society combined in a package filled with talentless musicianship . face it kids this is a fad . a really pathetic fad . disco was a fad and they has thousands upon thousands of drones listening and participating in the disco scene . the same happened with hair metal and nu-metal . those scenes are completely dead and gone and so will this one be one day . you will look back on this period of your life tied up in this fad in embarrasment of your blatant stupidity . as i always say in my reviews , this is trash and should be treated so accordingly . this band should take their emo wrist cutting lyrics to heart and kill themselves for the better of humanity .
several songs on this album are note for note copied from titus . has tyler bates no shame ? the original composer ( titus ' elliot goldenthal ) created an awesome score , buy it instead
lets revisit the history of the band plain white t 's . their debut album `` stop '' was a very anthem filled songs about life and relationships that would appeal to mostly to people in highschool or perhaps young college students . this being said because the album talks alot about doing something with your life at pivotal moments and of course relationships . next , came their highly anticipated `` all that we needed '' album and it had more of a <NUM> 's power pop/dance sound to it along with some of the songs possibly being mistaken for the band `` the cars '' . it had a more diverse vibe to it and i could see it appealing to highschoolers and most definitely college students . than this summer they released `` hey there delilah ep '' which was a solid ep which could appeal to many young adults with its mature sound to it . i figured since the ep was so good , that their debut for major label , hollywood records , would be fantastic . well , just the opposite folks . the plain white t 's have went backwards on `` every second counts '' . i mean way backwards ... back even before their debut album `` stop '' . i say this because the whole theme of the album is about relationships , relationships , and relationships . after about halfway through the album it sounds like you 're listening to a broken record . okay , i get it ! some girl screwed you over , and then you screwed her over and now you really do n't like each other anymore . the lyrics is what really kills this album along with the cliche songs . the lyrics in their first single , `` hate ( i really do n't like you ) '' is a perfect example of this . it cringes to repeat the chorus so i 'm not even going to do it . i mean , the lyrics sound like junior high drama instead of maturer songs about life which were in their previous albums . bottom line , they went to writing songs that highschoolers and young adults could relate to , to writing songs that junior high kids could relate to . i 'm sorry , but that 's not progression . i guess another word you could throw at these guys is `` sellout '' because that could very well be the case here . i 'm just going to pretend they did n't release this and enjoy their other albums . do n't get me wrong , the songs are catchy and all but the album just gets old and tiring after halfway through . i ca n't recommend this or not recommend this to anyone . old fans might enjoy , but also despise it like i do . anyways , their other albums are good so buy them before you ever even consider buying this one . download first ..
i saw the amityville remake last night . i absolutely loved the original even if it did n't age well over time . i think what made the original so good was that the characters who played the leads really looked frightened e.g . james brolin , margot kidder and rod steiger really conveyed fear in their eyes . the newer version stars ryan reynolds , who is more renowned for comedy and melissa george , an australian actress who started her career in daytime soaps . philip baker hall plays the priest fr callaway . it would be unfair to describe the acting as incompetent , it is n't . my main problem is with the plot and the way the film unravels . the opening sequence shows the massacre of the defoe family by ronnie the son who goes mad . this is quite a creepy sequence and uses similar imagery to the film se7en . it sets the scene nicely . then we cut forward to the lutz family who snap up the property and are told of the house 's history . after initial reluctance , they decide to move in and give it a go . then the weird things start to happen like the apparition to the lutz daughter of jody defoe , the girl who was murdered by her brother a year before . there are one or two jump out of the seat moments after this but i consider the film to be a wasted opportunity overall the film turns into a budget version of the shining , concentrating on the declining sanity of george lutz played by ryan reynolds . this insanity builds up until the end of the film where he comes to his senses and the family escape the house . in the original , the insanity of the lutz father is only one of several episodes to befall the family in the house . gone is the appearance of the demon pig , the secret room behind the fireplace painted in blood and other such episodes . most disappointing was the brief appearance of philip baker hall , an actor who is normally excellent at conveying distress ( remember him as the dying quiz show host in magnolia ? ) .i expected lots more from his appearance in the house than the swarm of flies attacking his face ? i suppose one of the main problem with the film is it 's brevity . it clocks in at under <NUM> minutes in runtime . what starts out as a very eerie film ends up another shlock horror zombie film . it could have been so much better really .
mississippi and sugar baby are great songs , up there with the best dylan has done . however , the rest of the album , while listenable , is n't all that memorable . still , i suppose it 's amazing that he can still produce a couple of great songs still , after over <NUM> years performing and recording . the same can not be said for '60s peers like paul mccartney or the stones . overall , time out of mind was better , although that too was a little overrated , with only not dark yet , standing in the doorway and trying to get to heaven truly belonging to the canon of great bob songs .
do you feel different from people around you ? do they resent your ingenuity ? have you been kept from achieving your full potential by tradition-bound brutes who live only for base needs ? do you long for the company of others like yourself , who , tragically but inevitably , are biologically destined to wipe these shorter , darker subhumans from the face of the earth ? congratulations ! you are either in the aryan nations or the clan of the cave bear fan club , possibly both ! ( i exaggerate- you could be a nineteenth century english settler in australia , or a boer in south africa , or maybe you just like larry niven , but that 's beside the point ) i can forgive auel for the historical inaccuracies in the book . in the late <NUM> 's when she did her research , we did n't have the genomic tools to reconstruct the lives of neanderthals , and even now enough controversy persists to keep the discussion page lively over at wikipedia . ultimately we 'll never know for sure what the paleolithic was like , and auel 's is if nothing else a vivacious fictional suggestion . similarly , her bloated , almost puffy writing style is excusable in a first-time author , though one wonders what parasite infected her editor . i have n't read her more recent works , but i imagine she has probably improved . even with the pendulous sentences clan is not unreadable . what infuriates me is the casually racist subtext of the story , nowhere critiqued or even acknowledged . the story reads like a near-literal historicization of helena blavatsky 's secret doctrine on the fall of the `` aryans '' - who interbred with `` subhumans '' introducing the world to , oh i dunno , domination by the unworthy , blind tradition , suppression of the individual , all the hallmarks of the book 's neanderthal culture . of course , even in this the blond-haired blue-eyed ayla is innocent , overpowered by a brutish thug . against this master narrative , all the admittedly interesting side notes about plant-based medicine and flintknapping make no impression . i would recommend anyone interested in paleontology take a trip to a museum or cruise the internet , and give auel 's books a wide berth . also ? enough rape scenes already
lent to me 'cause i 'm such a mystery fan . but i could n't get over the fact that anne perry is herself a convicted murderer and if i bought her books i 'd be contributing to her profit off her murder . from time : `` when mystery writer anne perry was <NUM> , she committed murder . she and her friend , pauline , killed pauline 's mother . perry served <NUM> 1/2 years in an adult women 's prison . after her release , she left new zealand and has never returned . now living in scotland , perry has fashioned a new life and a successful career . although family and close friends knew about perry 's past , it was never known to the general public , including her agent and her u.s. publisher . the new zealand film , heavenly creatures , deals with the <NUM> case . a new zealand reporter uncovered perry 's previous identity as juliet hulme . perry insists she does not remember specifics of the actual crime . '' watch the documentary `` heavenly creatures '' for the facts . it 's just gross that she got off so light for murder and is now rich because she writes about how to committ murders . she 's not wise , she 's opportunistic
i did not like this book . the organization was abysmal , and i decided to sell it back to the college bookstore for use by future hapless students , because it is not good as a reference guide . i did not like how the author seemed to gear the book to an audience that is terrified of their computers or anything dealing with * gasp * math
okay , maybe i am greatly missing something , and someone can inform me of where they are , but i could n't find most the guys sources . there were numbers beside certain facts , but i looked into the back of the book , and everything , and found no connection with the numbers listing where the fact originated . i went to the index , and what was listed as recources , but they had no connection with the numbers which were listed besides the facts in which he put forth . when i read a book which is suppose to expose new information to me , i would expect there to be an extensive list of sources so that i can look up the information and the people in which he obtained the information from . what i found in the resources section were links to papers i should read which all contain biased info which were mainly on why you should eat vegan . i do n't deny that the guy truly believes what he is doing is right , and that he is truly trying to help people , but the fact that i ca n't find sources bothers me . anyways , this guy talks about how great it will be to live long -- personally , i could give a crap .... last thing i want to be is freaking 50yrs old , but that is just my opinion . i do n't get what the point of him writing numbers beside facts was if he is n't going to back those numbers up with source information . read at your own risk . there is always the chance that i obtained a copy which left out this information , or that i am just missing it , but until i see a source list on his information , and am able to see completely the studies he includes , which talk about people living longer , being healthier , etc , then i ca n't fully believe him
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . no . i 'm sorry . there 's no negotiating with that . i do n't care if i come back and see `` <NUM> of 2,000 people have found this review helpful '' i wo n't change my opinion . this movie is just flat out bad ! why is it so bad ? i could write a book on it , but i can sum it all up by simply saying it is your typical disaster film . it follows every single cliche in the book . and i do n't mean fun cliche like horror movies , i mean like you know what 's going to happen the entire movie five minutes in . <NUM> . natural disaster of ludicrous proportions hits america . no other nation is affected , of course , or if they are only to a slight degree . <NUM> . government leaders go , `` omfg wtf ? '' and try to prevent it . initial destruction is prevented by blocking up the storyline with subplots . <NUM> . some cockamany idea to stop the disaster is attempted . it works ... <NUM> . ... for about five seconds . then real disaster hits and millions die . let 's think seriously here : how many mega natural disasters have befallen major american cities ? like serious disasters ? i can think of two : san francisco in the early <NUM> 's and recently new orleans . yet somehow in movies when a natural disaster hits , it always hits a highly populated area . there 's loads more cliches - hell , a section in part two concerning people escaping a destroyed casino is basically a thirty minute `` poseidon 's adventure . '' with such ingenuity , you would n't expect too much character development , would you ? i hope not , because this movie has the most typical assortment of characters you 'll ever find : * the government official who tells other characters what 's going on and shoots people worried looks . * the typical government leader ( in this case , the president ) who mostly does yelling and pity-playing * the feisty , independent daughter who has a coming of age moment - and who by the way , happens to be the president 's daughter and happens to get her father to ask the secret service to leave her alone . um ... the president does n't even have the power to tell the secret service to leave him alone . * the wife trapped in a building who turns out to be pregnant . * the two brothers who hate each other but learn to cope with one another before one of them dies . * the guy who yells `` i 'm getting out of here ! '' and gets killed upon trying to escape . * the worry-wort girl who is told `` you 'll make it out of here '' only to die two minutes later . * the stubborn old folks who refuse to leave their home , even with immenant death and destruction headed their way . why ? `` this is our home ! '' your suburban house in houston ? please ! unless you 're living on freggin ' indian burial grounds , do n't tell me your small patch of turf is worth getting yourself killed for . you 're supposed to care for these people . you 're supposed to feel bad when they die . but since they 're the same cookie-cutter characters you 've seen a hundred times in a hundred different disaster movies , you really do n't care . but let me get to my biggest beef with this movie ... who the heck directed this ? ! lem me check imdb ... john lafia ? hey john - do n't ever direct again ! or if you do , here 's a little advice - keep your damn camera still ! every single shot is either shaky cam or zooms . yes , zoom . zoom in . zoom out . zoom in . zoom out . every single shot . does n't matter the mood , tone , or action . zoom in . zoom out . it 's like they did n't plan out any of the scenes and the camera man had to correct every shot . this gets old in about five minutes . no , actually , it got old in ten seconds . and considering this is a two-part miniseries , about an hour and a half long each , it 's enough to have someone commit suicide . is this movie good ? no , because i 've seen it already . i saw it when it was called `` deep impact . '' i sall it when it was called `` armaggedon . '' i saw it when it was `` dante 's peak . '' i saw it when it was `` volcano . '' i saw it when it was `` asteroid . '' i saw it when it was ... arg ! ! my apologies for the bitter review , but this movie really tried my patience . i can not understand how there are people out there that like this . i suppose there is a secret cult of self-mutilating masochists out there who enjoy punishing themselves by watching bad movies for their own sick , evil amusement . then again , perhaps i hate and love this movie as much as i hate and love myself ..
i have several kathy smith videos & never minded the outdated clothes , hair , or music because of the quality of the workout . i 've tried newer more popular videos every year & found the instructors prissy and their routines contrived . i 'm a big fan of kathy 's style and she never failed to deliver a truly effective workout that left me soaked w/sweat & ready to do it again the next day . having said that , this video sucked ! ! when i got pregnant i immediately sought out kathy 's video among all the other pregnancy fitness choices and was sorely disappointed . i think my grandmother could handle this routine on fast-forward ! ! i get more worked up doing my dishes than this video ! ! i 've resorted to just doing my favorite kathy smith step video without the step instead
a french saying goes : `` the more things change , the more they stay the same . '' it appears that the `` historical '' epic film of yesteryear is still much like that of today in that `` poetic '' license is taken to the extreme in passing outright lies and fabrications as truth . one of the things that really turned my stomach watching this is d w griffith 's emphasis at least twice during the film that he did not intend to offend any race but wanted to show historical events and yet goes on to portray outright falsehoods as truth . firstly , we all know that this cameron dude did not start the kkk and that this organisation has its roots in indiana and not south carolina . secondly , the kkk is not the defender of the south and there is no need to `` purify '' the race as is portrayed here the exact words used by d w is `` preserve the aryan race . '' modern science , using cutting edge dna research has already proved that we all come from the same african man about 60,000 years ago and so any racial distinctions are not only ethically wrong but factually wrong as well . like it or not , we are all related and separated only by about <NUM> generations despite our seemingly outward physical differences and have a common ancestor . some of the portrayals of blacks as alcoholics and white women predators with behaviours more akin to monkeys i found extremely revolting and shocking and leaves me completely unsurprised that riots and lynchings quickly followed the screenings of this movie . yes , this movie may have been the first feature length movie that used a number of novel techniques but does this excuse the content ? this is not akin to an einstein discovering relativity folks ; every single `` good '' thing about this movie would have been `` discovered/invented '' with or without d w. eventually and very probably very soon after . every one of the techniques used would have eventually been used by any of the later , talented directors of the time . the overall lies , attempts to justify racism and the murderous kkk more than make this film fit for the dust bin than for immortality in movie 's great hall of fame . they say that racists are not born but bred ; this is why i 'm not at all surprised at what d w griffith has done here . his father was considered a `` hero '' of the confederate army where he served as a colonel . i 'm sure as a bitter loser of the great war , he must have taught his son his belief system and how to be a great racist . this movie has not been preserved all that well with many scenes being either too bright or too dark and the soundtrack is too loud and it 's quite irritating to have to keep hearing mendelssohn 's overtures over and over again . in conclusion , the question this movie raises is does freedom of expression mean it 's okay to make a mockery of history to further a racist directors ' world view ? also , do you buy the fact that just because this is the first movie that 's longer than an hour mean that this should be revered for all time despite its extremely offensive and destructive message ? like i said before none of the `` techniques '' that this film claims to have `` discovered '' are earth-shattering discoveries that would have required a genius to uncover anyway . so the bottom line is we have here an extremely racist and hate-inducing film that caused a lot more damage than good ; d w griffith 's legacy/mess
i have been waiting for this cd for a while and i must say it was a complete disapointment for me.i am a devoted fan and i must say this production is not even close to the previous cd's.the songs are too bland and the quality of the compositions is very poor and flat.overall a bad cd
i bought <NUM> of their cd 's from amazon after hearing the song `` bad days '' in a batman movie . this cd is the worst of the <NUM> i bought . not one good song . totally lame . i 'm not even going to stick someone else with it . i 'm just going to throw it out
i figured if oprah wanted america to read this book that it could n't be too bad . i had held out on reading faulkner , and now i know why . i read alot and love reading but this book , and `` as i lay dying '' makes me question why oh why faulkner is a classic . my hypothesis is that its so unapproachable therefore people think it must be brilliant . this is a good book for english class when you can sit around and discuss the meanings of it all and read sparknotes together . this is not a book for sitting at home and reading for yourself . if you want to know the story just go read the sparknotes version . the book itself is too hard to figure out and there is little plot . its just a long headache really .
do you think if i wrote some nursery rhyme lyrics from bizzaro world and starting singing in a voice more suited to sesame street that i could get a record contract too like devendra banhart ? his record has to be some kind of inside joke , or the efforts of one seriously untalented individual . sprouting nonsensical phrases one after the other might pass as genius among some people but i want a bit more substance to my music . i found this record personally insulting because it 's obvious that someone out there felt you can just put out any old crap filled with `` strange and fantastic '' lyrics that are ultimately meaningless and people would evitably go out and buy it because it 's 'unique ' and that your uncool if you do n't get 'it ' ( whatever 'it ' is ) . if you want to listen to a quality record by a singer-songwriter than go check out bright eyes ' `` i 'm wide awake , it 's morning '' or damien rice 's `` o '' and steer clear of this insult to good taste
my feelings are very mixed on the live performance by 2pac . but in the end , i feel it is a cd that should be avoided unless you absolutely need everything issued under 2pac 's name . the sound quality is terrible ; it would not rate well if being issued as a bootleg . the cd starts off with a live medley , but drops in about the middle of california love . even the most idiotic bootlegger would not make such a mistake . if you decide to continue listening , it is probably because there is a dearth of live material by 2pac that has found its way to cd . but because of that , why would something of such poor quality be the best for a commercial release ? and at the end of the <NUM> or so minutes , it becomes obvious ... suge knight was trying one more time to cash in on 2pac 's legacy before his label became totally insignificant . the cd does not have the amaru logo on it , meaning that afeni shakur did not approve the release . but knight 's name is written in bold letters anywhere it can fit . after taking it all in , knight should have done 2pac 's fans a favor and just made an appeal for donations on the internet .
i never write reviews for the cds i buy , but felt the need for this one . nfg seemed to be maturing with catalyst , but sadly went back to writing the same thing they always wrote . i tried listening to the cd a lot to get hooked , but it 's weaker than their self-titled . they grew for the next two albums into something bigger and better , and then lost it all . this album is super poppy , which is ok , but the lyrics are some of their worst . i know some might disagree , and that 's fine . i just wanted to warn people , if you liked the direction they were going in catalyst , then you 'll probably see this one as a step backwards . sorry nfg ! i still love you ! in a manly hitting each other sort of way
i remember when this album came out . i had been a huge sonic youth fan for years and i ran to mod lang in berkeley to buy it the day it was released . i brought it home , put it on , and desperately tried to like it . but i just could n't . sy had always had a penchant for strectching out their feedback experiments into sprawling , fasinating compositions , but here it all just seemed to melt down into a pointless noise crusade . there are a few high points , but mostly i just find myself thinking , `` there is no way this song deserves to be nine minutes long . '' the slide continued on the next record , but fortunately they got it together again on `` murry street '' and have been putting out great stuff ever since .
i was stunned by how bad this cd sounds . i 'm no expert , so i ca n't give you a precise description with proper terminology . suffice it to say it 's a bad job of transferring the recordings to cd . i later bought the gold version , and the difference is like night and day . judy collin 's voice is too wonderful to let this awful cd prevent you from really hearing her . the gold version is worth the extra money
the total absence of normative values makes for tedium , and revulsion , not for greatness . nor even , for that matter , for titillation . when even father/daughter incest is treated as a matter of callous indifference , it becomes easy to see why the french are exterminating themselves , by refusing to reproduce themselves . at the fertility rate of 1.4 children per family , the french nation will be gone in another few generations . this movie will help the viewer see why . sociologically and philosphically interesting , in that it epitomizes the banality of evil , and demonstrates the futility of putting lipstick on a pig . secularism is devoid of soul , and offers nothing to live for , nothing to live by .
i have recently completed reading babywise ii . i consider myself a christian and this book is extremely popular in my church . throughout the entire book , i had moments of complete confusion and disagreement accompanied by moments of complete agreement and lucidity regarding how to implement these methods . however , by the end , i realized that i should not be confused by or passionately against any section of a book that would truly benefit my child . while i believe there are some helpful and necessary methods in the book , i had already found much of that advice in other sources . for example , feeding schedules are advocated by many resources , but those other sources are very clear when it comes to making sure babies ' basic needs are met before implementing such routines . with my knowledge from other resources , i attempted to read babywise with a bit of grace , but at the same time i felt guilt and coercement at many points ; for instance , when i realized that my child was having one more meal a day than what is 'recommended ' by mr. ezzo for a child her age . for the record , my pediatrician generally recommends one more meal than she is receiving for a child her age . this concern and my confusion on other subjects in the book prompted me to speak to my husband about the book and i asked him to read it . he read only the forward and immediately became suspicious . he asked me if there were any references and i instantly realized there were none . it then became clear that the pediatrician listed as an author indeed had no authorship save the foreword , and that mr. ezzo has had no formal education regarding child development . a very quick search on the internet confirmed our deductions , and we found many articles against mr. ezzo 's methods , including a well documented student 's masters thesis . out of curiosity and still trying to find a way to defend this popular book , i performed internet searches on all of the other resources on child development we own ( four books ; all of which document research for their claims and advice ) and found absolutely no negative press for any . based on how unclear i found the teachings in the book and how much bad advice i had to sort out , i strongly urge anybody who reads this book to read other books first . as i said , i do n't disagree with all of the methods and advice , but it should be seen as advice from a person who has raised obedient ( not a bad thing ) children and has no other qualifications beyond that . you could do just as well asking advice from a friend or acquaintence with children who possess qualities you admire . as we all know every child is different and reacts to different discipline methods differently . please make sure you go to many resources to find the option best suited to your child . just an end note : as popular as this book is among my friends , i have not known anybody to follow the babywise book beyond feeding schedules and sleeping issues , and there is a good reason for that : not all of it is good advice
this book has nothing to do with organizational change . it is simply the ravings of a futurist . there are plenty of good books of strategic organizational change , buy those instead
this movie was a weak effort by capra , who directed it , and the star , gary cooper . it 's a good story , just poorly directed ( capra ca n't hit a home run every time ) . i found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on . and no extra features on the dvd , at least none to speak of
this is something for a new manager with little experience in not only systems administration but supervision . this book may give a clue to someone who has just stepped into such a position but provides little depth and direction . unfortunately , there is n't any one book out there as management is a very complex role that encompasses many disciplines , any one of which would be a volume in itself . i was very dissappointed and i find the other reviews misleading
i bought this book , hoping it would go farther than getting into the `` front door '' of dming . i kept reading , telling myself , no it is going to go into depth , it is going to hit on some substance , but it never did . it spends too much of its time , focusing on the `` dummy '' concept . it repeats itself over and over again , stating `` you are the dm , you are the one that runs the game '' . yes i know that , now get on with the book , i kept saying ! if you are a totally new dm , then this book will be helpful . if you have run a game , a couple of times , then you have probably already figured out all of the concepts mentioned here .
silly and insipid , and as grand as the resurrected animation department at disney was from `` little mermaid '' thru `` aladdin '' and `` lion king '' and `` beauty & the beast '' , crud like this only reminded one of the era od `` the black cauldron '' .
i bought this cd many years ago and just now feel the urge to write a review . i was so disappointed . i mean the original versions of these songs are good but after listened to half a disc i felt remixed out . the remixes become boring and just left me thirsty for the original versions . also did not like the way the songs were broken out . one disc is supposed to be mellow and the other is supposed to be jamming but after listening to the disc i wondered why songs appeared on the wrong disc . there is no flow on these cds . i am still waiting for the proper greatest hits while this one gathers dust . not recommended
this is the first book by deaver that i have read . apparently there are a couple of prequels to this novel involving the same main characters -- i will never read them . deaver has adequate style and a talent for pacing a mystery thriller . he also has some skill in character development ; however , he only applies this skill to the secondary characters in this story . perhaps the main characters in this story appeared so flat to me because i have not read the other novels in this series , but judging by their inconsistent behavior , bizarre motivations , and the melodramatic dialogue in this novel i doubt the other books could be much better . worse than deaver 's hackneyed mystery cut-out-characters is his insistence that the reader be willing to accept the most unbelievable and unlikely situations for the sake of a dramatic situation or plot twist . like many other second-drawer mystery writers , deaver portrays such notable organizations as the fbi , ins , us coast guard , and the nypd as ridiculously inept and corruptible . nor has he made any attempt to research the actual policies and procedures that these organizations would follow in the situations presented in the story . deaver also has a poor grasp on the politics of international economics . this is normally excusable in a mystery writer , but since deaver sets chinese/american economics as the foundation of his final plot twist the whole story comes crashing down in the final chapters of the novel . a note to deaver and other mystery writers : it is not a requirement for a great detective to be a pompous jerk and an abrasive know-it-all . it has been <NUM> years since doyle introduced the world to sherlock holmes , and we have had <NUM> years of mediocre mystery writers plagiarizing doyle 's character . please try to be original . and also , if the final `` twist '' in your story is so complicated and so unbelievable that you must expend two chapters in trying to explain it , perhaps it should n't be there in the first place . i give this book a d .
there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound , then they are . the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable `` crash '' , but at least that was ( somewhat ) assuaged by strong performances . this -- arguably the worst `` mainstream '' motion picture of <NUM> -- is redeemed by nothing . an excruciatingly long <NUM> hours , and as much as i ( usually ) enjoy george clooney , i might never forgive him for this drek
this epic work is currently being referenced repeatedly as a cautionary tale of what the u.s. should be careful of in iraq . superlatives like `` history at its best '' , `` an all-time classic '' and `` superbly accurate '' are being tossed around carelessly to describe alistair horne 's history . in fact , it remains a remarkably racist work loved by state department officials and neocons alike - similar , but not quite on par with , the racial hatred on display in that other state department favourite , the arab mind , by raphael patai . in this work , alistair horne describes in gory detail atrocities committed by the fln , or algerian nationalist rebels , while skimming over far worse atrocities committed by the nice white-guy french . atrocities are not to be ranked , measured , and compared , but horne 's bias becomes transparent when he describes in detail and over several pages the killing of <NUM> french - a tragic and ugly incident , no doubt - but then blithely mentions in passing , without flesh-and-blood detail , that the french killed 6,000 algerians in response . six thousand ! most of these were summary executions of unarmed prisoners , a common french tactic , and many thousands of the civilians murdered were toddlers and elderly women . this is but a glimpse into the sick mind of alistair horne , who manages somehow to see the french as victims . he deplores the damage to the french psyche caused by their torture of thousands of algerian civilians , without once considering the damage the torture had on algerians , the actual people being tortured . horne makes cursory mentions of barbaric acts committed by the french but never draws the conclusion that french society itself may have been perverse , twisted , or morally sick . yet , he has no hesitation in expressing that algerians ' behaviour proves that they are somehow subhuman , or less human , than europeans . in short , this is a good book to read to understand how once upon a time the french , like the americans today , felt themselves infallible , civilised , and racially superior to arab and other `` primitive '' peoples . it is an illusion that must be fought . another reviewer on this site mentions that horne 's book covers `` islamic terrorism '' , but no such phrase is to be found in his book . contrary to what most americans believe today , so-called `` islamic terror '' is not an eternal and everlasting feature of the modern world ; in <NUM> , when horne wrote this work , there had yet been no iranian revolution , no soviet invasion of afghanistan ( and hence no al-qaida ) , no israeli occupation of south lebanon ( and hence no hizbullah ) , and no israeli-supported creation of hamas as a counterweight to the secular plo . therefore , no such concept of `` islamic terrorism '' existed in horne 's mind or in any other person 's mind in <NUM> . it is a failing of the human mind to write current events into history ; american journalists employ it as their favourite agitprop tactic .
maybe it was just me , but this concert dvd is a major disappointment ! it 's quite surprising to see how little ( if any ) connection madonna makes with the audience . shorn of her locks , her aerobically toned and fit body is the hard shell of an automaton here . perhaps it 's a result of her having become larger than life ( ala striesand , whitney houston , etc. ) . despite all the razzle-dazzle here , examples of an almost icy distance from her audience abound . songs like `` vogue '' and `` express yourself '' should have been rousing stompers . instead , they are overstylized , choreographed to the max and perfunctory ( the effect is like watching a canned tv award show performance ) . worst of all is her ill-conceived `` like a virgin . '' i can understand the need to refashion the same songs to forestall boredom , but `` virgin '' recast as <NUM> 's marlene dietrich nightclub lounge kitsch ( complete with unisex tuxedo , top hat and faux-german accent ) ? ? ? ? this is a shocking lapse in judgment -- and boring to boot ! ! ! the only sign of life comes near the end , with the lock-step performance of `` holiday , '' which is seductively refashioned as a funky marching-band romp . here , she and her dancers perform in what must have been stifling maxi-length military-style coats ! one look at this performance and you ca n't help but wish for the juice of her earlier stuff . no one begrudges the right of an artist to change and grow , but there is something to be said for giving the audience what it came for . i 'm willing to give madonna one more shot and pick up the blond ambition dvd when or if it becomes available . until then , my best advice is to check out dvds featuring the likes of tina turner , donna summer or even sade -- they all prove that you can make the old new again , share and reveal something that a studio production ca n't , and thus never need to worry about going stale . real concert greatness is not overstylized pomp -- it 's audience connection !
i ca n't find anything good to say about this book . i agree that it 's tedious , boring and a waste of money . i put it down and picked it up and then asked myself 'why ' , closed it up and put it up . i was going to sell it here but everyone else who tried to read it beat me to it . it 's not even worth the $ .01 .
the only reason why i think this `` movie '' continues to actually exist is the fact that the luscious & amazingly gorgeous elizabeth hurley does topless nudity in the film . other than that asset , this film is absolutely abysmal . atrocious acting , hackneyed script , ham fisted direction and terrible lighting . it 's not even good in a so-bad-it's-good type of way . avoid at all costs and just download the elizabeth hurley nudity off of the internet
except for ray of light , which is one of the best pop songs of 90s , the power of goodbye , beautiful stranger and deeper and deeper . where are the remixes of do n't cry for me argentina , or you must love me or the remake of american pie ? the half of the album is full of silly ballads and r & b-scented numbers like the rubbish it 's human nature , the sleep-inducing ( but mean to be a good ballad ) take a bow which is the same with all babyface songs , bedtime story which is the same as ever with anything bjork has done in the past and so-so secret . frozen seems to be a nice standout but it does n't feel sincere , and more or less sounds like power of goodbye ... and the music album was one of the worst albums madonna crapped out so singles should not be different . all in all , madonna is not a slow number singer ; her voice terribly sounds weaker than her dance numbers and that 's why this greatest hits album was not successful as immaculate collection because the singles were already bad . this album reflects the spiral-down of madonna through 90s to 2000s ( except ray of light where she struck gold ) where she hit the bottom with american life and has not recovered herself . go buy immaculate collection , ray of light album , down load one or two other songs at your disposal and you will have the good things madonna has produced among the heap of redundant mass called pop music .
the only thing this album can do to me is put me to sleep . i do not know what in theworld was james thinking when he mixed this album . not great , not pleasent , not good at all
i have been a fan of lois lowry 's books for years , and have appreciated some of the other ways she has handled disability before . that is why i had trouble with how she handled it in this book . much of my family in the era this book is written lived in rural areas , and many were said to be `` touched '' , with the same conditions that cause me , for instance , to be unable to speak or relate to people in the usual way . they were also accepted in their communities a lot more than i have been in modern urban settings , and none were a danger to their communities . i enjoyed reading about similar settings to the ones in my family stories . that is why the ending was so shocking . there is a stereotype of disability that has caused disabled people to be removed from our families for a long time . this one runs that we do n't know any better , but have sinister tendencies lurking somewhere in our inability to understand certain things . it makes for a plot device that is accepted by many non-disabled people . rain man went to an institution and is supposed to stay there his whole life because he `` might hurt the baby '' , even though there are ways of preventing that kind of thing without taking such drastic measures , and even though that kind of thing is not common among autistic people . the boy in this story does something similar , with similar results . to people unfamiliar with this stereotype , or who believe in it , this plot device may seem powerful , and a way of advancing the sensitivity of the main character who knows that he `` did n't mean to do '' what he did . to me , it seems like a shortcut . many people in roughly that era were institutionalized because of widespread prejudices that they would hurt someone , or rape their sisters , or other things that turned out not to be how it usually actually happens . the story , to me , would have been more powerful by far if it had addressed those kind of real problems , rather than using the hackneyed storyline that is easier to write , perhaps , but advances those very same stereotypes . i wonder how many readers of this book will do the same sort of thing as one young mother did when she refused to allow me to board at her house because she had a small child and believed i would hurt him because i am autistic . that is the true danger in `` they 're dangerous , but they ca n't help it . '' i wonder what kind of thing she had heard and read to form a strange opinion like that . the author is a good author , and from the point of view of someone who might well have had the same social status in that era as the boy did , she could have written him , and even handled the issues around this kind of idea , much more responsibly
i have always like denise austin , however ; this was tape was way too fast for a beginner . i thought it was for beginner and on up . denise went way to fast and she did not explain the poses at all . i will not be using this tape . i was disappointed because normally i love her videotapes and her .
after reading the book medicine woman and the san francisco review of books on the back which says this is an autobiographical i have to question a few things . i come from manitoba and have lived there over <NUM> years . i 've never heard of a crowley and the cree first nations in manitoba that i was raised with would not be seeing a kokopelli or a kachina . it 's not part of their culture . the last and final huge mistake is the fact that most of this story could not have taken place outside without huge huge bottles of mosquitoe repellant as anyone who lives in the bush in manitoba knows especially those who may have a reason to go naked in the woods . perhaps lynn should n't be peddling her strange brand of spiritualism as true when it 's not . there are enough charlatans in the world without one stealing someone 's culture and calling it her own for the sake of the almight dollar . carol
this book is important for the historian who wishes to get a glimpse into the workings of the mind of an important figure in american revolutionary history , but it does n't stand on its own . it is written almost entirely as a response to edmund burke 's `` reflections on the revolution in france '' , so i would not recommend reading this one until and unless one has read that one . otherwise , it is impossible to judge the fairness of the rebuttals of burke 's points , as one only sees them through paine 's perspective , and paine is far from a fair and impartial debater ; he misses no opportunity to belittle his opponent 's arguments , and even his opponent himself . i would not be at all surprised to discover that he gives an inaccurate picture of what burke had to say , particularly given that history speaks rather better of burke 's misgivings than of paine 's panegyrics . both books were written before the reign of terror that resulted from the revolution in <NUM> ; the second part of this book came out in early <NUM> . also , history shows us just how silly some of paine 's claims for a republican , representative government are : 200+ years of representative government in the us have hardly banished wars , or the high taxes associated with them , even though the world as a whole is far more democratic than it was at his time . he makes some good points , and certainly it is hard to stand up against him in favor of hereditary monarchy , but it is apparent that he failed to see that not all `` democratic '' movements were necessarily benificent , even if it would be hard to have much sympathy for the autocratic regime that they overthrow
wonder why there are <NUM> used copies of this cd at the moment ? cause its craaaaaaaaaap ! ! ! ! like rockabilly ? like swing ? this aint the place to find it ... setzer is nothin but a 50s wannabe who looks stupid , acts stupid and plays even stupider music . there is nothing real about this music ... it is a fashion trend that is no dead , so go home setzer in that heinously ugly hotrod of yours
i have read many of anna pigeon books . this is my least favorite . the mystery is not developed and thought about which nevada barr usually does well . this was more of a book on bear/human relationship and a mystery ( small ) thrown in . i did not enjoy it like and it was more of a chore to read it . i highly suggest superior death or endagered species . these two are nevada barr 's best books
this paint-by-numbers new zealand film is a rote coming-of-age / adultery flick in which a family living by the seaside is put in moral jeopardy by a handsome stranger . throughout the film , i kept asking myself how the parents in this nuclear unit could spend so much time at their dream house without working a steady job . instead , it appears that everyone involved has far too much time on their hands and found that drinking themselves into oblivion will only do so much to ease the boredom . yes , mom ( sarah perise ) has a booze problem and the hots for the boat-bound stranger ( marton csokas ) . meanwhile , dad ( alistair browning ) sits cuckolded in the back yard sipping hard liquor . their two kids ( alicia fulford-wierzbicki and aaron murphy ) do n't have healthy hobbies either ; spending their time cutting private parts out of porn magazines and taping them to their bodies . i suppose there is a lot of `` higher meaning '' going on between these `` adult parts '' and the lemon tree that grows in their back yard . however , i really was n't inclined to dig deep in this overly glossy film whose plot and ending were visible from the onset . director jeffs muddies her water with an overabundance of slow motion shots , drawing out the tedium of rain . instead of treading new ground , the film provides the audience with trite morality and one-dimensional characters
having avoided seeing this film , i found that the mistake of sending my partner to the rental store on his on , brought `` tuesday ... '' unbiden into our home.my aversion to oprah and her ilk , does not cloud my dislike of this film . a bad film is a bad film.devoid of any real plot and hampered by some very poor acting on the part of all concerned , and directionless directing , this film should not be seen by anyone who values the aforementioned , to me a reasonable premise should move a story forward . something should occur , my interest should be engaged . this film takes reams of pre-packaged aphorisms and greeting card verses , and attempts to build the plot from words alone . it is as if someone picked up the telephone book and said , `` hey , this book is full of words , lets make a movie . `` in a way a movie about the different lives of those listed in the telephone book would be more interesting.to be honest , jack lemmon was not very good in this film . he played the same character he always did . just older . hank azaria was just awful . he talked as if his mouth was filled with stones , and was wooden and expressionless . maybe he was too embarrased to be there . as to the other actor 's ; well they filled up the space nicely.the look of the film was cheap and of the movie of the week quality . the sprayed on snow in a winter scene looked as fake as it was . they even covered the green leaves on the trees . some better acting , some good r rated dialogue , and maybe some nudity would have spiced up this film . as it stands , however , it will only be of interest to fans of oprah and dr.phil , etc . the purveyors of our national state of pity and feeling soory for ourselves.it is seldom that we find car keys under our chairs , but films such as this perpetuate the myth that a few nice phrases , a good cry , and a genial talk-show presenter will somehow make it all better.i , for one , think that a nice cuppa is more beneficial . then pull the finger out , and just get on with it . ( to the grammar and form police : i did have this in paragraphs , but the editing process scrunched it all together . sorry
the book was to hard to follow and used words that the common person does not even know . it seemed more like a novel to me and did n't help me understand much at all . i would not suggest this book there are better ones out ther
like so many bad , bad movies , this book is a beautiful production . it features slick , heavy paper ; a million color pictures ; attractive , readable typeface ; witty contributors . its proportions seem just right for its weight . but unless you just love grazing on hors d'oeuvres ( and many do ) , you 're likely to be disappointed by this beautiful but cynical exercise in marketing to the culturally insecure . as somebody has already noted : no iliad . no odyssey . no aeschylus . no euripides . no boccaccio . no chaucer . no dante . no machiavelli . no shakespeare . no marlowe . no old or new testament . no q'uran . no lao-tse , confucius , bhagavda-gita ( really short and really good ) . no beowulf . no sir gawain and the green knight . in fact , only <NUM> works from before <NUM> make the cut - and lest you think fun is the criterion , one of them is john lyly 's euphues long regarded as one of the most unreadable and , shall we say , `` affected '' works in english literature . you get john lyly instead of john milton . on the other hand , you do get <NUM> titles of books that have appeared since <NUM> . that 's a lot of `` classics '' in record time . how did they pick these ? and there 's another <NUM> - out of <NUM> , if you can dig it , `` you must read before you die '' written in the 20th century . the 19th century is well represented , i 'll grant . huck finn is here - but not twain 's more complicated letters from the earth , the mysterious stranger , a connecticut yankee , or pudd'nhead wilson . they also felt it necessary to fill out the list with a few short stories like lovecraft 's `` the mountains of madness '' and gogol 's `` the nose . '' great stories , but two actual books had to go to make room for them . books like the red badge of courage , for example . or maybe the red badge got crowded out by justine or american psycho . this is a book for people who like to read about books in snappy reviews , and look at color pictures of books . you 'll find some titles worth pursuing , but you could do better , for starters , just by getting a list of cliff 's notes titles and going on from there . you can do that for free
the editors ' review would lead you to believe this is an unbiased , thorough and scholarly examination of cultural anthropology . it is not . there is subtle age , gender , cultural and religious bias . although it is a thorough look at various cultures , it is by no means comprehensive or accurate . it is inaccurate in highlighted descriptions of minor aspects of native american culture , especially of the eastern band of the cherokee nation . it seems to imply western european cultures and various organized religions are the greatest evil on the planet . the portrayal of some cultures , such as the malaysian , pacific island , and a few of the african bushmen cultures , are very nice but that is the only redeeming quality of this text . real scholars should avoid this text at all costs
i had to buy this book for a class ; if you 're interested in a historical perspective on instructional technology , you might find this interesting . i did n't
this is the song that i keep singing to myself every time i buy another falkner record ( exceptions being the holiday single , & the sub pop set ) , or any other offering of any kind from any member involved with the best band of the <NUM> 's ( jellyfish ) . and i did n't discover them post break-up , oh no .... i was in the fanclub and wore the advance copy of bellybutton ( vinyl , yo ! ! ) out on my college radio shift ! i was also in the redd kross fanclub and consider them higher than the jellies ... yeah , i said it . so , you can bet that i had a raging `` you-know-what '' in my pants for this record ! ? ! ? import price and a long wait from japan later , and i am once again ... let down . it has been painfully obvious for a while where the magic dust came from within jellyfish , and this is another testament to andy sturmer 's greatness . i know , they were n't trying to make a jellyfish album , but the songwriting here does n't hold the slightest flicker to say , even a beatnick beatch tune . if the new cars had hired faulkner ( who rhymes as bad as ace frehley in spots ) , instead of rundgren , and they went with the songwriting of 'door to door ' , this would be very close . this goes beyond `` having a retro sound '' and straight into justin timberlake trying to have a retro sound . better yet , if you actually enjoyed any of duran duran 's last two records , then this will knock your socks off .... in fact , send me $ <NUM> and you can have this copy . production quality and my sincere love for the past with these three guys , keeps me from comitting this review to one star
wow . i was shocked . legitimate statements of liberal christianity include ones like , 'transubstantiation is mistaken ' , 'the vatican does not have a direct pipeline to god ' , 'homosexuality is not a sin ' , 'condoms and birth control are morally defensible ' , not 'jesus never performed miracles ' , 'the trinity does not exist ' , 'jesus is not the son of god . ' it is disingenuous for spong to assert he is a christian when he disavows all the major tenets of the religion - virgin birth , miracles , incarnation , atonement , resurrection , ascension , the trinity , and the deity of jesus . he believes less in a religion per se and more in a code of ethical conduct like , say , confucianism , and the `` patronizing nonsense '' ( a la c.s . lewis ) that jesus was simply a great moral teacher . he even says on page <NUM> , `` ... a religionless christianity must be born . '' religionless christianty ? ! that 's a contradiction in terms . mr. spong sounds like an ethicist , not a religionist . he also owes saint paul an apology for rumor-mongering when the man has long been absent and not around to defend himself . i do admit though , i liked a lot his discourse on the plight of women and mens ' subconscious fear of them . i also liked his observations on homosexuality . what he had to say about judas was also interesting ( but misleading as it is based solely on his own suppositions , not evidence ) . the section on anti-semitism was informative but that whole subject has always struck me as odd to begin with , i.e. , that a christian could hate or resent a jew . very odd . i 'm sure we 've all noticed that bible-interpetation discussions are on the same road as capital punishment , birth control , gun control , and abortion : i 'm right and you 're wrong avenue . especially with bible interpretation , words and phraseology are open to diverse translations , and theologians themselves disagree . oh , and here 's my two cents on the council of nicea . of course the christian theologians had to discuss christian doctrine and record it for posterity . of course christianity had to be , dare i say , 'corporatized ' in a way . how can the word spread without an efficient distribution channel ? the remarkable thing is that it did not happen much sooner . you see now , though , how it is very easy for anyone with an advanced intellect ( such as spong ) to take the very ( true ) words i have just said in this paragraph and make it sound convincingly like , `` you see ! .. he admits it .. corporatized ! .. distribution channels ! .. surely there was wheeling and dealing ... these people were not serious ... blah blah blah . '' i offer one piece of advice . however , i admit i base this advice on my belief that : <NUM> ) an all-loving god exists , <NUM> ) the gospels are historically accurate , <NUM> ) jesus is the incarnated son of god and <NUM> ) the bible is divinely inspired . whenever a bible passage irks you , enrages you , or just generally creates any type of irritation in you , remember that you are the one thinking about it . and you 're not god .
you shipped it to the wrong address and i never received it ! ! !
having followed the mrs. murphy mysteries over the years , i am sorry to say that this volume leaves me wanting ... wanting a good mystery ! ms brown seems to have dipped into a formula method for compiling her books . what started the series as bright , witty and compelling , now lacks style , substance and charm . the animals have become more vocal and unbelievable with each new volume and the sidebars into instructional content and social commentary are too distracting . perhaps it 's time to put mrs. murphy and friends away for a bit until a real plot surfaces
yaaaaaaaawwwwwwnnn ! do n't even bother buying and listening to this cd . every song on here lacks emotion , meaningful lyrics , and any type of memorable melody . standards are set so low that any untalented fool can get a record deal , sample to their hearts content , and win a grammy . skip this and get stevie wonders greatest hits collection
where the heck is sniff n ' the tears ' `` driver 's seat '' in this soundtrack . it plays at a definite changing point in the movie where floyd comes to tell jack that he needs to switch to video instead of film . it 's a travesty that this song was n't included . but a good soundtrack nonetheles
i 've wanted to see i am curious - yellow for what , <NUM> years now ? it made headlines back in the <NUM> 's when it was banned for having too much sex . now i wonder what all the fuss was about . there was a little bit of sex , a little bit of nudity - but only slightly more than janet jackson at the super bowl . only the government could get worked up over this movie . the other <NUM> % of the movie had to do with commentary on excessive militarism ( this movie was made during the vietnam era - the <NUM> 's version of iraq ) , western support for spanish dictator franco , and social justice in sweden . it might have been relevant at the time - and a small portion of it still is - but many of the ideas shown then seem quaint today . the movie ( as well as the blue version ) might be good for historical purposes , but it just does n't seem entertaining these days . i would have enjoyed it more in <NUM> .
this was a medieval project in my 7th grade humanities class the summary : catherine called birdy was a conflict type book . it was mostly about her pig head of a father trying to sell her to the richest man . if you like the way it sounds now you should look for a copy . it is quite interesting and has a lot of conflict in the book . a phew funny things were when catherine caught some objects on fire ! rating : i rated my book <NUM> stars because it was kind of boring . why is because all the book was really about was catherine 's father trying to sell off to the richest man . when i did like it was when she tried to get out of each man . who this book would be suited for : i would recommend this book to someone who really likes conflict books in the medieval times . also is if you are interested in action books .
having a novel 's narrator turn out to be the killer is a fairly common staple in the mystery and suspense genre . when this plot device is done well , the reader is pleasantly shocked by the twist , not left wondering what the hell happened . when the twist works best , the author has n't actually lied to the reader , but carefully choosen his or her words to create false assumptions . when the twist comes , the reader experiences a ` light bulb moment ' , realizing they were duped , but that they should have seen it coming . in beach road the ending does n't make much sense , and the reader ends up feeling betrayed when the twist is revealed . beach road features multiple first person narratives and includes a preface that warns the reader that some narrators may be lying . my question to mr. patterson is : if one of the characters lies to the reader for the first  of the novel , why do they start telling the truth near the end ? why not lie all the way through ( or tell the truth right from the beginning ) ? i think it would have been much more interesting if the character 's lies were exposed , not by their own confession , but through the observations of other characters . of course the unlikely twist is only one of the problems with this novel . my other major gripe is that so much of it does n't make sense . for example , the elusive and ruthless drug dealer known only as loco turns out to be a character that everyone in town knows . somehow loco and the killer maintain a drug dealing operation in a small community without anyone knowing . this is ridiculous . drug dealers need to be known and they need to be easy to find . how else do people buy drugs from them ? it 's ridiculous to think that they could become major drug dealers in this small community without anyone knowing , even with silly nicknames . second case in point : the killer dispatches a number of people with ruthless efficiency by putting bullets through their brains , yet inexplicably tries to kill the only person who knows their secret by shooting them at close range in the abdomen . they do n't notice the absence of blood , and do n't check to make sure the shot was fatal . it does n't make sense . patterson churns out novels faster than nora roberts these days and apparently is n't worried about quality . beach road is fast paced but the gaps in logic and far fetched ending make this a patterson novel to avoid .
having not seen the orginal rudolph tv show in a very long time i forgot what the story line was ... remember that in this version of the story the snowman eats reindeers and apparently elves or anything else that would be upsetting to a child . there are a couple of scary illustrations in this book . my <NUM> year old was in love with the rudolph movie but once he saw this book he refused to ever have anything to do with rudolph again because he said he `` did n't like the scary snowman '' . yes , i know it 's a classic , but be warned
this is one of my favorite comedies . it 's not for everyone , as you must understand martin 's unique style of humor . that having been said , the dvd is awful . the transfer is decent , although could have been cleaned up more . luckily , it 's at least anamorphic widescreen . the sound , while hardly sounding like 5.1 , still sounds decent , as i doubt surround sound was on the mind of film makers in <NUM> . seriously , it 's not star wars . extras ? fugetaboudit ! no commentary . no making-of . no interviews . just one delected scene , trailer , and a dumb ukelele lesson . the worst part ! there are scenes missing ! perhaps this version of the film is exactly as it was released in the theaters , but i 'm too young to know . however , every time i 've seen it on television , there were scenes not present in this release ... such as the several different people requesting donations from the rich navin johnson . in this , you only get the mexican priest . where 's the guy who needs new seat covers on his plane ? that scene was classic ! you know , this is the second release of this film on dvd , and they call it an `` anniversary edition . '' if they 're going to give it a name like that , they could at least include the cut of the movie with extra scenes added back in . maybe the commentary and a simple 15-minute making-of is asking too much , but at least give us the material that 's already in the can
unfortunately i had already ordered these dvd 's before i logged onto the bar method website , on the site there are news clips posted from old interviews etc . i read one interview where she was being interviewed at her studio and the reporter was being givin a lesson via a tv segment all about her method . when asked if this was all burr did to keep in shape , she replied `` pretty much '' sounded like a vague answer to me , the interviewer asked again later in the segment , so , this is all you need to stay in shape , , once again she answered pretty much , seems to me if you were excited to share your program and sell it , you would say , im in great shape and this is all i do ! i have tired it once and you definately feel it the next day , so we will see . yvonne
this bible is not the true god 's word . it has been changed too much . i believe that the kjv is the true bible . god died for our sins . he shed his blood so that we might have everlasting life - but , only if we belive . this bible is written to make you feel good about yourself . all we are sinners destined for hell and damnation . god was not brought into this world just to make us feel good about ourselves but to make us feel a need to repent from our sin . we can not get to heaven in eternity unless we believe in the lord jesus christ
the movie is great , but the used dvd is garbage . the dvd skips and stutters . i feel like i got taken to he cleaners
the first song is great , but after that the album just doesnot compare to the first one . sorry i bought it . too much screaming for me .
glenn frey is to don henley what motorbikes are to fish
theres ups and downs in this movie . to me mostly downs . when i first seen it in theaters i loved it . so when i got the dvd , iloved it.3 months pass i get sick of it . for <NUM> reasons first the picture looked blury even on dvd . second iz the actin iz the same . third just lookin at dmx abusing <NUM> women by getting them addicted to coke and heroin . and him abusing his own son , what is wrong with that man . i think this movie make x alot crazyer.i would n't reccommend this movie for relegous people , hell no ! ! ! ! if you worship the devil andu want to die , and like looking at people being killed , then it 's strongly reccommended <NUM> u
i have been so underwhelmed by this tepid album since it came out , but i thought i 'd give it a little time to do a little aural sneak-attack and start to `` grow on me '' . no such luck . this release is so thoroughly forgettable that after the few times i 've listened to it , paying strict attention and trying hard to feel something ( in a feeble attempt to assuage my self-inflicted guilt for shelling out hard-earned dough for this ... ummm .... music ) , i ca n't say i remember a single passage or sentence from this bland offering . and what i 'm comparing it to is the sheer brilliance of previous recordings , emotionally supercharged songs like `` carry the zero '' or `` kicked it in the sun '' that really affected me profoundly the first coupla times i heard them and have stuck with me for years . all i can sense here is the grayness of a group of musicians who do n't even really have the energy ( or sense ) to coast on the punch their early outings conjured up so deftly . even the obligatory neil young ( a true creaky old dude if their ever was one ) noodling is so embarrassingly derivative and uninspired you just wan na pat these guys on their sweatered backs and guide them to a comfy chair . i 'm giving this one a one star not in comparison with other bands but compared to what built to spill used to be capable of . maybe it 's the fame , maybe it 's the fortune , but this is a band that has truly lost its teeth . pray god they score some dentures before they muster the energy to inflict more sonic gummings on their hapless fanbase .....
if there ever was a movie more hyped in <NUM> it was `` history of violence '' on critics top ten list , everyone was talking about the performances of viggo and maria and ed , so i went into it with high expectations . honestly it was n't horrible , but it was n't worth all the worship that the hollywood community and critics heaped upon it either . the story of a humble family man in a small town who thwarts two cold blood murderers , only to be visited afterwards by his past in the shape of ed harris , who in my opinion had the best performance overall . ed ( mr. fogarty ) is in the mob and seems to think that viggo ( tom ) is joey cusack a former mobster who went missing after killing his friends and wounding his eye and now he wants revenge . tom , and his wife edie ( played by maria bello ) have two children , a farmhouse , and a diner and tom insist that he is n't joey . the story goes on , dragging and dragging with tiny spots of violence and sex . maria bello has never been one of my favorite actresses , i think her acting ability is a natural as her blonde hair ( evidence is in the movie ) she brings the level of believability down and makes viggo 's performance seem like he is trying to make up for her lack of talent . we soon figure out that tom is indeed joey and after we say goodbye to ed harris 's character ( of which i was just disappointed to see , c'mon he was awesome ! ) tom/joey goes to see his brother , richie ( william hurt ) to make amends for disappearing , and soon realizes that richie wants him dead . so more killing , more blood , and tom/joey is finally free of his past , if his family would take him back . of course they do , really , his redemption is yawn worthy set around a dinner table ( his daughter sets a place for him ... ) and the movie is over . there was no aha moment , the action was n't anything new , the story was predictable and the setting was `` been there done that '' . viggo is an amazing actor , and if there had been a better script he might have come across as more tortured and the tom/joey duality could have come off as truly horrific to change back into , the shift of reality was barely noticeable . maria bello , needs to stop being cast in these dramatic roles where she is some tough , sexy , stringy haired ball breaker who is kinda motherly , it does n't work for her , she can not pull it off . so i do n't recommend this movie , its slow , its disappointing and its not all it was cracked up to be
we rec 'd the splash dvd and were quite a way into viewing it when it just went digital garbage -- all our other dvd 's seem to work alright and we have a laser disk cleaner and try to run it through regularly -- i already threw away the container -- we will run the cleaner thru again and see if it clears up the problem - this is the first time we 've bought a dvd that had a problem - we 've always been very satisfied with the amazon service -- and products as well . thanks for asking pgammon
there 's nothing outrageous about the title song - it 's a lame , mind-numbing piece of crap compared to many other songs found on the `` in the zone '' album : imagine `` breathe on me '' , `` touch of my hand '' or `` shadow '' on constant radio play or running on mtv . and no , we 're not apparently going to have that because britney 's precious time was wasted in incorporating this bore of a song into a single and even attempting a video out of it , like we know ended up in britney 's injury . for nothing . fortunately for this single , it 's got the already legendary `` toxic '' and a marvelous vocal mix version of `` everytime '' - another star for that .
when brian goes to his first race in the eclipse there is a song that starts `` tell me whats the secret im missing and im .... '' i would really appreciate it if someone could tell me the name of the song and the artist . thanks .
just rented this dvd and was quite surprised . normally , i 'm a big george clooney and matt damon fan . however , in this film , their talents were underutilized and did not make up for the poor script , editing , and direction which made this film quite dull to watch . while the idea behind the movie is good , it could have been more entertaing , dramatic , or suspensful . as another reviewer remarked , i was quite tempted to shut it off after <NUM> minutes and watch something else . but , i did suffer through to the end , where the film just sort of ends and leaves viewers hanging ..
you 'd think that after releasing <NUM> albums , these guys would have honed their craft . sadly , this album is their worst release . seems they tried to strip the sound back a bit on this album , fewer guitar overdubs being the obvious change . this album sounds a bit empty to me , i preferred the fuller sound of their earlier releases . the first <NUM> albums are great . being a fan of nuno bettencourt , i 'd also recommend the first mourning widows album ( the second one is not quite as good )
the first <NUM> minutes of this movie are great . rick is cute and funny as his character is locked out of his dressing room and mobbed by adoring fans . the concert scenes are terrific and having seen rick in concert many times i enjoyed them very much . unfortunately , after the requisite `` beefcake shot '' of rick , the plot of the movie slides downhill into bad soap opera land . rick can act and i have seen him give some amazing performances . that said , this movie does n't show his skills in the best light . mostly because the writing is horrid but also because his co-star ( janet eiber ) is not much of an actress . rick does his best , but he 's left hanging by a bad script and a lame director . now , if you 're looking for some great rick springfield tunes , then this movie wo n't disappoint you in that respect . the soundtrack should have won a grammy . there are fantastic songs from rick ( one of my personal favorites `` stand up '' is fun and energetic and the hit `` love somebody '' is terrific concert footage ) , and other very good artists contribute including peter gabriel . my advice is skip the dvd and buy the soundtrack on cd . a much better investment
white lion were just a rip off of van halen , except vh were better . i ca n't believe some of these reviews , i have listened to this album intensely , the guitar player was copying eddie vh not only on his tapping , but wangy bar and riff building . the songs make you wan na heave , & quot ; little fighter & quot ; , & quot ; when the children cry & quot ; and & quot ; love do n't come easy & quot ; , this was just a sad attempt at trying to cash in with the glam rock chart material of the time , but they failed . if this is the best of , then i 'd hate to imagaine what the worst of sounds like , cause it must be diabolical
hate to admit it but this just is n't very good . been a fan since 'slowhand ' so i 've been frequently disappointed and underwhelmed by clapton , but this is just amazing . this has everything going for it but it just does n't come together . the featured review by 'woomer ' mirrors my feelings that nothing since 'from the cradle ' has been worthwhile barring 'riding with the king ' and that was helped immensely by king himself . toss this onto the heap along with 'reptile ' and 'pilgrim '
when used in the music industry , the term rebirth would indicate erasing the slate and starting anew , and presenting yourself as something different . perhaps jennifer lopez thought of this knowing that her singing career was in decline , and opted to give her fourth album the title rebirth . is there any legitimate sign of a rebirth on this album , you ask ? a few songs in , and the answer is clearly no . the songs are still built on synthetic arrangements with synths and samples where real instruments could be , the lyrics are still some of the most shallow you 'll ever hear , lopez still is n't doing much in the way of writing , and her thin voice still sounds the same way it did on her first album . you would think by now that with all the time that lopez has spent as a recording artist that some aspects of her output would have improved , but that is not the case . if the lopez faithful ( who made her first two albums multi-platinum hits ) need any proof how weak her voice is , listen to some of the songs here , including the single `` get right '' - she talks her way through a lot of these tracks . that 's right , not singing or rapping , but talking . you have to hear them to know what i mean . did you ever stop to think that she does n't perform live because she ca n't sing a note in tune ? one thing i 'll give her credit for is that at least she is n't taking advantage of her fans by performing `` live '' concerts while miming the whole thing ( like those hacks britney spears and hilary duff ) . the material is so weak that it 's little wonder why her fan base has eroded as of late , despite her high profile . in summary : not being true to its title , rebirth is instead a continuation of the weak bubblegum pop and lite r & b sounds that we 've come to expect from jennifer lopez . in short , expect more studio-enhanced singing , more synthetic music and more lyrics so weak that even black eyed peas would have rejected them . you can definitely do better than this album - just do n't expect to hear it on the `` hit music '' station
rodney dangerfield is supposedly becoming mormon ( church of jesus christ ) but this movie did n't get any fact right . the church is never mentioned by name for a reason . polygamy . look like amish . a collection plate ? this movie stinks and i 'm very offended
i only hope this does n't signify the end of his career . any time an artist begins consistently collaborating with `` friends '' , it signals the end of a career . look at santana . the guy ca n't make a solo album anymore . this is what happened to john lee hooker . musically , this albums lacks the care clapton used to give his music . he used to be a careful , calculated musician who knew how to rock . just bear this in mind if you buy the album . you may want to enjoy this cd with a 6-pack of ensure while wearing your favorite pair of depends . and a members only jacket . clapton just does n't know what he wants on this album . blues ? jazz ? easy listening ? ho-down appalachian stomp ? hee haw ? crooner ? eric , make up your mind . then give us a cd worth a listen
remember the days when we were punks and we 'd gather 'round the phonograph and listen to some puccini on the old edison cylinders ? they held up to <NUM> minutes of music ! count 'em , <NUM> minutes ! then that hippie opera singer enrico caruso came along and all the young punks would listen to him , including myself . he was quite the singer . when i was a young kid though , the only form of music we had were the concerts . i remember seeing franz liszt play the piano in concert , quite an amazing virtuoso , and johann strauss jr. conducting his orchestra , those were the days . then they came out with those things called grammophones , which were even more modern , if it was even possible . but it was , because then they came out with a new modified version of the phonograph that all the young punks would listen to , lazy kids . i mean , you did n't even have to crank a handle like you had to with grammophones . and what 's this , <NUM> hour , a full <NUM> minutes of music , on <NUM> record ? pshaw ! <NUM> minutes of music was all i needed , and i was still pooped out even after that . in my day , it was bed at <NUM> p.m. , breakfast at <NUM> a.m. , then off to the mines . we did n't have <NUM> minutes of free time . i have no idea what form of music they have now . appearently , they came out with a couple other things after the phonograph . now all i see these days are kids with their fancy eye-pods ( ? ) and mp3 , mp4 players , whatever they 're called , listening to that `` hip-hop '' tomfoolery of theirs . you ca n't even call it music , it 's just noise . well , got ta get ready for bed now , it 's almost 3:45
amazon 's editorial review declares that it 's pointless to argue the appropriateness of harpsichord music on modern piano . okay ... de gustibus non disputandum . rather than argue , may i suggest that you listen to the same music as played by trevor pinnock on harpsichord . even more aptly , you might listen to gould 's goldberg variations in comparison to pinnock or bob van asperen on harpsichord . and if it turns out that you enjoy both , then you are a lucky listener
this was a film i was anticipating becuase of the actors doing the voice over and the special effects . as far as animated features go this was the biggest dissappointment . the acting was good but robin williams did not receive as much screen time as ewen mcgreagor which meant it wasant as funny as it could have been . but the major problem was the story . yes , it did have a good moral but the rest of the films story was weak , boring at times and just silly . i would recommend ice age or garfiled : the movie rather than this film
this dvd is very cheesy and i am sorry i bought it .
a wasted effort from one on the most perceptive minds alive . he dropped his past standards on this book . only the gems of wisdom about human nature gives it value . an unknown author would have had this book rejected , or at least criticized . i agree with the following observations taken from other reviewers : `` the story was all over the place and the ending far from satisfying . '' `` the first hundred or so pages move at a glacial pace , and the author 's disjointed manner of storytelling soon becomes confusing and annoying . '' `` far too much of the book took place in flashback ... vacillating from vague self-pity to vague longing to vague regret and back ... of the three pivotal characters , two are presented almost entirely in flashback . '' `` too dense and slow moving ... even though the language is always wondrous . '' `` ... novel seems dark and pointless . '' `` numbing dive into the depths of one man 's self-absorption left me gasping for air . '' if you are new to le carre , read his earlier works first or you may never read them after this work
to all who have read this malarkey , and for those who intend to , i have a suggestion . first , read all the articles by tim callahan of skeptic magazine . he is an authentic scholar who specializes in debunking revisionism and bigotry . since he like mr. cahill is irish the 3-5 star reviewers will not be able to condemn him for being anti-irish . he makes certain , unlike cahill that he has a mountain of proof-evidence to verify his thesis . i was so impressed with his methods that it truly surprised me that some people actually fell for this book . in fact he used every point that the 1-2 star reviewers mentioned , and more . i agree with him that the entire `` hinges of history series '' largely lacks any in depth research . the first <NUM> chapters of this book is devoted to rehashing what most of us learned in grade school . the next <NUM> chapters are clearly the authors reinterpretations of the period . the rest of the book felt padded . what does plato have to do with the title , or premise ? where are the footnotes and sources ? that makes everything dubious at best . also , cahill did make archie bunker type remarks about other groups that have no place in our society , except in a very tasteless jokebook . read callahan first , or in place of this rusty fiction .
why did i buy this ? i guess it seemed like an interesting idea from looking through it at a bookstore . when i checked on line , it sounded interesting . boy , was i wrong . i think i finished it . pointless . i did n't care for any of the characters
jim messina has played in a some great bands . he played in the buffalo springfield , a group of young legends . he also played in poco , probably the most under-appreciated and under-rated band of the era . with these credentials , you can put messina 's name up there with the likes of stills , furay , young , nash , crosby , frey and browne . then he teams up with kenny loggins , and things get bad . i picked up this album , expecting greatness from these two , and i simply did n't find it . what i found was two decent tunes surrounded by silly and annoying pop . most songs on here have simple lyrics , and are over-produced . i do like two songs on here . `` till the ends meet '' is a nice , easy tune , and loggins sounds very nice on this one . the other song i like is `` angry eyes . '' the intro is very cool , and the singing interplay between loggins and messina is fun and interesting here . the main point here is that this album does not live up to expectation in the least . there 's no folk , no country rock , no free and easy feeling to this one . this is blatant pop-music . if you like bouncy pop , this might be for you . if you 're looking for anything like poco or buffalo springfield , you will experience a huge bummer .
i am an honestly big fan of beyonce . i have both of her cds and have always loved destiny 's child . i even love her new song `` beautiful liar '' . but i think that it is illogical for her to re-release this album , escpecially since releasing it in april defeats the purpose of naming the album `` bday '' because her birthday is in september . but still , i ca n't help but love her new song . and i think that she did a great job with shakira . it is an unlikely collabo between two of the most successful artists of the decade , which makes it a great song . but shakira totally steals the spotlight with her stronger voice . i think this track should belong to shakira and she could use it as one of her tracks for her next album
this is a completely ridiculous and unrealistic movie . josie , at <NUM> , is still not over the fact that she was unpopular in high school , and whines for the entire movie . it 's unclear why any one likes her , espesially her teacher . it 's also hard to get over the fact that the teacher , beleiving that she is in high school , makes no attempt to hide his feelings . the final scenes tie nothing together and the issue of her betrail is not delt with . never been kissed is n't good as a silly unbeleivable comedy ; it 's both painful to watch and devoid of any redeaming qualities in its content
it 's nice to see that some listeners are passionate about this album . 'sulk ' was recommended to me by a internet friend that turned me on to modern eon ( fantastic ) - i took a chance thinking i had missed another fantastic <NUM> 's band - well .... in this case , i did n't ..... this is typical and easy to forget ( thank heaven ) sickly sweet and drippy <NUM> 's synth pop . this is n't synth pop like later new order , ultravox , ministry 's first album or even the naked eyes or tears for fears .... this is synth pop like something in the background of a low budget <NUM> 's teen sex comedy 'new wave ' bar scene .... - i will say it 's a hair better then anything wang chung ever did but only because the singing is so over the top that i actually was cracking up a couple of times with the vocal embellishments and pretention ....
my fellow reviewers have one of two things happening : ( <NUM> ) they received different discs than i , or ( <NUM> ) they have been smoking some very serious stuff . the average review is five stars ? i can give it only one which is a major disappointment ! why ? although the title of the cd is accurate , the quality of the disk is perfectly terrible . a number of tracks reproduce horribly and no . <NUM> ( there i go ) is particularly bad . one wonders why the folks that make thse recordings ca n't take the time to make certain that the customer gets a decent recording for his or her money . if original master recordings need to be cleaned up in order to give the listener a fair shake then this needs to be done . this is a perfectly wonderful assortment of vaughn monroe 's recordings . it is a perfectly terrible recording of them
this is a review of the dvd , not the world series . please save your comments re the series for the sports blogs . in this day and age , for major league baseball to produce a non-anamorphic dvd is absolutely pathetic . this dvd was made for a widescreen tv ( 16:9 ratio ) , but can not take advantage of it , because it is non-anamorphic , meaning it will not take up the full widescreen . it has black bars on all four sides . they may as well have made it full screen instead , with a 4:3 ratio . also , in its rush to make a lot of money by getting the dvd out quickly , they decided not to include footage from the season , to show nothing of the tigers ' play-off run , and to provide mostly filler with worthless interviews from players . ( `` gee , was it exciting to be out on the mound ! '' ) i am an avid cardinals fan , but this dvd was not worth the $ 14.99 i paid for it . major league baseball , as usual , cheats its fans . another lesson they fail to learn from pro football
this was so long and drawn out . it took over <NUM> hours for this film to lay out what any crime show could have done on tv in an hour , including all the commercials . there were so many scenes that just went on and on - that 's what they make dvds for : to cut out long useless scenes to add to the `` deleted scenes '' special edition , so people who actually liked the movie can watch more of it , haha . acting was n't even very good and not always very believable . just cheesy . save yourselves <NUM> hours of your life . also , i have no idea why one reviewer thought there was no sex . though it really was n't as violent as most movies , still it 's no family movie
i ca n't believe how many great reviews this horrible film got . the acting is laughable as is the writing . there are also many mistakes and inaccuracies ! they depict the heroes as perfection and the enemy as monkeys . real life is n't like that . i guess just because this movie is pro-war people automatically back it up . but this is the worst movie i have ever seen .
woww oh yea um no talent . not fun to listen to , way to much unneccessary screaming . nothing goes well with anything . this is the only screamo band tht can give me a headache .. sorry . the only ok song is to the readers . all the other ones are repetitive and just are not goo
i saw the show on stage . i saw most of the original productions that are reprised in this . unfortunately , this is ann reinking 's version of bob fosse . reinking is a great performer who was considered the quintessential fosse dancer of the <NUM> 's and <NUM> 's created this tribute . the difference is ann reinking has taken the fosse style and utilized this to create a style of her own . as a tribute to fosse this is inaccurate . therefore , for fosse aficiandos this is not an acurate recreation but an interpretation of his works . also , there is a too big reliance on his concept musical `` dancin ' '' . the one good thing in this is the addition of another fosse creation ben vereen . he shows why he can still pack a house . my suggestion is to rent fosse films like sweet charity and all that jazz . you 'll get to see the real fosse
what a disappointment . watching matthau and lemmon struggle so hard to make this clanker enjoyable was nothing less than depressing . part of the enjoyment of the first odd couple was the clash of personalities between felix 's anal retentive , obsessive/compulsion and oscar 's boorish impatience . this film hardly touches upon that struggle and , instead , becomes a watered-down version of one of the grumpy old men movies . in fact , this movie seems like a compilation of other neil simon movies . when felix and oscar get lost in the californian desert , it 's `` the out of towners '' , except in reverse . when oscar 's son gets cold feet on his wedding day and camps out on the roof , it 's like `` plaza suite . '' also the use of the f-word and of middle fingers just makes the movie seem all that much more desperate for laughs . lastly , the florida/california milieu is just inappropriate for these two neurotic but iconic new yorkers
me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater . i ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull . after about a half hour my friend , who tends to be more `` progressive '' than i , actually suggested we leave . it was the first time either of us have ever left while the movie was playing . ever ! perhaps i 'm biased . however i highly recommend that no one get this movie . the only reason i can think that anyone would give it a good rating is because of its political slant . i tend to lean to the right , but even i was entertained by v for vendetta , despite it being blatant liberal propaganda . if you are going to pontificate about how we conservatives are evil , at least make it interesting
overall i found the season to be a big bore . i am not a hugh fan and season <NUM> was pretty good but not great but i had to watch this season and will continue to watch the other season 's . the season started good but went downhill fast becouse nothing happend you can miss all season adn it will be right were you left off . there are good moments like the last few episodes were really good . overall not a great second season
let me start off by saying that i am a fan of operatic metal . i love therion , theatre of tragedy , tristiana , lacuna coil , nightwish , all of the bands that any self respecting music fan should listen to . however , i should have seen this one coming . i must say , witohut a frickin doubt , this is the cheesiest album that i have ever had the displeasure of listening to . i shelled out <NUM> bucks for this album and i wish that i saved my money and bought a knife and stabbed myself in the frickin eardrums , and then bought a bucket of sulfuric acid and drowned myself in it . the band overall has good musicianship , ( and their singer is hot ) , yet they write sub par music with cheesy medieval themes . the band has potential , and it might help if the f * * * in music video was n't a sing along with the words at the bottom of the screen . please , if you are considering purchasing this album , dont make the same mistake i did , and buy therion 's lemuria/sirius b . trust me , you 'll be glad you shelled out the extra <NUM> clams
im a regular reader of forbes magazine , and theres nothing i love more then reading about inspirational stories of entrepreneurs , businessmen , tycoons etc so i picked up this book thinking its by `` forbes '' so it must have some great stories . i also rely on amazon.com reviews for my purchases , so everything i say is from the bottom of my heart ... but im sorry you would not believe how boring this book actually turned out to be . the writing style of daniel gross , is well `` grossly boring '' , unispirational , unmoving and generally a waste of your money and time . as far as im concerned : this book will not inspire you , it will not motivate you , it wont even make you appreciate the great accomplishments of the very people it writes about . it is a diservice to the personalities it talks about , and is a diservice to forbes . very disapointed , im just hoping to flog it for whatever i can get . finally i would advise anyone who is genuinely interested in the personalities this book writes about to do a google search and read about them from there , because you will probably learn and appreciate more that way .
i 'm surprised this travesty is still in print . & quot ; not in mcluhan 's style & quot ; is a kind understatement ; powers demonstrates flagrant misunderstanding and confusion of basic mcluhanesque ideas . try 'laws of media ' or 'understanding electric language ' instead
i saw the & quot ; young & quot ; part . i even saw the & quot ; black & quot ; part . but & quot ; gifted & quot ; ? my god ! this was such a waste of time in my busy life . i ca n't believe i was subjected to read such boring nonsense . if you 're thinking of reading this book , do not . you would have more fun being dead
i do n't know what i was expecting from hubert sumlin . surely not a rehash of some old muddy waters ' and willie dixon chestnuts that were done correctly the first time with muddy 's voice and band . this album was a big dud . sumlin takes the songs and tries to sing them and tries to make his band sound as if they were recording in the same style and sound as chess studio in the <NUM> 's and <NUM> 's . unfortunatley muddy had a better voice and so does willie dixon for that matter . all the session men sound like add-ons to the old band , not muscicians who can bring their own style and verve to this thing . pretty weak effort by all , unless sumlin is himself to blame , as a control freak who did not have the vision to see what he was creating , something that had already been created <NUM> years before . one redeeming quality of this cd is the final cut , an acoustic number that sounds as if some originality had been finally injected into the session . sumlin is in need of an editor , or at least a confidant , who could have helped him with a better song selection or at least a better and more original way of handling these tunes .
williams uses big words ( fractals , chaos , quantum mechanics ) to impress the reader , but says nothing meaningful.i found this book a waste of time and mone
... because i thought white oleandar was brilliant . but this book ? not so much . i would not be surprised if paint it black were something fitch wrote before she got her bestseller published . it felt much less fully realized . i found the text to be sprawling , unedited , self-indulgent . i generally have no problem with unreliable and/or unlikable narrators , but this one was more tiring than she was menacing . the whole book was written in one note , so i , too , agree with the `` flat '' description . i found the characters ( the distant , brilliant , rich mother ; the sassy best friend ; the beautiful , troubled boyfriend ) to be very stock and borderline cliche . i absolutely savored every word of fitch 's first book ; reading this one , unfortunately , was like returning to a restaurant where you 'd had the most amazing creme brulee of your life , only to find it cold and runny the second time you ordered it .
this cd is maaad weak . the beats are wack , the lyrics are wack and c.b . is just swinging on eightball and mjg 's fame to get his cd out . by this time this is an oldie but it is as bad today as the day it was released . i would sell mine if i could find anyone to take it
i agree this is not up to par with joe 's best stuff from the 60s and early 70s , but given that , they even left off his best song from this period , & quot ; love is alive. & quot ; that song really rocks and it is not here . shame
i agree , if you do n't want to waste postage mailing this cd set back do n't waste your time . was n't even the original songs you would normally hear on the oldies radio stations
so bad that i will just say this , read the book night shift and find out what this movie should of and could of been ! ! ! skip this mess !
this was a complete waste . walken is good , but god what a waste ! i never finished strieber 's first book which had intrigued me . but in succeeding books , he does nothing to prove anything . he gives a tale of experience that borders on religion . this horrible , suspenseless , and cheap film gives nothing to redeem strieber nor his story as an unfunny joke . maybe i should n't be so harsh on it . after all i 'm not a ufo reasercher or whatnot . but i 'm still human . i still have opinions . and my opinion of this is , yuck
a friend of mine told me that this was a great cd . now i do like they might be giants but this is crude compaired to flood or lincon . which were much better only about <NUM> song are any good . skip this one and get floo
i agree with the two other negative reviews here and am surprised there are n't more dissenting opinions . this movie made me feel embarrassed for the people in it . the topic would seem to have a lot of potential but the folks who are featured are repulsive and there is not enough in-depth exploration of the art to make it interesting . the story rambled , and the americans ( yes , that includes paul pena ) behaved so awkwardly it was painful to watch . there was just a low-level vulgar tone throughout the whole movie . in many scenes , paul totes a beer and looks like an indigent . he comes across as pathetic , socially tone deaf , and totally unworthy of his own talent . mario was a boor - always coming up with something obnoxious , loud , and totally irrelevant to say . ( why the hell he was invited on the trip is a mystery . ) the filmakers did a poor job of setting up the story and getting me to care about it or anyone in it . do n't bother with this one .
yet another shakespeare adaptation ... but with an epic appeal-to-the-mass-audience cop out . romeo must kiss juliet . oh no , interracial sexuality ... too risky . a truly disappointing strategic decision on the part of the producers
when purchasing audiobooks , i normally follow a simple but very effective rule : never , never , never buy an audiobook read by the author . even if the author is a talented writer , he/she is invariably a terrible narrator . always look for audiobooks performed by experienced readers , as in bryson 's own `` notes from a small island '' and `` a walk in the woods '' , read by ron mclarty . in bryson 's case i made a rare exception when i listened to `` in a sunburned country '' - the audio version had received reasonable reviews and his performance was indeed adequately entertaining . for this reason i assumed that `` neither here nor there '' would be equally enjoyable . i was wrong . bryson 's deadpan monologue makes it sound as though he was bored out of his mind while reading this book . passages that may have seemed amusing in the written version are herein delivered in a sleep-inducing monotone . the sardonically comedic talent he displayed in his reading of `` in a sunburned country '' is totally lacking . i would recommend this audiobook only as a cure for insomnia
this is pure drivel ! ! ! ! ! clearly there was some kind of argument behind this film ; like the director wasnt given enough money to make it , so he thought , you know what , im going to spite the film company by making a hideousely awful film , that 'll show them.the & quot ; plot & quot ; , if i can re-tell it without vomiting , is thus : a plane is struck by lightning , and kills all the pilots .............. i kind of lost what was going on after that ...... the ending , if there actually was one , was that whatever predicament they were in , they got out of.where can i begin ? ? ? ? ? clearly no one involved with this project has any knowledge of basic physics , as they 'd have pointed out that this isnt possible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! im a little bit rusty on my physics , but isnt it called a faraday coil ? ? ? if not then forgive me , my minds a little indestinct , but the main point is a bolt of lightning wont pass through a plane . & quot ; what about the glass , it passed through the glass window ! ! ! & quot ; you bark smugly , well thick glass used for this wouldnt allow electric current to pass through it.think about it people , you ever been hit by lightning indoors ? ? have you ever heard of this happening in real life before ? ? no , because it cant ! ! ! ! ! ! well done , you 're learning.anyway , enough of the banter , the film struggles from then on in.for some bizzare reason the plane operated by a laptop , the cable ( ? ? ! ! ) for which has broken.it only works by some guy holding it with venom.factor into this some wierd pregnant woman type nonsense , some shouting passengers/helpful people arguing rubbish , a hint of romance between a & quot ; criminal & quot ; and a & quot ; female human being & quot ; , and you have this godawful tripe of a film.some wonderfully hilarious moments.guy says & quot ; i skipped bail & quot ; , & quot ; are you a criminal ? & quot ; she asks ! ! ! ! ! ! well of course he is you stupid fool , he just told you ! ! ! ! any time there was & quot ; turbulence & quot ; the camera was wobbled about a bit , and the & quot ; actors & quot ; moved around unconvincingly.the terrible news report segments , where hilarity prevailed every time.the bit when the dog jumped out the car , that was brilliant ! ! ! ! he pushed it over a bit then it was half dead ... then later he gave the oxygen mask , great ! ! ! ! ! all the scenes involving the radar room , they were something else ! ! ! ! the ending also , the rubbish cgi aeroplane , what a laugh ! ! ! ! i could go on and on and on , pointing out rubbish but funny things about this film , but i think ive said enough.in short , dont come to watch this if you want a coherent engaging film.but if you enjoy laughing through mind-bogglingly bad trash , then this is definately for you ! ! ! ! i laughed nearly all the way through it , so at least it was entertaining.1 out of <NUM>
after hearing some decent things about this book , i was surprised at just how uninteresting and often offensive of a read it turned out to be . marlowe is accurate in some of her depictions of heroin use in the east village of new york and way off base in others . i chalk this up to everyone 's experiences being different ( however , i certainly do n't think a one-bag-a-day habit with weeks off in between makes her an authority on addiction by any stretch of the imagination ) . what i do n't understand is why she felt the need to go into such great detail about her rather boring life between her discussions of the dope world . most of her anecdotes had little to no bearing on the story she was trying to tell and were mind-numbingly dull . i found her narrative to be very disjointed and incoherent . but what i found most repugnant was her better-than-thou attitude towards those of a lower class or darker skin tone ( e.g . assuming dark-skinned men who did n't think to aspire to become more than security guards must not have gotten support or affirmation in their homes growing up , like she did ) . she herself says that she became interested in street-life and street people in order to increase her `` coolness '' factor . sure she dabbled in drug use and in the east village culture , but that does not make her an authority , and she does not paint a very true portrait of either . if you want a good portrayal of street life and heroin use from the inside , read seth morgan 's homeboy . if you want elitist drivel , this book should do the trick
wow e ! must have the best editors in the world ! i must have really forgotten what the show was like , but i do remember liking it . however the dvd version is soo slow and there are many , many scenes where no one has anything to say to each other . not the fun show i remember at all . bobby trendy is actually the funny one here . anna is beautiful and fun and howard is like the guy you ca n't stand but ca n't get rid of . is he really an attorney ? wo
having read all these reviews presently on line , it was not hard to find a fair number with which i can agree that this is an abysmal film , even despite the surprisingly impressive physical production values , in the attention to detail that was taken to recreate the physical appearance of the death camp at auschwitz-birkenau . too bad a director with a script telling the truth about the place was n't there on the set with film and crew to take advantage of it . many an astutely observed fault has come to be mentioned in a good number of these reviews , as per the really tacky concept of the screenplay itself , the almost adolescent quality to the writer/director 's touch ; the lack of content in dialogue , the resulting shallowness of characterization for the actors ' roles . all of that was well observed , and yet what amounts to the worst fault of all remains without mention , the one thing i had hoped to find which would have obviated any necessity of adding one more , regrettably lengthy review to a long list of them . okay , so , am i the only one among the whole lot of us here who comes into it sickened by the violent vandalism that has been wreaked upon the historical record of the actual event by this writer/director ? artistic license is one thing but willful distortion of the public knowledge to a purpose of questionable motivation is quite another . if a viewer of this film is familiar with only so much as what can be learned about the revolt of october <NUM> , <NUM> from the official website of the auschwitz museum at auschwitz ( see the article `` resistance movement at kl auschwitz-berkenau '' , a pdf file ) , then one fundamental fact will be known : that the only non-jewish poles who were in any way associated with the sonderkommando , were there exclusively in the capacity of kapos , not as crematorium workers ; they were the head-bashing s.s. appointed guards ( often imported from polish prisons ) whose duties consisted strictly in serving as foreman and cop , to keep the death machine running smoothly and well greased on the blood of jewish worker and jewish victim , alike . well might one inquire into exactly what is being served by tim blake nelson 's intent of assigning every sympathetic role in his script to either a gentile pole or the nazi ss -- oberscharfuhrer ( keitel ) who has to stay drunk to do what the jews are doing comparatively sober ? so you have these purely mythical gentile polish workers of the sonderkommando who are by far , moral superiors to the jews ( typified by the buscemi character ) who soon reveal themselves to be everything that the keitel character in his jew-hatred , only lately gained , has to say of them . and what had this ss-oberscharfuhrer eric muhsfeldt to say , but such things as would be based on strict observation , since having seen now how low a jew can really go , doing to their fellow jews , what they would so totally not want done unto them . yet what the harvey keitel character does n't observe , and what tim blake allen 's script does not observe is that these jews under his whip and gun ( and/or typewriter ) are doing only the same as this oberscharfuhrer is doing under nowhere near the force of coercion ; not to the jews alone , but as the ss enforcement arm of the gestapo , to any decent or dissident german , to the whole world , as a cog in the wheel of the greater reich 's death machine . and so the keitel character fancies himself to be shocked to learn that jews , just like any german such as himself , can knuckle under and bow , tremble in fear under the marching boots of tyranny , to the surrender of every shred of human decency for sake of howling `` sieg heil ! '' safely going with the flow of society ; how shocked he pretends himself to be to discover that jews are no better than he , that given the worst of circumstances , they like he should become killers , money-grubbing wheeler-dealers showing themselves to be by turns , brutal or calculating murderers -- traitors to their own kind . but this is not , alas , what is to be gleaned from the script of tim blake nelson 's filthy little movie . quite to the contrary , if a person is not aware of what actually did occur , historically , as from a book like filip muller 's `` eyewitness auschwitz : three years in the gas chambers '' , then you well might wind up pinning five amazon stars on the guy with the thought well implanted , most subliminally , in mind that ss-oberscharfuhrer eric muhsfeldt did n't really have it all so wrong , after all . it 's not hard to be tricked . see the fathers and mothers , brothers and sisters of mozart , goethe and schiller , circa <NUM> .
the restoration of a vivaldi opera must be a commendable effort specially if filling in big voids and rebuilding major missing parts of the masterpiece . motezuma is such an example where ample musical and artistic license was taken to bring it to life . like restoring a canvas where not only the colors and forms had faded but also sizeable parts were ripped off and lost , reconstructing motezuma presents the challenge for the restorer of thinking and dreaming , and becoming as inspired as vivaldi . in listening to motezuma , one can pick up the original vivaldian compositions from the reconstructed material as clear as looking at a combination painting part picasso part michelangelo . as much as such painting can be taxing to the eye , portions of this opera can be as disappointing to the ear . except for several arias and the two sinfonias , the music has a touch and taste of the <NUM> 's , but not of the baroque settecento . the juxtaposition of the restorative style is also distractive , and just does not work . it makes at times the orchestration devoid of the vivaldi unf , charm , and texture . nonetheless , motezuma 's musical beauty can be found in great arias such as d'ira e furor armato , la figlia lo sposo , gl'otraggi della sorte , d'ove la figlia ? , s'impugni la spada , and performances by vito priante , inga kalna , and marijana mijanovic . bravo for vito priante and his interpretation of gi'otraggi della sorte , and d'ove la figlia . he does a great ornamentation in the da capos , and turns up the volume in all the right notes . just like `` terribile lo sento '' , and `` orribile lo scempio '' , `` gi'otraggi '' shares the same musicalization . somehow , this version of the score is especially more dramatic and subtlely more melodic .
spare yourself this experience ! much as i adore gilbert & sullivan , and could even tolerate the hollywood squares quiz show once upon a time , i ca n't figure out why anyone thought peter marshall would be able to contribute to a g & s production . and sure enough , he could n't . in fact , his presence is one of the many downfalls of this production , which include mediocre choreography , a poorly designed set , unconvincing personalities , and some truly bizarre camera work . it 's difficult to even sit through this embarrassing production once . you 'll be better off catching a local amateur production .
`` my chain '' is the worst song i have heard in a few years ... go get nas `` hip hop is dead '' instead of this garbage .
`` chopping mall '' is styled like an 80s slasher , but is in fact , not a horror movie . in actuality , what you get with this movie is more science fiction/action with some cheesey comedy as well . simply put , `` chopping mall '' does n't work as a horror movie because the killers are machines and therefore the element of evil is completely lacking which is not conduicive to a pure horror movie . in fact , one could argue that this movie is more or less like `` maximum overdrive '' or maybe even `` runaway '' ( in a sense ) , only not as good because those movies , while technically implausible , actually made some sense theoretically speaking , unlike this most unfortunate piece of rubbish known as `` chopping mall '' . i do not recommend `` chopping mall '' if you are looking for a horror movie or an 80s slasher flick as the movie is in all fairness a dark yet `` total farce '' . instead , i would recommend `` he knows you 're alone '' as probably the best of the relatively unknown 80s slasher/horror movies
there is a case for decrepit cinematic 'crud ' being universal . this is it . get ozu 's & quot ; tokyo story & quot ; instead ( out on criterion ) . that is a piece of timeless lyrical cinema . this film merely confirms that risque cinema quickly loses its potency ( losing it in favour of a ephemeral revolutionary stance ) . a waste
the blu-ray disc is supposed to have <NUM> times more memory than standard dvd . so why ca n't they release all the special features ( and more if possible ) that the standard dvd has ? i do n't know if it 's a product , copyright , or money issue , but this has n't yet happened on hd dvd . the standard dvd of this movie has full-length audio commentary , <NUM> minutes of extended fight sequences with optional commentary , a behind-the-scenes documentary , a storyboard-to-film comparison , and a sneak peek at the making of the second `` transporter . '' none of that is on this blu-ray . so if you 're a real movie buff and like special features , get the standard dvd of this movie
i was hoping that `` socermania '' would be on the `` extreme sports fun '' dvd but no ! instead disney had to put on all of the same cartoons that were released on the `` disney treasures '' this also goes for the other two dvd 's extreme music and adventure fun , allthough 'pluto 's blue note ' , 'donald 's dilemma ' 'no sail ' 'old sequoia ' and 'trailer horn ' are on dvd for the first time but with the new disney treasures `` disney rarities '' and `` the chronological donald volume <NUM> '' ( which might i add could use a lot of improvment on the restoration ) who needs these dvds , so i suggest not to buy these cheap dvd 's and buy the treasures in spite of the bad restoration
i started reading 'the no.1 ladies detective agency ' but could never really get into it . i liked the idea of this book however so decided to give the author another go . sadly , although the book has some funny moments ( bertie 's tantrums ! ) it never really gripped me . i love scotland but am not familar enough with the places and slang terms so felt i missed out on the 'insider ' comments . the book also has a very poor ending which leaves lots of loose ends and you end up thinking 'hold on what happened to .. ? ' and 'what was the point of ? ' . on the whole it is ok and i imagine if you are familar with edinburgh you would enjoy it more than i did
the writing needs some work . this album probably wo n't see significant rotation in my playlist
daz nigga daz & kurupt the kingpin are clearly gone . when you hear quality material like `` dogg food '' and then switch to this `` saga '' cd ... one has to wonder where the effort went ? it 's always a treat to see daz and kurupt together doing stuff . they 've accomplished a bit on solo projects and dualing on other albums . but this one was a rush-to-the-studio . daz- has he changed this much ? his talent levels have kept him bringing stylish beats in the past- very jazzy , funky with many instruments felt . that 's all gone now ..... now it 's bass , bass , bass with lost chorus direction and no style . daz 's delivery is n't even what it use to be . the pitch is very high all the time , even if the production does n't call for it . kurupt back in the studio on this one is nice . but we get a lost focus with so many destractions . and what 's clearly missing is the other lineups- no soopafly , snoop , nate , mr. malik , bad azz ... so forth . i know , i know that dpgc album is coming out to reveal that all . well daz & kurupt should 've waited instead of damaging their album archive . album had a couple of nice ones . overall , not at the level of their capability ..
the problem with this cd is that it is not all that good . other than that , it is fine
this is the most pointless show ever . seeing baby 's fart and dogs biting crotches and people degrading themselves by making themselves look like complete dumbasses is funny ? have the brains of america been this simplified ? this is a show that belongs on mtv- it has all of the traits an mtv show has : it 's pointless , it 's pointless , umm ... it 's pointless ... and , well , it 's pointless ! if you wan t a show with humor ( not to steal anything from danny ) , watch the simpson- the funniest show ever along with family guy . why would anyone want to watch a show about people acting like complete idiots ? mtv rocks , maybe .
aside from the song , `` brother '' , this cd is not worth your money . i 'm not attacking these guys on a personal level , but anyone that appreciates music will see this cd has no flow . it sounds as if a few guys got together and created some decent riffs and then hastily hired a singer to apply lyrics so they could pump the thing out . the result is just as i said ; a few good bass and guitar riffs and lyrics with religious overtones and no feel to the whole thing . there is nothing clever or conceptual about their music . nothing lasting or memorable . nothing worth your hard earned $ . if this band has as much talent as the reviews that i read here all seem to say , where is the 2nd release ? there wo n't be one
i would love to see the cast of this movie dressed up as hot dogs and thrown into a cage with star jones and marv albert . ( ...
it simply did n't work for me.if you are beginner , you need more than this little book.the screenwriter bible by david trottier is the one.do not expect to write any good stories in <NUM> days.stop dreaming and start writing.this book is kind of hard to read so if it 's for beginner , it is just done to to make your learning more difficult than anything else . forget it and follow my advice above
what i have come to expect of rhino is thoroughness , and this cd certainly is not thorough , although what is here is of course done very well . where are the hits half the way , why have you left the one you left me for , etc ? i think this could have been a great collection if made longer , or possibly even a two cd set , although maybe they figured nobody would spring for that ...... too bad , it remains a & quot ; couldve been great & quot ; .....
i was very disappointed in this cd . i like her and have been a fan for years . i think the piano accompaniment did n't do her justice either . i listened to half and could n't be bothered to finish the rest . i was so disappointed , especially since i had read such good reviews of it
walter mosley is normally a detective writer , known for his easy rawlins stories . blue light is a diversion into a genre that would fall somewhere between science fiction and new age . various people in northern california are zapped with a blue light that makes them weird . according to the book 's cover flap , the light brings out the potential of any person it strikes . however in the book it simply magnifies their existing personality . a smart girl becomes really smart , a young girl with quick reflexes becomes something of a ninja , and a promiscuous wife becomes a sex goddess . mr mosley is a talented writer . his prose and some of his action sequences makes this book readable . unfortunately there 's little balance between good and evil , which is problematic since the whole second half of the book is one long buildup of suspense towards a final apocalyptic encounter . even more unfortunate is the fact the long awaited encounter is tedious and uninteresting . there 's a few great and captivating scenes in this book , but otherwise extremely little to recommend itself
wow ! ! ! this is a horrible album . i really enjoyed comin ' from where i 'm from , so i expected good things from this one right here . wrong . on the title track anthony hamilton comes with some potentially positive socially-conscience lyrics , then he starts talking about praying . of course mythological-minded cult people are n't worried , they think mythical magical people will come out of the sky and fix everything if they just stay on their knees . the four subsequent songs are full on jesus songs . people want warning labels for albums they deem to be offensive for whatever reason , but they need some kind of cult warning . i would not have purchased this cd had i known it was on some cult mess . in `` preacher 's daughter '' he even says `` a preacher 's daugher so she had common sense . '' i 'm not sure if that 's supposed to be a joke , but common sense should tell one magic people do n't live in the clouds . then `` pass me over '' reminds me of the that two-part skit on ice cube 's lethal injection where the cat is just sitting there waiting for jesus and gives ice cube all his stuff , 'cause he thinks jesus will give him new stuff . but anthony hamilton tries to make it sound like a positive thing to just sit there and wait for mythology to become reality . if people think this type of behavior is a real solution to one 's personal problems or the worlds problems then i , for one , am very worried about our future , or probable complete lack there of . that 's a very dangerous mind state . `` sista big bones '' is a good song , but it 's not worth purchasing this
i am a huge argento fan , but come on folks ... this movie just stinks . there 's more corn in this flick than the state of kansas . the single entertainment value this film holds is that it provides a medium for a group of drunken men or women to polk fun at something . there are maybe one or two admirable scenes in which argento 's uncanny editing and camera work shine . otherwise its a feast for the idiots ; green blood , bad make-up and all . definately not one to purchase for the collection
ju-on the grudge is about a horrific murder that develops an un-rested spirit which rages in a small suburban house in japan . the movie constructs itself similar to a puzzled storyline as the movie developed through numerous storylines of the varying characters . for the most part , viewers can easily be confused in the flick , or bored , as it may seem a bit redundant . i thought the movie was well written and interesting in theory . in practice , the movie felt never-ending , and as it drew to a close , i felt betrayed . the movie was unfulfilled , as it never really explained a lot of questions i held at the end . one question that leaves me wondering is questioning whether it is a japanese custom to enter a house when no one answers . for those interested in asian horror , try tale of two sisters . this korean film has great cinematography and story line . it will leave you on edge and taken back at its close .
i can see the excitement , people get out of a gorefest but this is too much . all taboos have been broken there is nothing left . johnny cash should come back and torment the makers of this film for misusing one of cash 's songs . he would never have approved of this film . letting a newborn baby be come a zombie is beyond bad taste . johnny 's horsemen should trample the makers of this film into grimy puddles of gore
terrible direction , terrible writing , it almost feels like the director did n't know what he was working with . although this movie wanted to be in the same race and quality of the movie clue , it fails to realize that the plot and characters are incredibly riculous and not funny ha ha but funny stupid . it was a total watse of good celluloid
the other reviewers will tell you about the book . i 've read most of preston and child 's works , including the other two books in this trilogy , and they are a good read . what gets very old and nauseating is the continual saps to modern feminism . i guess it 's a necessity to get published today , but you 'd think that at least some male authors would get tired of grovelling just to get published . i guess most people will sell their souls for money . just about all the men in p and l 's books are either wimps , effiminate , weak , bumbling , stupid ( or liars or murderers ) , cry-babies , scared of their own shadows , and thoroughly unlikable ( even pendergast has his moments ) . the women , of course , are , without exception , tough , brilliant , shrewd , fearless , always right , on the rise to the top , always outsmarting the men , able to knock out a <NUM> foot , <NUM> pound man with a single karate chop to the neck ( forgive the slight hyperbole ) , totally unfeminine , and just as unlikeable as the men . the stories are very good ; it 's unfortunate preston and child could n't have come up with better , more realisticly human , less insulting characters . this slop may play in new york and california , but in texas we still want our men to be men and our women to be women . so this is just a warning . if you 're a man -- and those of you who are know what i mean -- you 'll get sick of the characters in these books .
i traded my girlfriend my nickelback cd for joss stone . now i kinda wished i had kept my nickelback cd . she hates the nickelback cd and i hate the joss stone cd , but she also hates the joss stone cd . if i kinda liked the nickelback cd better i would of kept it because i kinda knew i was n't going to be into the joss stone cd . but i just kind of figured the joss stone cd would be a little bit better than the nickelback cd and my girlfriend was completely thinking that the nickelback cd was gon na be a lot better than the joss stone cd , but man was she let down completely . and for as much as i really do n't want the nickelback cd back at this point i just assume let her keep it and i 'll get by with the joss stone cd . i mean i guess what i am trying to say is that i sorta liked the nickleback cd in the beginning , but once my girlfriend said she hated it i figured i got the better end of the bargain by trading her for the joss stone cd which at first seemed like a much better cd to have than nickelback . i think my girlfriend wants to trade back again and if we do then i guess i just have to live with the nickelback cd , but i 'll prolly never play it again if she gives it back to me . bleh ! ! matthew
i was disappointed in this book . i had started getting these books on cd from the library amd thoroughly enjoyed the first few i listened to . i enjoy the author 's picturesque , almost poetic , descriptions of things . those descriptions were still there , but they did not connect well . the mystery of the person murdered becomes an incidental by-line , not really crucial to the other goings-on in the story . there is no expanation to why the return of the turkeys is of any significance and what do the cats ' being able to communicate with them have to do with anything in the story line . i felt very let down at the end of this audio book
well in my opinion , there is no longer any doubt that some things appear to be flying in our skies , and some people have had some unusual experiences ( mostly disturbing , but some apparrently enlightening ) , but the question is , is it all as it seems ? the fact of the matter is , various military branches from around the globe have real hardware that could easily fool us . holographic projections can and are used to place images within our skys ( this is related to controversial theories surrounding the <NUM> events ) ; there are devices that can manipulate brain waves and neuronal excitation to have people hallucinate any scenario ; advanced , drug manipulated hypnotic techniques can control memories and behaviour ; implants have been around for decades and have even gone mainstream now ( verichip ) . i 'm not saying that other lifeforms do n't exist in the universe ( far from it ) , and perhaps there are a number of entities here on earth carrying out agendas , but this idea that there are little , menacing greys abducting us for various sinister reasons without immense collusion seems suspect . it smells of classic fear mongering that the elite love to push on us . historically , there 's been the barbarians , huns , mongols , pagans , jews , christians , vikings , black natives , cannabals , red natives , mexicans , germans , nazis , communists , now the arabs and the next logical conclusion is some evil force off planet because they have used all the boogey men on earth . even president reagan set us up for this scenario in an infamous speech in the late <NUM> 's . the fact is that with known technology ( not including whatever they may have that has not been leaked ) , they could quite easily pull the hoax off . even genetic manipulation and cloning is much further advanced and practiced ( albeit `` underground '' ) than most people can fathom . what has become another fact is the major extent to which the ufo community has been infiltrated and compromised , of which strieber has been front and centre at various times . my belief is that strieber is part of this fear mongering campaign , sponsored by the elite and carried out by various military and government groups . in this book , his `` hard-evidence '' is flimsey and suspicious . for example , why would n't super advanced aliens using implants design them such that they are entirely organic and of shapes that mimic human tissue ( thus not showing up on any x-ray , mri , ct , etc ) ? and design them such that they quickly break down when removed from the body ? surely , this would be child 's play for alien scientists ? why no major discussion or mention of the human military , or nazi connection with abductions ? there seems to be a growing number of victims who are recalling strange `` fragments '' of memories that are slipping through various memory covers . why are they mentioning cooperation of human doctors and nurses with the greys ? why are they mentioning swastikas and other known military insignias on uniforms ? why are some speaking english , others german ? why is there a connection with deep , underground bases and specifically antartica ? these are things strieber never mentions , which i find curious . my point is , things are happening , but it has become nearly impossible to ascertain what , and strieber 's books seem to cloud the issues and possibly even advance certain agendas .
i do n't consider myself a hardocre <NUM> cent fan , but i went out and bought this after getting a preview of it in an issue of xxl . it was n't all that entertaining . the documentary does n't really tell the people anything that we do n't already know . we 've seen all these videos before , but the video for & quot ; heat & quot ; is straight wack . the street version of that video is much better and somewhat funny . the show in detroit is n't entertaining at all unless you just get a kick out of <NUM> people on stage chanting the words right along with <NUM> while making it impossible to understand a word that 's being said . the sessions @ aol are straight pointless and why did we need an <NUM> mile dvd trailer ? the dvd borders on corny , but the cd is n't that bad . these are all songs that most diehard fans have already heard on his underground bootlegs , but i had not been able to find the & quot ; <NUM> mile road ( g unit remix ) & quot ; ever since i lost my underground cd . lloyd banks kills that track and that song is now contained on this cd / dvd release . if you 're a young buck fan , you should know that he 's nowhere to be found on this release . overall , the new breed is n't completely terrible , but it loses its novelty after one or two uses . the three songs on the cd are decent , but you probably have them already . i would only reccomend this to the die hard <NUM> cent / g unit fans
this book is incredible ! this author `` poo-poos '' any idea of conspiracy as if it 's in our deep inner mind . just notice he equates it with `` paranoid '' . does he think bin laden and his gang `` conspired '' ? well if you read one of mr . pipes other books , he certainly believes that , so i guess we can say he 's paranoid . conspiracies most likely are natural and normal , an abscence of conspiracy would be contrary to how individuals , nations and institutions work . mr . pipes ought to know that well . he 's a member of the council on foreign relations , an organization which was founded by j.p. morgan and has ties to the federal reserve bank , which is a private bank : not federal but a cabal of private bankers serving their own best interests . you ca n't join the cfr on your own -- you must be invited ! it 's a club of the elite , by the elite for the elite . every high ranking member of the bush admin is cfr : hayden , bush , cheney , rice , rumsfeld , powell , paulson , snow , etc , etc , also so is ms. clinton and many other ruling democrats . is this a coincidence , hardly ! compare mr . pipes book to tim carney 's `` the big ripoff '' , recently hosted on cspan book reviews and available on amzaon . tim gets close to the target by seeing the symptoms . mr . pipes writing of this book is highly suspect . one has to question his motives . it 's like the big bad wolf writing a book : how to raise chickens in a hen house and keep them safe . you would be better reading g. edward griffin 's book : creature from jekyll island-a second look at the federal reserve .
ms. headley really does seem to be just thrilled with herself . that 's fine , but i was far too bored with her life to want to keep reading
if you want to watch a mad max movie , buy the original because that 's the only one that 's worth it . this was a joke , plain and simple . infact , it couls possibly be the worst film i 've ever had the displeasure to see . the whole 'futuristic ' setting is flawed with cheap and badly made costumes , make up and props such as swords and blades which look plastic . it was obviously made on a show-string budget . the filming and direction is nothing special , the script is terrible and the fight scenes are laughable beyond belief . it certainly appears that no proper training or rehersal went into any of it . and the plot is boring , and the whole film drags on and on ....
every one is obbsessed with `` hips do n't lie '' . do n't they relize that the songs horrible . well , so is every other track on this album . save your money to waste on something that is atleast some what decent
there have been far too many sequels to too many original films that were much more stellar . `` the legend of zorro '' , unfortunately , is another . whereas the <NUM> original was more along the lines of a blockbuster , this <NUM> sequel has proven to be lackluster . antonio banderas , as alejandro de la vega , has taken his late father-in-law 's name , and is now more at ease in his role as a nobleman of mid-19th-century california . he is still donning the mask and making sojourns to help the oppressed and dispossessed of the region . but he now has a wife and child to consider and the tensions between the swashbuckler and his equally daring young wife , elena ( catherine zeta-jones ) mount when she begins to fear for the safety of their son , joaquin . as joaquin , adrian alonso reveals that the genes for the spunk and cunning of the de la vegas have not worn thin as he defies authority to help defeat the villians of the film . at intervals , the family become the 19th century 's precursor to the animated incredibles with the skills and technology available to them . as another reviewer noted , the story loses its credibility when elena and alejandro divorce due to her concerns for her son 's safety . this would have been extremely rare in the 19th century , and unheard of in a catholic country at that time . elena reunites with a former acquaintance she met during her years in spain , a french nobleman named armand ( a piercing-eyed , striking rufus sewell ) in whose house she and her son become guests , and whom elena finds to have sinister designs on california , not unlike the abductor she had believed to be her father for many years . the `` zorro '' franchise recycles tony amendola as a priest trying to teach students such as joaquin , whereas he had been a devious henchman to don rafael in the <NUM> film , and lets us glimpse mary crosby , a quarter century after the height of her popularity , in a non-speaking role as a governor 's wife , reassuring us that there are no small roles , only small actors . while it has a few impressive moments , the script is a tired rehash of the original theme , and the outcome is predictable , literally hinging on the ability to get on the right track . young adrian alonso appears to have a bright future ahead of him , and i hope that antonio and catherine enjoyed their onscreen reunion . but generally , it simply does not have the sizzle of its <NUM> predecessor , and there was a lot of time and money that could have been better spent
timeline is equivalent to a <NUM> cent taco . it 's an indulgent bit of junk food . timeline starts with a hillerman-esque scientist turning up in the middle of new mexico - an intriguing idea , but goes to the land of mediocracy right after that filled with cartoon characters . there are so many preposterous story elements that it 's just really difficult to take seriously . the story is ever-predictable and ludicrous . but , a <NUM> cent taco is worth the effort if you 're real hungry . go back and read andromeda strain .
this is a very misleading book . there were many points that i would criticize , but it would take an entire book to do that . so i 'll pick out three important issues and focus on those . issue one : welfare and out of wedlock childbirths one example is the effect of welfare on out of wedlock childbirths . on page <NUM> iceland criticizes the theory that welfare payments are responsible for increased rates of out of wedlock childbirths . iceland points to the fact that inflation-adjusted welfare payments have declined , whereas out of wedlock childbirths have increased . but single mothers are available for other assistance programs such as food stamps , public housing , and medicaid . when the full package of benefits is included , the total aid available to single mothers has kept up with inflation . on page <NUM> iceland cites robert moffit 's <NUM> research showing that welfare has only caused a slight increase in out of wedlock childbirths . but after other researchers such as mark rosenzweig and the economists jeff grogger and stephen bronars found a large connection , moffit reexamined the issue . his more thorough methodology and found that welfare did cause a significant increase in out of wedlock childbirths . moffit reported this in <NUM> . why did iceland mention his <NUM> research but not his <NUM> research ? issue two : the color of poverty one problem is that iceland documents the fact that poverty statistics show that most of the poor are white . on page <NUM> he criticizes the fact that most media reports tend to show pictures of blacks when discussing poverty , thus creating a false perception . but as iceland discusses , most poverty is short term , usually from a divorce , a death , or a lost job . on page <NUM> he mentions that black children make up a majority of the long term poor . i would submit that when people think about poverty they think about long term poverty , not brief poverty spells . like it or not , americans have to grapple with the fact that entrenched , generational poverty is disproportionately black . issue three : cause of poverty the biggest problem with the book is its analysis of the cause of poverty . it concludes that out of wedlock childbirths are a minor cause relative to the inequality embedded in a free market , capitalist society . but the way it reaches that conclusion is through a statistical analysis in which possible causes are each treated as independent variables to see which explains the greatest amount of poverty . but supporters of the theory that poverty is caused by out of wedlock childbirths do not blame the out of wedlock birth in itself . after all , college educated single mothers show that an out of wedlock childbirth is not necessarily a ticket to poverty . the problem is the lost opportunity in terms of the chance of graduating high school and college . page <NUM> of the bipartisan policy book 'the new world of welfare ' documents the fact that while most out of wedlock childbirths happen to women in their <NUM> 's , half of all * first * out of wedlock childbirths happen to women in their teens ( fortunately this is on the decline ) . this is early enough to interfere with the mother 's education , and makes it much more likely that she will drop out , or not go to college . the lesson is that the other factors that cause poverty , such as education , are dependent upon family breakdown . they are not independent variables , and any statistical analysis that treats them as though they were independent will come up with flawed results . there is another problem . even if iceland is correct that out of wedlock childbirths do not cause poverty , the research of sara mclanahan and gary sandefur in their landmark book 'growing up with a single parent ' documents the fact that children of single mothers are more likely to drop out of school , abuse drugs , suffer from depression or low self-esteem , have lower lifetime earnings , and are more likely to have out of wedlock children themselves . furthermore , only about half of this gap can be attributed to poverty itself . fatherlessness is an independent contributing factor . i would instead recommend that interested readers check out 'the new world of welfare ' edited by rebecca blanks and ron haskins . it is a bipartisan collection of essays on welfare and poverty representing the left and right . it is interesting that none of the `` liberal '' contributors disagreed with the `` conservative '' claim that family breakdown is an important cause of poverty . and on the other side , none of the `` conservatives '' disagreed with the liberal claim that although welfare reform has been successful , there have been some women who are worse off . the liberal theory could be put this way : `` family breakdown is an important cause of poverty , but we need to find a way to both provide aid * and * fix the family . '' the only differences are on policy prescriptions , not analysis . it is a refreshing bit of consensus in an otherwise acrimonious debate . i would also recommend 'civil rights ' by thomas sowell and 'the marriage problem ' by james wilson
initially , i was excited to pick up a collection of short stories by straub . but , this has got to be my least favorite of all of straub 's work . every story seems disjointed an incomplete . i never got a full sense of what happened by the time i finished each story . i kept reading the book , however , in hopes of finding a gem . i came close with & quot ; mrs. god & quot ; , but again felt let down on the outcome . each story is too much buildup and not enough delivery . i was glad to finish this book and put it back on the shelf . despite the positive reviews , i was not impressed
susan ward , coming out of daytime and primetime soaps on tv , gave movie acting a try with this rather lame picture from aol films . director mary lambert tries and fails to give us a basic instinct story with zero script and while this was a studio pictures , it looks like warners gave them a fairly low budget to work with . as the lack of film sets show . if you like susan ward , then give this a movie a try , if you want to hope that she gets better film roles in the future , don '' t find it here
where 's the screenplay to this ? dad goes over some pretty annoying eye candy of giants midgets and a huge fish without any real alligorical content and that about it folks , trashy staff . the big promise of some sort of father son relationship forming is again apparently absent . thumbs down of jessica lange , a great actress i ve see on stage a couple of times who goes completely wasted here ( i do n't think she mutters anything in excess of a couple of lines frankly ) as a cartoon wife character . tim 's aiming to be the next ed wood possibly with this one , but , and i never thought i d say this , ed wood at least had some workable screenplay . just plain trash
after a semester using the text i have come to the conclusion that the authors , brehm , kassin , and fein , leave more questions then answers and that their sub-par sense of humor is more then just a waste of money . after reading certain sections i get the feeling that the authors do not clearly understand the issue at hand , but rather throw <NUM> different research studies at the topic covering their uncertainty and topping it off with a dire attempt at a joke leaving the reader completely ambiguous
i had such high hopes for this album before it was showed up . her previous releases with union station were artistic wonders - brilliant musicianship and thoughtful lyrics that required repeated listening to fully understand the complex relationships and stories that were presented . i could n't wait to hear what they had been cooking up . unfortunately , they did n't do any cooking on this album and i sincerely hope this is an aberration . i want to assume that someone simply gave her some bad advice or pushed her ( i like to think kicking and screaming ) to release some pabulum and make a quick buck . until i hear differently , i 'll continue to hold out hope that she 's in the recording studio with union station working on another wonderful album . the song writing here does n't hold a candle to `` new favorite '' and `` lonely runs both ways '' and the performances themselves are pleasant enough ( upon repeated listening , about four of the songs on `` miles '' are keepers ) but they are not the excellent work that i have associated with her in the past . alison has the capability to sing the most beautiful , clear tone and only occasionally ( to good effect ) let a breathy tone in . `` hundred miles '' reverses this trend as she over-uses a breathy tone and in doing so lowers herself into the sea of mediocre , but pleasant singers that she previously soared above . her song choices ( please tell me that someone else chose this mess of tunes for this album ) are an embarrassment . boring tunes , with silly or depressing themes ( the body count on this album is very high - by the end , multiple children and adults have committed suicide , been killed , or otherwise died ) and on many of the songs , i found myself glancing down at the time elapsed on my car 's cd player as the music droned on and on ( well into <NUM> minutes on too many ) . the best song ? `` down to the river to pray '' - recorded years ago before the bad influences who produced this sorry lot got to her . the worst ? probably `` missing you '' which is such a shock to the ears when the drums and electric guitar start pounding at the beginning of the track that i had to check the player to make sure i had n't accidently hit a button somewhere and jumped to a top <NUM> radio station . what on earth prompted her to record ( and then release ) such a sell-out ? alison - the lure of popularity is not worth it . please stay true to your artistic roots and never again make this deal with the devil . p.s . what are people thinking to make a song like `` whiskey lullaby '' such a big hit ? i agree that the singing is wonderful and i love both of their voices and the tune itself . but it 's all wiped out by the stupid lyrics . why do n't these two people pick up the phone and call each other ? what version of what religion has angels singing whiskey lullabies ? who writes the words `` put the bottle to her head and pulled the trigger ? '' i am drawn in when she sings ( in previous albums ) `` let me touch you for a while '' or `` when you cross over there 's no turning back once that burning bridge is gone . '' that 's poetry . this is sad , silly junk .
i cant say i especially like any of the songs on this album . all of them are incredibly repetitive . if you like aphex 's repetitive stuff , buy it , otherwise buy one of his better albums , like richard d. james or drukq
if i could have given this book no stars i would have . it was a complete waste of money and time . ms. bacall comes across as a sour , shrewish old woman . i do n't know why actors think their political opinions are the ones we should all have . her disdain for her fellow americans and our president lost her this former fan . i 've read my last book by bacall
bottom line ... <NUM> . if you liked gore , you will love it and visa versa . <NUM> . it is one-sided , plain and simple . <NUM> . nobody considers the poor inept voter who failed to comprehend a simple ballot , or the responsibility of a voter to unsterstand at least enough english to distinguish `` gore from bush '' . democrats wanted quantity , and the lack of quality also extended into the indecisive and ambiguous recount procedures that hundreds of lawyers just could n't get right .
the supplier { digital eyes } told it was available any more & they where going to tell amazon to give me cridit for the above item , but i have not heard anything from you ; can we resolve this matter asap , thank you , to
i am a ry cooder fan , and this is not his best . i was quite dismayed and it is one of the c.d 's i never listen to . if you are looking for good ry cooder , this is not the one to buy
choose your attitude , play , make their day and be present . there i saved you the <NUM> hours it takes to read this book
this band has is associated with sunncomm . sunncomm protects the content on a cd so it can not be copied . do not support bands that support unlawful survillveillance
the puzzles are great and a lot of fun for my two-year old . she loves anything 'princessy ' so the princesses were a big selling point . however , after she did each puzzle a couple of times , the pieces did n't stay in the book . when we 'd flip the page , all the pieces from that page would fall out . we ended up taking all the pieces out and putting them in a container , which is not the point of the book at all ! at least the backs of the pieces are colored specifically for one puzzle in the book , and my daughter gets practice at sorting her colors for half an hour before we can play with her puzzles .
wow ! what a horrible album ! its tracks are filled with a bunch of predictable outcomes and very cheesy vocals . the only two tunes that i have found to be interesting were eleven and sydney . eleven is actually my favourite tune . gabriel & dresden had the potential as they made some quality productions - although most of them were a bit too commercial , but still quility - throughout years 2002-2004 . then they released the awesome , their best in my opinion , track arcadia . after the release of arcadia , i just thought it could n't get better than this - an awsome production without any of that cheesiness that you would find in their earlier works . but the reality was that from that point on it just went downhill for these two . and this album just proves it . all of these tracks are well done and finished , but too finished and too uncreative . it actually did n't surprise me after hearing their essential mix back in spring . basically they have great production skills but absolutely no ideas . i would recommend just buying track eleven on <NUM> '' or mp3
just rented this dvd and was quite surprised . normally , i 'm a big george clooney and matt damon fan . however , in this film , their talents were underutilized and did not make up for the poor script , editing , and direction which made this film quite dull to watch . while the idea behind the movie is good , it could have been more entertaing , dramatic , or suspensful . as another reviewer remarked , i was quite tempted to shut it off after <NUM> minutes and watch something else . but , i did suffer through to the end , where the film just sort of ends and leaves viewers hanging ..
a to z has a big problem in my opinion . it is a very simple children 's book with some very cute illustrations of animals ( a to z ) . each animal is engaged in an action that also begins with the first letter of it 's name ( e.g . kangaroos kissing ) . there are lots of made up animals , i 'm assuming to account for the rarity of animals beginning with & quot ; q & quot ; and & quot ; x & quot ; etc . the part that i do n't like is the fictitious & quot ; uglybirds & quot ; whose action is simply & quot ; being ugly & quot ; . the illustration that goes along with this so-called ugliness is very disturbing . the & quot ; uglybirds & quot ; have atypical bird features that seem intentional . they are green and purple , and have messed up feathers and big bulging eyes and are very & quot ; different & quot ; from the & quot ; normal & quot ; birds in this and other books . upon reading this , my wife and i agreed that we would never repeat this section while reading to our daughter . although i do intend on teaching my daughter about ugliness ( racism , violence , contempt , etc. ) . i think that it is a quality that should n't be used to describe physical appearance . when my daughter encounters a person who is physically unusual , i hope that i have instilled in her the values to disregard what others might find & quot ; ugly & quot ; . i know that some might think that i 'm overanalyzing such an innocent entry in a child 's book , i think that parents need to be more careful about the messages that they are sending about ugliness
i only bought this dvd so i could watch the second disc with the version of the movie in hd ( wmvhd ) but since i do n't live in the us i could not obtain the license to watch the movie cause of the stupid drm bullcrap they encoded the movie with . after weeks of trying different things i finally got it to work but even now when it tries to play it makes the computer system unstable and the movie only plays one frame before going green . stay far away . do n't buy drm encoded stuf
the beginning of this book was excellent , but dont be fooled , the first few chapters are the only decent part of this book . the rest of the book is just filled with sex and the ultimate downfall is that there is no foreshadowing to the killers . what 's the point of writing it if the reader cant try to figure out who the murderers were . this was one of the worst books i have ever read , i 'd call it a trashy romance novel with a hint of mystery . dont waste your time reading it
welcome to a new style of reviews . for those of you who have been following my career , my comments on the films that i have seen have been lengthy , verbose , and at times , just plain boring . today marks a day of change . i am finding myself with less time , energy , and dedication to the cause , so i am changing . perhaps i will fall to the wayside , or pick up new fans - but for me , it is still all about the cinema . war , really people , what is it good for ? apparently , to those involved with the creation of the film `` hart 's war '' , absolutely nothing - do you need me to say it again ? to be short and sweet , pretty-boy farrell gets caught by nazi 's , tells a dirty secret , and somehow gets put in the posh-of-the-posh pow containment camps this side of germany . no brutality , no murder , no starvation - just simple catered meals and a freedom like no other . willis plays a colonel that somehow was captured and has named this base as his `` luxury '' suite . he is best friends with the nazi commander , while all the time planning the big escape . did i hint towards `` the great escape '' - please do n't think the same thoughts with this film . what makes `` hart 's war '' a bit more random than you typical war film is that the bigotry , hatred , and racism comes from not the nazis , but the american soldiers . it comes in the form of terrance howard . one time racism turns its dirty head , people look the other way - but the second time , it takes us into a melodramatic , off-the-beaten-path courtroom drama that can be viewed in an assortment of regular films . it sparks nothing new , nor anything of interest . continually , we wait for howard , or willis , to shout that cult-like phrase , `` you ca n't handle the truth '' , and it nearly happens , when willis reveals his wild card and changes the course of the war forever . how bland . `` hart 's war '' fails because it involves too many elements and not enough time , or maybe , too many elements and too long of time . instead of sticking with a war story , we are bludgeoned with another story of racism , another story of respect , another story of lies , and jumbled between it all a story about escape . it is too much for one film to handle , and as our characters become less and less dimensional , as does the film . willis is willis . if you have seen any of his work this decade , you have seen his character in this film . farrell remains shaved and pretty-boy throughout the film , continually denouncing the authenticity , which was already faulted by the fact that it seemed like nobody was against anyone in this camp . i think that is what struck me as odd , the layout of the camp . why were the russians treated worse than the americans ? did they not have a bruce willis of their own ? questions upon questions continue to pile until we think we have had enough then another world opens in the final act giving us another reason to yell , `` oh brother ! '' . the ending lacks consistency , as we are left with no resolutions , no finale , and no moment of zen . it is perfect for you willis nay-slayers out there , but for the rest of us , we are left with a symbolic ending that will bring a tear to the women , and the rest of us demanding our money back . this film contained very little action , very little suspense , and very little answers to bigger underlining questions . it was a hastily put together film that boasted big names , but bigger downfalls . for two hours i was plummeted into everything hollywood could think of to throw into a film . while i believe it had potential , what happened in the end is that the director could not control the momentum . this is strange , because i loved `` fallen '' so very much . `` hart 's war '' did start strong , in my eyes , with some decent cinematography ( i enjoyed the opening snow scene ) , but fell of the face of the earth by the end of the first hour . so , again my friends , i must ask - what is war good for ? to my reply ... absolutely nothing . i can not suggest this film to friends or family . poor acting , too many plot points , and an unresolved ending makes me give `` hart 's war '' a ( wait for it ... ) blah
mark rank proposes many interesting ideas that attempt redefine how we think about poverty in america . most of his ideas are solid , but my deepest concern is with the readers who gave this book <NUM> stars and used the word `` interesting '' to describe it . did they actually read it ? this book is an unending parade of boring and repeated ideas presented in different , yet equally boring ways . i honestly beleive that this book has destroyed the thrill of musical chairs for me forever . this book could have been written in about <NUM> pages instead of the <NUM> it actually took if he simply used his original , not to mention solid , ideas . the nature of the book greatly weakened his overall argument . not only was the book dry , but it also seemed to fail to acknowledge the global system the us is a part of , and in particular , the role that immigration plays on poverty in the us . he talks about the us and the people in it as if they were static , but we live in a very fluid world , growing more fluid everyday , and i feel that his failure to ackowledge this fact truly hurts his overall argument .
i like sissy and marissa but holy cow , this movie moved at a snails pace . i almost fell asleep waiting for the gun shot . the story is so typical girl with two kids looking for some sap to help her out so she picks a naive high school grad . pulls some smooth sex moves on the poor kid and gets his pee-pee all in a whirl and he becomes king kong and wants to protect her from her `` horrible '' estranged hubby , and play daddy to her brats . its a no win situation , legally he 's an `` adult '' so mom and dad ca n't forbid him from diddling with the tramp and unfortunatly he 's in the wrong place at the wrong time and gets killed for no good reason . and she ends up going back to her estranged hubbby and thinks what he did to get her back was soooo romantic . the world is full of dumb c -- ts and even dumber men . do n't bother with this one
this is the most disappointing piece of childish trash i have encountered in many a day . i have absolutely wasted my money and feel cheated . this piece of junk is without literary value of any kind . if you enjoy reading about a cop who is going to a shrink to get free , of among many things , a drinking problem , but who continually walks around evenings with a stiff drink in his hand moaning about how much he loves his ex wife who is having affairs with others , then this is your piece of writing . notice i did n't say literature . an extremely poorly written piece of garbage ! !
note : if i could give this <NUM> stars , i would i picked up this book on the strength of the high recommendations listed here - i guess i should have looked at the fact that there were only ( <NUM> ) reviews . this book was trite , un-even , and just plain ridiculous . it started out with a decent enough premise but did nothing to really build the relationship between the hero and heroine . maggie came off as a young , naive , totally unrealistic , `` i 'm trying to be cute & pert '' but , i 'm not . it 's almost as if the character `` ally mcbeal '' were thrust into a book . the plot veered off in directions that did n't get tied up and the hero , connor , seemed to be spouting lines because that 's what he was supposed to say rather than what he felt . also , there was n't too much of anything that was daring in this book . just ugghhh ! i feel sad that i dared to buy this . just run the other way - get something by gaelen foley ( the duke ) or lisa kleypas ( dreaming of you ) instea
i had really high hopes for this book when i bought it . seemed like an interesting premise . i 've read other books by this author and they were interesting , at least . this book was confusing and really quite boring . the first half of the book ( <NUM> pages ) basically has the very forgettable characters doing not much of anything . when the `` action '' finally starts , the menacing artifact is about as scary as a ham sandwich . i have to be honest , i did n't even finish the book . i stopped about <NUM> pages from the ending because i just could n't stand it anymore
george cukor only ventured into musicals on rare occasions . two of those ( `` a star is born '' and `` my fair lady '' ) are classics ; `` les girls '' is assuredly not . this was gene kellys last mgm musical , and cole porters penultimate score of any kind , and neither master is at his peak ; as a matter of fact theyre both pretty close to their nadirs . kellys attempt at parodying marlon brando in `` the wild one '' ( already a passe reference by the time this was filmed ) is downright embarrassing , and the supporting `` girls '' ( when mitzi gaynor is the biggest star among them ) just kinda sit there like a lump . if thats entertainment ...
movie about <NUM> women trying to con a pro at seduction . mediocre dialogue with same acting and plot . the eroticism is wooden and tepid . shabby treatment even for a french movie . yuck
after reading about half of this book , i had to stop . i am not very inspired . in fact , it had the opposite effect on me . a lot of the stories i read were too much about the hardships and not enough about the positive outcomes that people had . kind of scared me a bit .. is this what i have to look forward to as the years progress ? i was more inspired by montel 's book ( once i got past the ego part of it )
mono sound just a real bad cd
i rented this movie on vhs because that was teh only formate they had . i think its pretty freaking lame . the sport sequeces are cool , but aside from that it was very boring . basicly i think this movie was yet another example of hollywood movie trash
i did n't think i 'd miss the christopher reeve superman movies ( one and two at least ) and i really miss george reeves now ! ! ! ! those black and white superman shows were the best ! what 's her name was a horrible lois lane ! ! ! ! the whole thing sucked - that was the second of two bad movies in a row ! i do n't even care about the deleted scenes ! i want to sell it to someone else or at the very least - i 'm going to give this one away ! brandon is cute enough but that uniform was soooooo dull ! ! i remember now that my brother told me i could wait for cable . i got greedy - someone bought him a dvd that was coded for another country ( there was russian writing on it ) and it would n't work in my dvd player so i got amazon happy and ordered it from a vendor in brooklyn . i shoulda waited for cable
some of us have been through years where the beastie boys were always playing in at least one of the tape decks in our dual tape players ( that 's cassette tapes , in case you are too young to know ) . anyway , i was hoping for another album that would stay ( now in my 5-disc changer ) for at least a full year without my having to swap it out . unfortunately , this is not what i got in this album . while there are tracks on this album that capture the energy and passion of the beastie boys of old , too much of this record feels like preaching . although i agree with much of what they have to say , they now do so in such a politically over-hyped fashion that it detracts from their music . truly , there are some great songs on this record . but if you listen to this album and then to paul 's boutique , licensed to ill or another great one , you will quickly realize that this is not the beastie boys who revolutionized music in the late 20th century
as a big fan of the postal service ( their `` give up '' easily makes the cut on my top <NUM> albums ) , i had high expectations for this dntel record , as jimmy tamberello is one half of the postal service . big mistake . listen to the samples : if you like what you hear , then buy it ; if you do n't like what you hear , do n't make my mistake of thinking that the songs get better beyond the <NUM> seconds given . worthwhile songs on this cd : <NUM> ) '' ( this is ) the dream of evan and chan '' ( the postal service remix is available on itunes , and is a better version than what 's on the cd ) , sung by ben gibbard of death cab and postal service . <NUM> ) '' last songs '' is if anything , relaxing . i recommend getting these two songs on itunes and leaving it at that , save some money . the cd 's too expensive for two decent songs . jimmy tamberello has another digital project that he works called figurine and ( more recently ) james figurine , it 's essentially a catchier , poppier version of dntel , more in line with postal service
i just watched this movie version of the classic childrens ' book with my wife . here are my gut impressions : first , very little is true to the book . that 's not really a gut impression . that 's the impression i got hearing my wife say `` that 's not in the book ... that 's not in the book ... '' actually this movie is more like a computer animation demo than a vehicle for story telling . it makes for beautiful stills and pictures , and those made me want to see the movie . i expected a heart warming christmas story , and what i got was about an hour of frantic scenes of out-of-control railroad and other technology animated like never before with just enough pauses betwen them to remind me why i 'm watching . you get to see ... a kid chasing a ticket through a train , a kid chasing a ticket over the roof of a train , a ticket making its way through the forest -- rube goldberg style -- back to the train , ( forty minutes into this movie and one girl 's train ticket is the star of the show ! ) ok , the ticket sub plot is resolved and we have ... a train sliding out of control on the ice , a train trying to outrun cracks on the ice , a train going full throttle out of control and racing up and down mountain valleys like a roller coaster ( fans of the `` coaster tycoon '' series of computer games will feel right at home ) until finally it arrives at the north pole . then , the train car with the central character kids gets detached so we have ... a train car running out of control through santa 's village , kids getting lost in the christmas present manufacturing plant and falling through the chutes and machinery of the factory , and then ... kids getting lost in a bag of presents that is taken by a flying machine to santa 's sled launching pad where the star at the top of the tree is dislodged and nearly impales an innocent elf . ho ho ho . at least let me have a joystick and a couple of buttons so i can help these kids out ! it 's like a computer animated train wreck in fast motion . you know it 's awful but you ca n't look away ! and , you 'd better think twice before letting any very young children see this . it could be very frightening on a big screen with the volume turned up . my wife and i were going to watch it with our three and six year old sons , and we were very glad that we did n't . so , what could have been a classic , enduring , and endearing compliment to a classic childrens ' christmas story is little more than a great line for some computer animator to have on his or her resume . two thirds of this movie is devoted to stuff that does n't advance the story or develop the characters one bit . whatever a `` character driven '' story is , this is the opposite . never have i seen so many rendered pixels doing so much and accomplishing so little . i 'd rather set up my old american flyer electric trains and let them run around the tree while i read the book to my kids .
when traveling , i always try to take location appropriate literature along . this seemed to be a particularly good choice for a visit to venice . long after returning from the vacation , i 'm still trying to force myself to finish this book . it is self-indulgent and inane . if the use of the phrase `` do n't be rough , '' ( i could never figure out what was rough ) over and over and over again is not enough to encourage throwing the book in the fire , then abundant use of `` i love you , whatever that means , '' should do it . i usually like hemingway , this book is awful
when will joshua bell learn to record real repetoire , instead of these pseudo pieces transcribed for voice ? first off , the pieces are n't that beautiful , and joshua bell can not sustain any of the pieces ... just because it is a `` famous '' name does not mean it is good ! listen to james ehnes , a 100x better violins
when i first bought this cd i really liked it , but unlike most other cd 's it sounded worse with time . after 2-3 months it was just sitting in my drawer and i found myself skipping stations on the radio when they played the killers . after seeing them live at the virgin festival this weekend i know they are totally phony , not only is their cd bland but they are the worst live band ever . do yourself a favor save your money on this one
after viewing the <NUM> faces of dr. lao i must agree with the march 10th , <NUM> reviewer who states strongly that this is just a solid `` b '' film . when i was growing up i spent many hours in movie theaters watching fantasy and sci-fi films . george pal movies were always among my favorites and still are . to make statements that the <NUM> faces of dr. lao was george pal 's greatest film is unfounded . have these people ever watched the time machine or war of the worlds ? if we are talking about great fantasy or sci-fi movies , which george pal should be remembered for , then you do n't get much better than these two . the only credit to this film is the scene where dr. lao shows the town 's people the movie clips of the roman city being destroyed by a vocanic eruption . the eruption scenes are taken from another george pal classic fantasty film , atlantis the lost continent . now there is a great film to entertain the children . the only problem with atlantis the lost continent is that for some unknown reason it has not yet been released on dvd . for those of us out there that still enjoy great fantasy films from the past , drop the studio a line and lets get this one on the market
that was what i said quite loudly the night i went to the movies to see this . the story portrayed on film does not even come close to the story in the book . the author , i am certain would have not approved with what has been done with her work . unfortunately she was already deceased and had no control over it . i know some of you are saying how could that be , her books are still being published . they use her name for the books , but she has not written a book since the sequel to `` heaven '' , which she did n't even complete herslelf . other than the performance of louise flethcer this movie is a waste of film .
the selection of songs for this cd is excellent , however unable to leave well enough along they include overblown intros , restarts , embellishments etc making the original tune almost unrecognizable . the arranger should be shot
this is an okay compilation however its far from the best . if your looking for good punk music you wont find much of it here . heres a list of the bands i thought were pretty good the offspring pennywise strung out strike anywhere mxpx millencoln no use for a name street dogs plain white t's i really hate emo music , and it 's not like a really really hate all screamo/hardcore music its just that i really do n't wan na hear like <NUM> songs in arow of it it almost sounds the same . hopfully next year there will be some more punkish bands on the tour such as propagandhi , nofx , desendendents , pennywise , rise against , black flag , anti-flag ... et
this is a fantastic study in the psychology of the mind of a megamaniacal dilettant who , like many of them , believe they are participants in , not just the scribes of , history . witness lines from goltz 's book like `` it was my own little gesture at stopping world war iii '' . as a study of this under-reported conflict , unfortunately it 's just about the only way to get any information at all in english , hence the two stars . and goltz is not only up front about his pro-turkic bias ( his wife is turkish ) , he is honest about the failings of the azerbaijani government 's policies , and reasons for loss of this war . there are a lot of facts here , in spite of what the more vituperative reviewers claim on this page . the problem with the book is goltz 's unbearable self-importance and flat tone of voice . goltz published an earlier book called `` requiem for a would-be republic '' from which most of this book is extracted . `` requiem '' has a very rushed ( and amateurish ) feel and `` az diary '' did n't even bother to correct that . maybe mr. goltz has read a little too much hunter s. thompson ? or maybe he 's rushing to meet some deadline ? if mr. goltz is reading this , i would recommend he read michael herr 's `` dispatches '' before writing another book . mr. goltz also , the reader will notice , behaves like he knows the history of the region , when clearly he does n't know anything but what he was told on the ground . if you can overlook pretentiousness , absence of historical context and flatness of tone , there is some value in this book . if only a better and more imaginative writer had goltz 's courage to be in azerbaijan at the time of the conflict . i agree with other reviewers that mr. goltz is probably not a paid propagandist . there is no evidence of this ; to me he comes off as just a sucker who got taken in by a cause not rightly his , and who wants , for personal reasons , to be the champion of a people he sees , rightly or wrongly , as victims of injustice
i 'm getting kind of over the same old schtick all the time . why is it that jews always self depricate ? god knows , the christians never do that . they 're very proud all the time . jews seem to come off `` silly '' and sophomoric . i suppose this compilation is pretty comprehensive as far as artists , but it sure would be nice if someone put an album together that had a little more heart to it
lamberto bava 's `` demons <NUM> '' just does n't quite live up to the classic status of the original . the quality of the gore really dropped a few notches compared to part <NUM> & lets just admit it now & get it out of the way ! the gore is pretty much the only reason to watch these kind of cult films ! `` demons <NUM> '' lacks the ripping & tearing of flesh & limb that made the original `` demons '' such a fun classic & instead replaces it with alot of guewy & slimey stuff & a very stupid demon puppet ! while not a complete waste of time it definately fell short of my gorey expectations , especially considering the two maestro 's who held the reins ( argento & bava ! )
do n't buy this book unless you would like to imagine the male character ( who is supposed to be a <NUM> year old very powerful vampire ) been raped by <NUM> elder female vampires over and over until the end of the book .
well , let 's put it this way ... i bought this when the vinyl was first released . went with all the other app albums i had . my <NUM> or so vinyl discs have since been entrusted to an old friend . i 've since purchased * almost * all the app cds that i once had on vinyl . not this one . for me , pyramid was the pinnacle -- <NUM> stars . love the rest of the first four , as well as stereotomy and gaudi -- <NUM> stars . i 'd give <NUM> stars to vulture culture and eye in the sky . but this one and eve just did n't do it for me . on a tangentially related note ... if you have n't heard godley & creme 's goodbye blue sky , try to find yourself a copy . a rollicking good time
this band is getting alot of critical acclaim right now , but i 'm just not feeling it . the single `` wolf like me '' is the only song that stands out to me on the whole album . it is a great song , but everything else is just blah . i think the band could use a different singer , the guy they got does n't sing very well or very `` soulful '' . the music is good , very original and the only reason i have n't sold the cd yet . i really think ppl need to hear this one for themselves before they buy . do n't be fooled by these <NUM> star reviews . just listen to the cd before you buy it . that 's my advice
i dont want to see these yuppie kids on this ignorant tv show . this is crap . how can you stand to watch this garbage
i love sophia loren as an actress however this dvd as <NUM> movies in one package is a very very very poor quality dvd . colors are bad , picture is bad and the sound is even worse . do n't waste your money . my dvd copy was bought from amazon . this is my advic
um . i have nothing against bands that are `` mainstream '' . that has nothing to do with their quality of sound . ( granted , many mainstream bands are horrible , but they all deserve a chance , no ? ) dave , though , he has never impressed me . not that he 's awful , i suppose it 's okay background music ... better than nothing . just oh so mediocre . i do n't understand why is he so highly praised ? voice-wise ? eh . nothing special . lyrics ? hah ! music ? umm ... bland ? it 's all the same ! maybe i 'm missing something ? if you like one of dave 's songs , then by all means , buy this ! you can be sure your money will be spent on nearly exact replicas of that song . two stars because it 's at least music . but that 's on the high side , considering how static it is . dave will never find a place in my cd player or in my computer .
i cringed while reading this book and actually flung it across a waiting area at a gate in heathrow airport in disgust upon finishing it . ( no one was in the way and i did retrieve it - to throw it out properly in a trashcan . ) mr. rushdie is obviously a brilliant man but he is out of his element writing about rock and roll . i felt embarrassed for him while reading this and i really did want to love it . the language is forced and pretentious ; it sounds like it was written by a corporate ceo desperately trying to be cool .
the quality of the recording is awful , which is not necessarily the weakest point of the album , as a matter of fact it lends aa appealing dusted , kitch effect to the music . the music seems to have been performed by ... semi-amateurs indulging in a recording session - it might be interesting for psychology students to gage the effects of ... induced creativity . i do not dislike the album , i just think its merits are less musical than not . amaon ii albums are considerably better
i preface all of my dvd reviews with the following note : there are more than enough film reviews on amazon.com and , quite frankly , it 's a bit ridiculous . a person can scroll through scores/pages of reviews without reading a single sentence about the quality of the dvd . if you want to review or discuss a film , go to imdb . if you 're reviewing the dvd , speak to the qualities ( or lack thereof ) of the audio and video ; mention your opinions of the plot , acting , etc . but please do n't write an essay ! now , on to my review of the ghost and the darkness on dvd . i remember wanting to see this movie when i was younger ( when it was first released ) , but it was n't until my sophomore year of college that i bought the dvd in order to write a term paper comparing the film to actual history . in terms of hollywood , it 's fairly accurate . the film itself , as entertainment , is great ( it seems some people are analyzing it as if it were a documentary ? ? ? ) . i 'm a fan of both douglas and kilmer ; they 're fine here , but they 've definitely done better work elsewhere . the plot moves along nicely and creates some definite tension and suspense . additionally , the photography is beautiful and the soundtrack is great , too . now the bad news : the dvd sucks . period . and i 'm not even complaining about the lack of extras here . the transfer is absolutely criminal , and those responsible for it should never work on another dvd project ever again . the print is clear and solid , but the aspect ratio is not correct at all . i was mortified when i popped it into my player , only to be rewarded with a distorted image . absolutely shameful ... this film deserves a new anamorphic transfer in its original aspect ratio . video : c- audio : a film : b
in this work , bhagwati offers valid arguments for globalization . he is takes some of the strongest criticisms of globalization and is able to find fault in them , and at the same time , declares the benefits of a globalized economy . however , one need not read the entire book to find out bhagwati 's views . bhagwati 's stance on globalization is almost so extreme that he instinctively and automatically comes to the defense of globalization without providing a fair analysis . as a harvard professor , i would assume him to provide more academic and holistic defenses and criticisms . however , his book is an easy read and one that opens the reader to arguments for and against globalization whether s/he has previous knowledge of globalization or not
now before you shrug me off as a hater ... i just want to make it clear that i love rob zombie ... i am more of a white zombie fan because they just have so much more going on in the music and lyrics than rob has even come close to with his solo endevors . white zombie made some of the most amazing music of the 90s . i like hellbilly deluxe , it 's a very good album , not near as tantalizing as anything white zombie did , but still very good . this album however is a complete departure from everything before it . the only good tracks are sinners inc & transylvanian transmissions , what some would call `` fillers '' a labeling i despise , these <NUM> tracks are amazing , and the ozzie track is alright , but everything else is just mindless ramblings and power cords rolled into a brainless shpeil of banter about nothing . i so do not dig this whole poppy thing hes doin in the slightest . hellbilly deluxe is a far supirior album , while this album is not even worthy of being compared to anything white zobmie did . alas rob ... what happened ? why god ? why ? but dont take my word for it ... listen to those cuts from the tracks amazon posts . they all suck . nuff said ... rob ... your next album better kick ass , thats all i got ta say
i hate to be yet another naysayer here , but seriously .... what is all the hype about these books ? my poor sister ( who for some reason loved them ) told me to read them , and i struggled for weeks to finish the first book in the series . normally , a book of eragon 's size and reading level would be devoured by me in less that a day or two . however , upon reading the first chapter , i was struck almost immediately by the choppy sentence structure . almost all the sentence were the same length . it was hard for me to read more than a chapter at a time because passages simply did not flow well at all . when i finally finished eragon , i thought that the second one had to be better , since it got published . i was dead wrong . both books had an incredibly boring story , derivative plot , unoriginal characters and setting ( also names stolen almost directly from tolkien ! ! ) , pedestrian language and writing style , wooden dialogue ( every character spoke with the same exact `` voice , '' none were really distinct from each other ) , and cliched expression after cliched expression . in eragon at least , the entire book was full of passages of `` purple prose . '' worst of all , the author only told and hardly ever showed the reader what the characters were feeling . speaking of characters , eragon sorely lacked both character description ( i did n't even know what murtagh was supposed to look like or how old he was until the book was almost over ) , and there was almost no character development whatsoever . i felt no emotional involvement and did n't care a thing for almost any of the characters . making the reader care about their characters is one of the most important things authors must do to create a meaningful story with emotional depth . for instance , if george r. r. martin can make me learn to love a traitorous villain who commits incest with his sister , then why ca n't i care about the `` perfect '' titular hero of these books ? ? ? believe me , i gave this series many chances to impress .... and it failed . i love the idea of dragon riders ( a la the pern series ) and i thought the character of saphira had some good things about her . being a linguist , i love the idea of language having a deep , abiding power of its own ( which has also been done a la tolkien and le guinn ) , but the things in this story just felt like a boy 's fantasy daydream , down to the sexy elf chick in tight leather of all things . just because someone is young and writes a novel does not make said novel good nor does it make said novelist a prodigy . i truly think that the only reason either of these books were published in the first place is because paolini 's parents were the ones who published them . my apologies if my rant offends anyone , i 'm just a little upset that i spent so long plodding through this only to find that it did not improve . normally when i read a book , i can tell its good because of the shivers of excitement i feel while devouring page after page . that quality is the main thing that was missing from paolini 's works . i truly hope he has a chance to improve his writing over time .
the new world is the least of terrence malick 's limited filmography to date , and could be best described as a monotone poem . it 's not exactly bad , just mundane and rather forgettable even while you 're watching it , more of a self-indulgence than a genuine attempt to communicate with an audience . visually it often seems surprisingly flat and uninspired , while the script comprises of far too many trite voice over questions s-p-o-k-e-n v-e-r-y s-l-o-w-l-y i-n h-u-s-h-e-d t-o-n-e-s against selections from his classical music collection , which does n't magically render them profound but simply makes the film evenly paced to the point where nothing can stand out : even the battle sequence takes time out for more musings . another big problem is the miscasting of the inexplicably prolific colin farrell , a nice enough lad offscreen i 'm sure but an extraordinarily limited actor who just can not carry a picture no matter how many chances he 's given . true to form he trots out his two ` important picture ' expressions - the bambi-caught-in-the-headlights-of-an-oncoming-car one and the one he thinks looks serious but simply makes him look like he 's not been getting enough roughage in his diet . the fact that he 's outshone by q'orianka kilcher in her first speaking part speaks volumes of his inadequacy , although to be fair he has been worse . indeed , among the male leads christian bale does much , much more with much , much less in the last third of the film , as does a typically underused christopher plummer in the first third . malick is very good at the madness and mutiny that infects the deluded settlers of jamestown , but because it happens to people we 've barely been introduced to it carries no emotional or dramatic weight . if anything , it just made me think of how much more herzog could have made of it all . moments work , most notably the expulsion of the ` naturals ' from their land and the brief latter sequences in england , but on the evidence of the 135-minute version i very much doubt malick 's promised longer cut will solve the problems . i know it 's meant to be a work of art , but i just came away with the feeling that i 'd watched an old and very average universal international 50s western redubbed by first-year philosophy students . the only surprise was that jeff chandler and his bouncing basques did n't crop up .
i rented this movie because i like luke wilson and i was in the mood for a romantic comedy , but i was very disappointed . there 's just about no chemistry between wilson and kate hudson , and she was just terrible . throughout the entire movie , i could practically see the acting wheels turning in her head -- her portrayal as a somewhat prudish , somewhat mousy character was both unnatural and incredibly annoying . if not for her bad acting , i would have given this movie a higher rating , because it did have its funny and some sweet moments ( if you can ignore the implausible plot ) . there just was n't enough `` good '' to compete with hudson 's `` bad .
if you want to read about scientific facts this is not the book for you . the scientific underpinnings of this speculative book are briefly mentioned and not elaborated upon in much detail . it 's better to just read his paper on the somatic marker hypothesis ( which is disputed by the way ) . without a background in neuroscience it is difficult to evaluate his ideas in a serious way , and anyway he asks for introspection ( a la william james ) from the reader more than anything else
i wish i had never owned the original recording of this album because this `` version '' is a sorry compilation disc distributed by bmg/sony that hardly compares to the original . if you can find the original , get that , for this compilation disc does not contain some of the selections and suffers greatly for it
their new stuff is even worse . but this is still sexist , boring , annoying music at its worst . there are much better artists out there , so why listen to these two untalented rappers
i saw one of their music videos playing at walmart and thought to myself : this is really cool ! another goth/rock/alternative band along the lines of evanescence . i happen to be a big fan of evanescence and i like the mainstream twist of goth/rock/alternative . most of the times repetative music does n't bother me . you find this a lot in pop , r & b and even country . it 's almost common to mistaken a mariah carey or shania twain song for a different one . in fact , mariah even made a remix that blended <NUM> of her songs . to get back on track , i liked the female vocal . the songs did n't allow her full potential of her talent . the male vocals were ok . i was n't looking for a strictly goth or strictly metal band but a mix of the two . i happen to like it when artists experiment with music . otherwise linkin park would n't exist ( love 'em too ) . none of the songs really grabbed my attention . normally , there would be at least one or two i 'd really listen to on a cd . i did n't catch the name of the one that was in the music video @ walmart so after i bought it i tried to pick it out . i kept thinking to myself : this one must be it ! but when i get to the next one i think : wait , this one might be it ! then they all sounded the same so i gave up . i really tried to be open minded & and almost forced myself to pick out at least one song that would rectify purchasing a whole cd for . but they were all pretty bland . i do n't think i 've ever been so disappointed over an album purchase . due to the attempt at the mainstream rock/goth i gave it the extra star
i bought this cd last friday and knew i had made a mistake within <NUM> seconds of the 1st song . i only made it through the 4th track before removing it from my cd player and returning to the store to exchange it . i can respect complex time changes , but being good at math does not make for good music . i heard nothing that could be considered a melody and also nothing that sounded like actual instrumental talent . they may know how to play their instruments , but they do not know how to play . also , the production is terrible . the praise of this album strikes me as some kind of joke . it 's that bad . if you want to listen to instrumental rock/metal made by talented muscians who know how to play and write music that is not painfull to listen to , check out gordian knot `` emergent . ''
in country , how can i describe this book ? in four words crappy piece of garbage ; am so unfortunably forced to read this literature for school , and i 've got too say , to give it two thumbs up you 'll have to read it <NUM> times . i agree this book could be a very good book if they stood with the plot in part <NUM> , but tom , sam , and lonnies life story just is n't interesting . look at their names , there too basic . too tell you the truth kentucky is boring , the books boring , and the author is boring . you have to drink coffee to read this book ; the real downside is that the coffee will end up costing more than the book . my advise to all you readers is to jack the book from barnes and noble , borders or photo copy it , save the money for the coffee because your gon na need it
i 'm not sure why anyone would want or need a phb2 ... i mean , come on . the whole reason 3.5 came out was to make money with little regard to how to better the game , and this book follows that example very well . the content is mostly all fluff , about the only thing redeeming about this book is the cover .
'secret agent ' ( <NUM> ) stars very strong cast -- bob hoskins ( also ex-producer ) , patricia arquatte , christian bale , gerard depardieu , jim broadbent , eddie izzard , and uncredited robin williams . the music score is philip glass , and the director is christopher hampton , who made 'carrington ' before this one . so the film should be better than average classic novel adaptaions , which it is n't . this conrad adaptation is sluggish , not knowing what it really wants to show . one great disadventage is that we have seen the adaptation of this joseph conrad novel before -- hitchcock 's 'sabotage ' ( <NUM> ) starring sylvia sydney . ( not to be confused with the same director 's film named 'secret agent . ' ) this version , not perfect to be sure , knows what it is doing , for the master of suspence turned it into a spy story with a thrilling sequence about a bomb hidden in a bag carried by an innocent boy . however , the new version , though it is more faithful to the original novel , and proud of its great cast , has no sense of what it really is doing . the film opens quite promisingly , with bob hoskins ' verloc , a shopkeeper in 1890s london , who actually is a spy in the pay of russian embassy . he is summoned by the russain ambassador ( very good eddie izzard ) , who tells verloc to demolish one symbolic building in britain with a bomb , the building which represents 'time ' ( you know where ) . so far , interesting . but as if to imitate the original novelist 's slow moving narrative , the film unwisely introduces many flashbacks that tell us the outcomes of the botched plans . yes , conrad uses ( intentionally or not , i do not know ) the confused narrative that seems to have lost the sense of coherent chronological order ( read 'nostromo ' ) . hampton not only employs this flashback method once , but twice ( ! ) to show how mrs. verloc ( miscast arquatte ) meets her fate . so irritating . the production designs are excellent , the acting is good all in all -- jim broadbent as police inspector and robin williams as the professor around whose body a bomb is strapped are memorable among them -- and philip glass provides good socre . however , all is wasted or misused , and even glass 's music starts to sound repetitious . the film uses it when there is no need , and that is really annoying . i like the atmosphere , and i do n't think joseph conrad is a difficult material to make a film out of it ( see 'victory ' made the year before ) . but christopher hampton as director , though good as screenwriter , seems to have killed the material with heavy-handed direction . and its characters that should be more interesting with a smooth story , too .
for that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his/her dirty secrets covered up . i feel that it 's the most insulting film to be released . it hides the fact that we as citizens , and our government do n't really care about who we stick in office . if the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up . i ca n't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time , and believe me i do n't feel it 's right to air it all over the news either . i feel that it comes down to the man , and if he does have the values his/her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing , and own up to his/her mistake . this movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it 's alright to cover things up , and there are no absolutes , or rights or wrongs . wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who 's rich ? do we wait until then to change the moral ? that 's pathetic , and so is this movie
i special ordered this album after reading a review in jazziz praising the artist and his work . one week later i could n't wait to unwrap it and stuff it into my cd player ........... awful , pure and simple . as i continue to read flowery reviews i am bewildered . weak and reedy voice , poor recording , background instrumentals muffled and distracting . the title wild ox moan about says it all . honestly , i can not make it through a single song or through the album at a single sitting
keller williams is a fine fine acoustic guitar player . i ca n't deny him that . however , after seeing him live , i ca n't say i will ever see him again . too much looping , too much cheese and not enough grit . light and fluffy . maybe you could call it bubble gum music . i 'm not turned off to the jamband scene . that 's not it at all . i was a phish fan for many years ... going back to the late eighties . i really enjoy improvisation . my musical life revolves around it , whether i 'm playing or listening , whether its jazz , free or jamming . i love it all . i just find keller williams and a lot of the bands ( not that he 's a band really ) that are in the `` jam '' scene to be pretty boring . at least keller does n't go on twenty minute quasi-bluegrass noodle jams
what can i say about the truly inspired film `` havoc '' that has n't been said before ? barbara kopple , an academy award winning documentarian , taking a grittily realistic look at urban youth dabbling in gang culture -- sounds like a recipe for success ! add a talented cast of appealing up-and-coming actors given really meaty roles -- awesome ! not so much ... `` havoc '' is , unfortuanately , an unmitigated disaster . you wo n't believe your eyes . the kids , the gangs , the streets of l.a. -- everything just rings so false . the last time i saw so many posers `` playing '' street toughs was at my junior high auditions for `` grease '' . and i think we could have taken these kids . a lot has been made about the `` shocking '' sexual content of the film . anyone `` shocked '' by this movie probably does n't see very many movies . anne hathaway does appear naked , which seems to be a selling point , but she and everyone else deserves better . i 'd actually have rated the movie about a <NUM> -- because it 's a campy mess ! ! ! if someone had realized that this was a b-level exploitation flick , and sold it as such -- i 'd have bought into it . no , though . this is a `` serious movie '' and `` important '' document of our time . sadly , on that scale , these kids need to go back to school because they failed
.... the ultimo movie about a bungled heist job and the crooks are holed out somewheres is .... reservior dogs . this has great actors in it ... i enjoyed seeing , f'instance , dame dunaway ... but , she , sinise , dillon , mantegna , and perpetual co-lister faison had a poor dialog to work with . imagine if qt had written it . or , my favorite tough guy screenwriter , david mamet . fortunately though , spacey will have something to build on develop a director 's repertoire ..
how all yall fools gon na come up in here calling this trash gangsta .. kali is where the real ridas live and die notthe dirty .. dirty ... south or the least coast .. everyone since the mid <NUM> 's has bitten the west coast and this is no exception .. tha frontlinerz have a track called `` gangsta in me '' and they put it right on these so-called gangsta 's callin themselves trap ni66az .. this is a joke .. like everything else and whoever said this isnt commercial .. give it up .. this record is sitting on wal-marts shelves ! ! ! i heard this and had one serious laugh .. boyz n da hood ... another example of how you suckers bite the west ..
we rented this movie , knowing it would n't be an oscar winner or anything . i 've seen some bad movies based on video games and comic books , but this took the cake . it was so lame ! we thought it would at least be entertaining ... no luck there . the best part about it was when it ended . what a relief !
i got this for christmas and finished it late last night . as the tale begins , the author initiates two primary storylines , the first is set in wwii spanning both the european and pacific theatres . the second is modern day and is centered on a california start-up ( with requisite ambitious young guys ) with primary business interests in the far east . one knows the stories are connected because of similar last names in both . the other connection is encryption - how crytography was central to the war and how it is central to current day business and , in the author 's view , central to the future of civilization . one of the great pluses of the book is how the author made use of these commonalities between ww2 and modern-day to create interest and anticipation . the middle of the book actually made use of these quite well and i was eager to keep reading . there is some terrific writing in middle sections and descriptions of people and places both in europe and the far east are very vivid . the author does write with terrific humour at times and i was reminded in several places about a series of books written about wwi called `` the bandy papers - the journals of bartholomew bandy '' by donald jack . very similar in style as the author captures the points of view - dry wit - of grandpa ( ww2 ) and grandson ( techno geek ) waterhouse . the presentation of gen. douglas mcarthur was ( from my canadian perpective ) endearingly flag-waving-pipe-chomping-bullet- shedding-american-super-hero and , of course , totally unbelievable . then i hit the final pages where i had hoped to receive a big-payoff to the build-up over the previous thousand pages . alas , it was not to be and all the tedious verbiage that scarred the entire book turned out to be a sad bell-weather . one of the `` <NUM> star '' reviews amongst these reviews suggested that tolkien was nothing compared to neal stephenson as far as filling up pages with words . there are numerous examples of page after page of `` who cares '' blathering which may tell us that some of the characters are in fact terribly boring individuals but do not deepen the characterizations . one of the good points is that when you hit such a section - and the reader will recognize them - you can simply skip about <NUM> pages or more and pick up the story without missing anything . the book could have been shortened by about <NUM> pages , maybe more . i 'm guessing there is an encrypted message in the pages somewhere but i could n't care less . some story lines , characters and inferences are left totally unresolved in the end ( e.g . what happened to the dentist ? ) . a case of author boredom and a loss of interest as the ending approached ? and why the heck did andrew loeb make a final appearance ! talk about out-of-place and just bizarre . i dunno what the author is thinking sometimes but several times he comes across as just a tad too clever . at least <NUM> times during the book ( inluding the opening pages ) i did n't have a clue what he was talking about . for example , one such bit of cleverness is his incorporation of the hindenberg disaster in new jersey - the narrative is written at that point from the perspective of a main character who stumbles literally out of the woods after seeing a brightness in the sky . it is not central or even obliquely of interest to the story line . the author never mentions hindenberg by name and it is left to the reader ( if you can pass the author 's ever-so-clever test of cleverness ) to figure it out . it seemed somewhat a condescending ( to the reader ) writing style . there is the usual technology-dropping ( like dropping names but gadgets instead of people ) to presumably up the coolness factor and from my knowledge it is mostly , but not always , believable . ultimately , why there is some terrific writing , the overall result is a draft that needs <NUM> or <NUM> more rewrites and a worthy ending to really tell a terrific story . summary - go directly to tom clancy 's books which are executed much better and have endings that offer a consistent pay-off ( but with less humour ) . clancy can also go on and on ... but not like this guy ! the paperback story is <NUM> pages of small type that is hard to read
production sucks the life outta this release . gives me a headache . whining , whining ... the vocals are real pathetic . save your money
yeah , i bought this cd because i heard she is one of the better drum n ' bass djs .... and she 's really damn cute . problem is ... this cd is n't very good at all . trying to go too main stream popish , some of the lyrics are laughable , there is n't a single song on this cd that would make it into one of my sets . i 'm sure she 's a very good dj , but someone led her down the wrong road this time
i was going to wait until i finished reading this book to review it - seeing as how i still have <NUM> pages to go - but i 'm not sure if i 'll be able to ever finish it . the book spends a lot of time telling you the back story about how certain achievements were made in the field of science , but when it finally comes time to report the results of those achievements , the reader is only partially satisfied . very little actual science , and a lot of biographical information . i was hoping it would be the other way around . if you 're interested in reading biographies of scientists you 've probably never heard of , this is definitely the book for you . why would i give a book i did n't finish <NUM> stars ? because i did pick up a few interesting mathematical tidbits from the sections i read . i just did n't pick up enough tidbits to keep me going . the universal constant is interesting , and the cross section of the chaotic 3-d graph is interesting too . great for scientific history buffs , but those looking for application for personal use , forget it
i can see the excitement , people get out of a gorefest but this is too much . all taboos have been broken there is nothing left . johnny cash should come back and torment the makers of this film for misusing one of cash 's songs . he would never have approved of this film . letting a newborn baby be come a zombie is beyond bad taste . johnny 's horsemen should trample the makers of this film into grimy puddles of gore
i bought this album on pure speculation it was an amazon recommondation and was uncharted waters for me . owning around <NUM> blues albums with close to <NUM> of them being lps . i had never listened to either of these guys . read the reviews and seemed like it would be a good venture . received my cd figuring it would be like most blues albums and would take several listens before it would start throwing its arms around me . wrong ! this is one of the few albums i own that nails you right out of the box ! it has been in my car stereo for around a month now and shows no indication of getting old.the first three tracks are non stop adrenalin guitar work with number three at just over <NUM> minutes just being a total piece of work . smooth like a well aged whiskey . the final track with guest singer is one of the more haunting blues pieces i 've ever heard . it 's one of the few pieces i know that actually brings you to the edge of reverse blues and makes you feel bad this track is also in the <NUM> minute time slot too . all and all you can just let this cd run and it becomes nice back gound music to what ever it is you are doing . all in the way classical music does . i 'd be surpised if any one really listening to this could give a bad rap ! this is a real guitar players record
ok , do n't get me wrong i 'm a major paul weller fan , since <NUM> , but apart from a couple a gems like 'solid bond ' and 'shout to the top ' this is weller at his worst.after the rise and rise of the jam , he tries to go all soulful and funky and misses by a mile.do n't waste your money on this rubbish , go buy the jam boxset and listen to weller at his most powerful and leader of the greatest band ever
i really wanted to like this film , but i just do n't get it . i have to agree with reviewer marc . if you love the type of european cinema which is slow , dark , and sinister , then you 'll like this . if you prefer something more lively , you wo n't .
no a very good video . poor quality . hard to follow . very much a cheat copy of the movie gettysburg .
this movie does not adress art in any way , shape , or form . do not be fooled
this book was something that i read in one day , just to pass the time . i really did n't care about the characters , and lara seemed just too unreal to be true . she was too much of scarlet o'hara in her dealings with a real estate world dominated by men . i only finished it to find out what crisis happened that gave her an empty birthday party , but when i finally came to the end , it was n't too satisfying
this has to be the worst western movie ever . i do believe the actors that appeared in this movie did it just to have the chance to work together , because honestly i ca n't find a logical reason why someone like gene hackman would actually appear in such a ridiculous flick . follow my advice on this one do not buy
i dont see what people like about this cd . my <NUM> month old son and i looked at each other in disgust when i first played it ! ! ! very irritaing cd dont buy it ! ! ! i am returning it today .
i got this book as a gift and i think after reading it '' only if it was that easy to forget about your pain ! '' i think the book tells us the strong link between the mind and pain but does n't offer anything new when it comes to solving the problem of pain through exercises which <NUM> % of todays experts say is the best solution to back or neck pain . invest in an updated book that tells you how to exercise anywhere
i 'm a fan of janet evanovich and her stephanie plum series , i think it 's laugh out loud funny . i did n't care for this story at all , it seemed sloppily constructed and i agree with other reviewers , lacked a story line or believable characters . i left off a few chapters into it , there was no point in finishing .
i have this little ( very little ) section in my dvd bookcase that houses bad dvd buys . currently `` the yards '' and `` ghost world '' are the only two dvds that are housed on that shelf . i do n't know what to say , except the preview at best buy drove me to buy it on the spot and i was extremely disappointed that night when i watched it . slow story , not enough character development . all i can say is do n't let it be a dust collector in your dvd collection , like mine is
when it comes to cheap productions , this awful little mess should rank near the top of the ( garbage ) heap . script , acting , and production values are nil , and it appears that the whole thing was shot with a home video camera ; however , it is far less entertaining than the average home video . it is an utterly pointless waste of time and money , and should be marketed only as a cure for insomnia . when compared with the bozos who made this film , ed wood looks like cecil b. demille , and that is a notable accomplishment indeed . the size of the budget does not determine the quality of the film ; however , when coupled with a dull and pointless script , sleepwalking actors , and the incredible ineptitude of the writer/director , the low budget does n't exactly recommend it . admirers of this film are certainly welcome to it ; those of us who are evidently not as intellectually gifted can live without it . the debate over this film is rather like the story , `` the emperor 's new clothes '' , in that those who look hard enough for something will generally see it , whether it exists or not . this sorry mess is n't worth the pomposity and arrogance with which some persons choose to approach it . personally , i find this film to be an abject waste , so number me among the numbskulls .
first of all floetic was a brilliant album and after i heard superstar on the radio i thought flo'ology was going to be a classic too . i was wrong . this album lacks originality , its inferior to be precise . the first time i popped this cd into the system , i found myself being friends with the skip forward button . the length of the records is despicable this cd is not worth having .... the only track that stands out for me is superstar and i think common is amazing
this book is plainly boring in every way . the plot should be replaced and the character was completely and utterly uninteresting . the first half of the story deserved a whopping rating of negative <NUM> stars , and the second half deserved roughly one star . if you have any intention of reading a book that you will cherish in your heart , then i suggest that you would please disregard this novel and find one that is more interesting , like `` barney goes to the zoo '' . do not , and i repeat : do not read this book . if you would like to take interest in this novel , save your money and check it out of the library or borrow it from a friend . you will be disappointed
`` things falling apart '' is the remix album that followed `` the fragile '' , and is remixes of material from that record . after the high standard set by `` further down the spiral '' , i had lofty expectations , and that could be effecting my opinion of this one , i largely found that this album falls short of its predecessor in all ways . it could be the choice of material -- largely sticking to the song forms , i think the remixers missed an opportunity to really place with something atmospheric and create something unique -- i mean , did we really need three versions of `` starf * * * ers , inc '' ? i find the original to be subpar , and remixing a weak song is n't going to produce a strong one , regardless of the efforts sherwood , oglivie , and clouser put into their remixes . ditto for hillibrandt 's take on `` the wretched '' -- its not one of the stronger pieces on the record . and where 's the remixes of `` we 're in this together '' or instrumentals like `` just like you imagined '' or `` complication '' ? this material has a depth and detail to it that suggest it could well receive a remix . now mind you , its not all bad on here , reznor and moulder 's reconstruction , `` the great collapse '' ( pulling in samples from at least a couple songs and layering them on top of a good beat ) is very listenable , benelli 's remix of `` the frail '' as a string piece may surpass the original in terms of delicate beauty , and the cover of gary numan 's `` metal '' is fantastic . but overall , this is somewhat of a weak effort
if you ever meet someone who you have heard is a fan of this book , stick a pin in their arm to see if they are alive
this guide to culinary careers is terribly overpriced for the information it contains . the quick descriptions of different culinary careers have some value , as do the appendices listing culinary publications and organizations . however , the career descriptions are quite short and the advice is unremarkable . on the topic of finding a culinary mentor , for example , the author advises you to find one . that 's pretty much it - no discussion on how to choose a suitable mentor , or how to convince an experienced professional to take you on as a protege . the book mentions the apprenticeship system but does n't explain how to find an apprenticeship . the section on choosing a culinary school/vocational program is much better , though . something trumpeted in both the book description here and on both covers of the actual book is the inclusion of up-to-date information on salary statistics and earning potential for the spectrum of culinary professionals . it must have been printed in invisible ink , because i do n't see it * anywhere * ( and yes , i have this exact edition ) . this promise was my primary motivation for getting the book , so i was very disappointed ( disgruntled , even ) that this information is not in the book after all . do n't spend money on this book unless you 're just looking for a quick overview of the career possibilities . that 's the one thing the author does well - it describes ( in brief ) a wide range of culinary careers beyond the obvious white-linen restaurant ones . this book could have been greatly improved if it had expanded on the career descriptions , perhaps including short interviews with actual culinary professionals , especially those in roles like institutional cooking or food research . of course it also would have been much better if it had actually included the promised salary information , too . it 's a good book to have in a library or career center , but it 's not much use for your home reference bookshelf
even if one is sympathetic to groothuis 's broad concern , one ca n't help but be disappointed with this text . this book is a bad regurgitation of other bad and reductive non-readings of ` pomo ' . groothuis depends way too highly on secondary ( and sometimes tertiary ) sources . it escapes me how a former reviewer could call this work ` scholarly . ' i suppose if one considers logic <NUM> tinged with the usual fundamentalist ` defender of the faith ' rhetoric and aura ( which hovers over every page ) , then this could be called ` scholarly . ' the big problem i found is that even when groothuis offers defensible criticisms , his alternatives end up being just as problematic as the positions he criticizes . for all his advocacy for a correspondence theory of truth , his tone betrays a penchant for certainty and formal coherence . he falls into the problem of the relation between thought and ` reality , ' representation to presentation , the role of language , and so forth . no doubt god comes to save the day with all these problems , yet on the very justificatory terms groothuis advocates for , god escapes the measure of correspondence and becomes its condition of possibility . in other words , god becomes a structural metaphysical function which ` saves ' groothuis 's truth from the skeptic . the problem , however , is that groothuis wants truth to be absolute , universal , and accessible to all , yet he is dependent on a moment ( i.e . faith ) which , by definition , retains a trace of contingency or ` objective ' undecidability . groothuis 's more ethical concerns are where i am more sympathetic , but again , here his polemics and non-reading of the people he criticizes drowned out whatever constructive points he offers . groothuis practices the same type of irresponsible reflection that some of the ` pomo ' evangelical 's do : uncriticality . here , philosophy and reflection - whether modern or postmodern - becomes a means to simply confirm and justify a complacent status quo , rather than challenging and transforming the status quo . the challenge presented in this book is for a nostalgic return to the good old days of christendom . jesus did not come to ` save ' our metaphysical systems , but to redeem us and this world . that redemption is not contingent upon accurate representations as groothuis seems to think . it is madness to the greek ( i.e . the logician ) and a stumbling block to the legalist ( i.e . moralistic hypocrites ) . the task is not to make the faith less crazy or more socially repressive . as james tells us , the measure of ` true ' faith - and here i will grant a type of reference - is that we ` attend to the widow and orphan . ' kerygma without service is dead , a worse lie than any humanism . perhaps if we began ` proving ' our faith , that is , manifesting its truth in radical service and justice - we could actually demonstrate the truth to which we testify . i guess it is much easier to ` defend the faith ' with bad arguments which only convince the already convinced , than to ` live the faith ' : serve the people no one gives a hoot about . after all , in the latter case one can not fancy oneself a hero in quite the same way .
i read so much about how `` creepy '' these holy grail of movies were . luckily , i did not buy the set . i rented it from a local store in philadelphia . i suggest renting them before making a purchase . i thought these movies were extremely dull , and not in the least frightening . tombs is the best of the four movies . but , it is really all downhill to the end . unless you 're a blind dead fanboy , save your money
this book is more about his autobiography , and albiet amusing at times , is n't a real investing book . his other one : jim cramer 's real money : sane investing in an insane world is much better
i bought this book because it was required ( a textbook for a class i was taking ) . because it was a college-level class , i was expecting a college-level textbook . that 's not what it is at all . the book is filled with color illustrations that are n't even very helpful . i was hoping for more reading and explanation of terms . illustrations are great if they are used right -- to compliment the text instead of replace it . i would n't recommend this book for someone who is serious about learning the ins and outs of networking
i give it one star for the dvd . i give the movie <NUM> stars or more if i could . starting out is , everyone who is a die hard fan of this movie knows this is suppose to be a widescreen motion picture . hell even on tnt high definition tv , they aired it in the right aspect so i had to tape it because ive never got to see it in its actual aspect . second of all the box art gives the whole movie away . being reason i say this is because of the poster art of the movie and the old warner vhs tape shows no sign of what kind of creature is cujo . i know it might not be a big deal to some people but when i first rented this movie , i was so curious about what cujo was , the box art and original theatrical poster art was so unique that you were guessing what kind of horror is this . well i know people are going to say , read the book dummy and you will know . well i am not a book reader but i was so excited to know what kind of killer was cujo and was a dog , i kinda had a hunch though . this movie is fantastic . one of those kinds that you could just sit there and feel that everything on the show was really actually happening and not just acting . that is a good movie ! one last thing . dont go buying this peice of junk dvd . wait until warner releases the true format and maybe some extra features to go along . they did it with the classic . lost boy
not quite the crapfest that was book <NUM> in the ringworld series , but still a gigantic disappointment coming from niven . children is plagued by the same things that made the previous novel so unbearable : flat , uninteresting characters , ridiculous names , obsession over interspecies sex for no reason other than to include sex in the story , and overall a poorly written plot . to be fair , i did n't come out of this one as bewildered as after ringworld throne - do n't even ask me to summarize that plot , i 've yet to come across a decent one myself , mostly because trying to figure it out can cause lasting brain damage . but even so , this novel is nowhere near the original ringworld novel , or even engineers for that matter . avoid if possible
i 'm a huge fan of pretty girls make graves . their first two albums really rocked the joint . but i 'm sorry to report that this album really does n't add up . it just does n't make much sense to me at all . there is none of that old magic which really made the other albums rock here ! instead they 've gone for a really lazy , laid back style which does n't hold yer interest . for example one song starts off with a crunchy rocking guitar riff , which sounds promising enough , but then it disappears and is replaced by a dull bass line and does n't re-appear at all . they then get bored of the bass line and move on to something else at which point the song ends ! ! the whole album goes like that . songs barely get going and then promptly end . the second guitar play has disappeared to ! which means you do n't get that cool guitar interplay sound which defined their other albums ( i reckon he was the talented one ) . they 've replaced 2nd guitar with a keyboard player who , i kid u not , puts samples of fireworks in one song ! ! ( i 've said enough ) c'mon people ! lets have a bit of structure/effort/balls . i heard that andrea 's vocals are shot n ' the doc said she had to cool it down , so i can only assume they are trying to change their direction or something .. but they are heading in the direction of dido or goldfrapp or something bad like that . i 've listened to the album about <NUM> times now and can honestly say not a single one really sticks out in my mind .. what d'you guys think about it ? i hope they get their acts together and recover from this droop . it 's like henry rollins said `` if you aint gon na put <NUM> % in do n't even bother ''
you got served was a horrible misrepresentation of what the b-boy scene is actually like and this instructional video pushes that misrepresentation even further . if you want to learn to breakdance buy the breakdance step-by-step dvd released by bboy.org or any of the films in the breakvision series
if you 're considering buying the peter smith `` edition '' of this book , note that it is not a new `` edition '' in hardcover but the vintage international edition rebound in red cloth , with the cover of said trade paperback glued onto the front . it looks like it 's been rebound for libraries , is the type of thing that 's usually not for sale to the general public ( . . . ) the book is well-rebound , and may still be worth it to you cormac mccarthy diehards out there -- it is for me , and ultimately i 'm just gon na keep the copy of it i bought , but it 's still quite disappointing . thought you deserved a warning , hope it came in time . mccarthy 's a great writer , of course -- feel a little guilty about the one-star , but it 's an issue of the edition , not the book
the contents of this activity book do not live up to the title . many are not `` on the go '' activities , let alone easy for little kids to follow without supervision . as a teacher , this proved to be a poor investment of my time and money . you would be best to not make the same mistake
i wish i had read these reviews before i bought the book . i would have saved myself $ 26.00 . as an american who has traveled and now lives in europe part of the year i was continually appalled at how she maligned other travelers . she writes of being invited to be a guest speaker on a cruise ship and insults in print all of the other passengers . she had a free trip while others paid , but she ridiculed everyone . i was totally horrified of the things that she said about her former father-in-law . those statements had no relevance to the book and they do not belong in public print . this man is the grandfather of her daughter . i am astounded at how she thrashed him publicly . her book consisted mainly of telling the reader what town she was in , what was wrong with it and the rest of the chapter boring us with what books she was reading and quoting other authors , and relaying in detail every morsel that her and her husband ate . i have visited and even lived in several of the towns she wrote about . of the ones i have not been to unfortunately , nothing she wrote made me want to visit them . i am an avid reader of travel books and essays . i will never again read anything by frances mayes .
this is a collection of the cream of the cream of the great american songbook by a rock'n'roll singer who contributes nothing at all to american culture . this rate # <NUM> is to express my deep deception about the successful album series . over exposed material which has been treated so many different ways by so many different vocalists with artistry should be treated respectfully . i am not a dictator but i would vote for a law that would impose respect for some art expressions which represents the treasure of american culture . more than that , the series success reflects lack of understanding of the music context by people who should search for entertainment in a more valid and truer way . that 's the deal : there is truth missing , there is a sensation of a money-make production . mellow and arrangements , neglectable performances , lacking creativeness . to be completely forgotten some years ahead .
the least of the big <NUM> of disaster movies ( the others being `` poseidon adventure '' and `` towering inferno '' ) that hit across movie screens in the mid 1970s . the sensurround gimmick obviously doesnt work when seen on tv , the screenplay and acting are pedestrian , and the special effects now look a cut above flash gordon serials .
i was not happy with this purchase . this video only taught <NUM> min . of teaching followed by <NUM> min of a porn flick at the end . the teaching was informative balanced with different women with various shapes and builds , i could have used more teaching and less of a porn show . this was a waste of money ! there are a few more reviews like mine so take our advise .
instead of buying the whole album , do yourself and your wallet a favor by only downloading only one song considering they all sound exactly the same . on the other hand , if you like talentless droning , lack of depth and variety which can only be compared to watching the landscapes change while driving through nebraska , then feel free to waste your money on this mockery of an album
buy it so you can set it on fire . it 'll be one of the most enjoyable experiences you 'll ever have . trust me on this one . it 's like the biggest smallest victory one could ever achieve
i bought this book thinking it would be a more specicfic musculoskeletal companion to braddom 's generalized pm & r textbook . unfortunately the treatment paragraphs ( most important section from my perspective ) for each topic were very thin and nonspecific . they were woefully inadequate for an attending or physiatry resident . i sent the book back which unfortunately meant i did n't get to critique the dvd .
the charming <NUM> musical is not the subject of this note . the show is great and the liner notes are superb . however , consumers should note that there is a critical flaw in the mastering ( at least on the disc version that i obtained ) . it is very unfortunate that the manufacturers did not pull this mis-mastered version from the market . as noted elsewhere ( and absolutely correct ) , an entire track of sound is lost and can only be heard distantly in the background . if the problem is corrected and later discs are ok , it just compounds the problem with no way to know if you have a flawed disc or an ok disc . a most unfortunate problem for what should be a joyous recording
first of all , the delivery man is n't that much of an album . why would anyone want a bonus disc of bad remixes or live versions ? ? ? you folks are right - this reissuing business is just plain stupid . i 've been a costello fan for over <NUM> years , but i 'll tell you what , my collection stopped at the ryko reissues ! as for the stuff he 's put out since the universal switch - i 've burned them all off the copies that my local library system gets ( at least one person on their buying staff is a costello fan - ai n't i lucky ? ) . sorry e , but i spent too much of my ( and other people 's ) money on buying these `` elusive '' rare tracks - that are still in print all these years later . i 'll believe this stuff is rare when rhino ceases the bonus discs and just reissues the old catalog in their original 11-20 song discs . in the meantime , i 've got a box of old costello 45s and picture sleeves for sale . any takers
i could n't believe that i bought this crap . i did n't learn anything from this book . it has so little content . most of the book is an appendix listing the stocks on the nasdaq . this is most likely an attempt to make money from the day trading craze . i bought this because of the last few glowing recommendations but they must have been paid to write it . do n't buy this book . there are better ones out there that provides better details on day trading
thank god i got this from the library and did n't buy it . it 's terrible . and the ending is so abrupt i turned the next page expecting to read more and was shocked that the book was over . the sex is icky and there 's little else in the book
after seeing the overhyped `` american gothic '' , i must say that i came away disappointed . what you have here is a movie that was constructed in the mold of the original `` the texas chainsaw massacre '' where you have some unsuspecting people coming up on a crazed homicidal family . unfortunately , the family really comes off looking goofy and silly more than dangerous and deadly . i would certainly rather come upon ma and pa 's family than leatherface and his family if you know what i mean . `` american gothic '' does a decent job of painting a crazy family portrait for sure , but ma , pa and company just do not exactly strike fear in the viewer 's heart ... they just are not that formidable as far as their prowess as horror movie villains . the kills are not too bad , but certainly are not anything to write home about . the acting is okay and production values are not too bad for a movie of this nature . i just did not like the way that ma and pa 's family came across to the viewer ... they come across more weird than horrifying , more eccentric than anything else and not exactly dangerous . do n't get me wrong ... obviously , they killed some people , but i was not convinced in the manner in which this was done or in the family 's disposition as brutal killers . also , i felt that the ending was rather weak and very predictable . i guess they just do not make them like they used to anymore . in short , the way i look at `` american gothic '' is that if the original `` texas chainsaw massacre '' is a five stars horror movie , then this movie , comparatively speaking , is certainly worth no more than one star ... it is what it is folks !
of all the hateful self-centered characters and idiotic plot lines in this movie , the one i found most offensive was the one involving emilio estevez/andie macdowell . is n't stalking hilarious ? and is n't kirby the cutest obsessed stalker you 've ever seen ? i bet stalking victims everywhere wish their stalker was a lovable as little kirby . i also loved at the end when ally sheedy tells andrew mccarthy and judd nelson that she just wants them `` all to be friends '' . to which they both reply the classic cinema line , `` ehhhh ... ok. '' wow . now that 's drama .
this movie smacks of sub-par quality . unlike its two predecessors which are far superior , blade iii is plagued with a poor script , an unqualified director ( sorry , david goyer is no director ) , and a storyline that sputters in closing out what would have been one of the best comicbook-to-film trilogies in the marketplace . think godfather iii in the godfather series and you 'll know why to bypass this awful film . this movie simply lacks the raw emotional and psychological underpinnings that established and refined the blade character in the first two films . without these attributes , the follow-on action and violence in the film ( an artistic staple in the blade franchise ) even lacks the heart-stopping emotional quality you 'd expect . what you get is a convoluted story with no momentum and characters ( including snipes 's blade ) who are all dressed up with no where to go . rated or unrated , avoid this dvd at all cost . it is n't worth the money or the effort .
in an era of batman begins , sin city , spiderman , and <NUM> , it 's easy to forget that there was a time when a movie based on a comic book was n't a sure thing . for an example of a spectacular misfire , spawn comes to mind ; the movie was so obsessed with making the film look like a comic book that it actually felt like you were watching a comic book , complete with isolated panels , minimal movement , and jarring transitions between scenes . one moment spawn 's threatening some guy and the next he 's standing on some building with his really fabulous cloak whipping in the wind . similarly , superman is a visually beautiful movie that has nowhere to go . the iconic scenes of superman basking in the sun 's rays , or hovering about the earth listening for crime , or when he 's actually doing something heroic ( which happens far too infrequently ) fail to cover up the complete lack of a coherent plot . for example : superman 's been gone for years ... one assumes that whatever he discovered on his long journey would have something to do with the plot . nope . lex luthor has discovered superman 's fortress of solitude and plans to create an entire continent out of a hybridized kryptonite . surely that means superman wo n't even be able to get near the place , right ? nope . once said `` continent '' shows up , it 's clear that the whole thing is patently uninhabitable . this is lex 's big plan , to create a rock formation and play cards while he waits for ... people to call him and offer him money or something ? surely he must have more up his sleeve ? nope . heck , the world 's changed a lot since superman 's been gone , right ? would n't it make sense to really pound home how different earth is , with it 's global warming , crazy politics , and pop starlets ? nope . instead , the crazy new world is supposed to be summed up with a kid taking a picture of superman with his cell phone -- that 's right , the kid scooped the daily planet with just his camera phone ! is n't that wacky ? superman returns is very much a movie in love with the original and , while visually faithful , it 's a very poor imitation . yes , brandon routh looks like a spitting image of christopher reeves , but he has no real acting chops to display since he barely speaks . kate bosworth is far too young and whiny as lois lane , jimmy olsen ( sam huntington ) still wears a bowtie for some reason , and the rest of the cast is too caught up in being iconic comic book characters to be memorable . even the amazing kevin spacey can only be a marginally cartoonish lex luthor , jarringly transforming into a murderous thug at the movie 's climax . the pacing is all wrong . superman saving lois from a plane crash is great . superman fighting criminals with belt-fed chain guns is excellent . superman drowning , superman moping , superman frustrated over lois lane , superman convalescing in a friggin ' hospital ? not great . superman returns has its moments , and if you squint your eyes it almost feels like the magic from the first movie has been captured . but then it 's gone and the movie drags , and drags , and drags . superman has been co-opted to be a christ-like father-son parable and on the way bryan singer forgot what made the first superman movie so great : it was fun ! i could have made a better movie with my camera phone .
so-so story about a man 's relationship with a less than pleasant child star and said child star 's mother . like that old dickie roberts movie , it tries to say something about the plight of former and soon to be former child stars , but does not do a good job of it . mickey rooney and shirley temple , where are you when we need you ?
there is much wisdom to be gained from aboriginal culture , but the `` wisdom '' in this book is not aboriginal , but rather made up by the author . she should have based her book on real aborigines and shared their true culture , or based it on a totally fictional population . that way readers would not believe the lies she tells about australia . the book does make one think about the many flaws of our western culture which is good , but to do so while corrupting a native culture is simply appalling . she should not be profiting from this book
im not really writing this review to sway anyone 's opinion of it . tastes are different from person to person . some may love this book , others may hate it , and a few will think its okay , that is just the way things are . i only wanted to share my opinion about it , because oddly enough it stirs up strong emotions within me whenever i think about it . the first time i read this book i hated it . i have read it again since then and upon finshing it twice i still do n't like this book at all . yet , during both times that i read it i could not put the book down . this is the bizarre duplicitous nature of the relic . i do not like the story or the characters , but still i have been drawn in . as much as i hate to admit it i consider this book to be a real page-turner . i do n't think i need to go into the plot so i will list the offenses this book commits ( once again this is just my opinion ) . predictability - i dont think i was surprised even once while reading this book . it gives you the kind of cut and pasted characters that are far to overused these days . from the first time a character is introduced you can pretty much tell whether they are in it for the long haul , or merely here to serve as entree 's for the monster . the outcome of most of the situations presented are easily deciphered if given any thought at all . not to spoil any surprises but i 'll give you one guess what happens when we are informed that the museum the beast haunts has a security system with solid metal doors that fall into place to cut off a supposed thief 's escape route . throw in the fact that we are informed of this right before a gala premier of the museums ' new attraction in which hundreds of guests will be attending and ... well i think you allready know where this is going . poor characters - all your cliche 's are here . from the overworked , underappreciated heroine , who puts all the pieces together , to the museums management staff who refuse to shut down the museums ' premier even after numerous , grisly murders . why ? do you ask . because of revenues of course . i wonder if the museums ' head director wears the same suits as the mayor from the movie jaws . if the characters arent fulfilling the role as a needed cliche ' then they are doing the exact opposite that any sane person would do . if i heard strange noises in a closed section of the museum i was gaurding , especially after the fact that at least two horrific murders were commited in the vicinity , i would call for backup before i investigated . of course i am sane , so reverse what i would have done and you get the basic course of action most of the people in this book take . unbelievability - there were many times while reading this book when i had to stop and say , `` give me a break . '' i also used the expressions , `` oh , please '' , and `` that is so stupid ! '' . many times we are expected to deny common sense , and reason so that the story can progress . of course if you had a monster that could be killed like any other animal on this planet , then this book would probably only be <NUM> pages long . so in an effort to stretch it out to <NUM> or so pages you need a creature that can be described as nothing short of the animal equivalent of a sherman tank . im not kidding , this monkey-lizard is shot no less than <NUM> times and probably a great deal more with no ill effects . i do n't want to give anything more away , but there will be many times when you will find something hard to believe in this book . many `` what a rip-off '' moments - to often while reading this book i found myself comparing it to some other book or movie that had come before it . there is a reason so many people compare this book to jurrasic park , many plot points and supposed surprises seem to be taken right out of chricton 's book . so instead of putting the quote `` far above chricton 's jurassic park '' on the cover of the relic , i would have put `` not above taking ideas from better books '' . put jurrasic park , congo , and jaws in a blender and you have the relic . this `` borrowing '' of ideas seems so bad at times that i wouldnt be surprised if for every copy of the relic sold micheal chricton received royalties . once again i feel compelled to mention that for all its stupidity , and predictability , i could not put this book down . for that reason alone this book is probably worth reading , and sharing with your friends . then you can all sit down and compare notes on how many times you each found an instance where you found yourself thinking of another , probably better , book
if you 've listened to alison krauss , you 've heard the best . rhonda 's arrangements and voice were adequate , but nothing special , and i doubt i 'll listen to the cd again .
this review is about the regular edition dvd , not the criterion one . the dvd is a piece of garbage . it claims to be widescreen , but it is not . it is encoded at a fullscreen dvd ratio with letterboxes . not only does this waste space , but it gives the picture actually a smaller resolution than it should have as a dvd . i would n't be surprised if they took a pan & scan print and chopped off the top and bottom , like the back to the future box set fiasco . i will be comparing to my friend 's copy he taped off tv to see if it is so
i was distressed and disgusted with `` sometimes i dream '' being a rip-off of `` e lucevan le stelle '' , from tosca . he 's not the singer for me .... and his cover of `` nights in white satin '' was very ho-hum . justin hayward should have stayed with the moody blues for that one
ca n't understand what all the fuss is over this movie . it 's cute but so boring . i could hardly stay awake .
the disks in this set are double sided and there are problems . one or two of the episodes are unreadable . we returned the first set , which had an entire unreadable side on one of the cd 's . the replacement was better , but not perfect . the single sided cd 's in other sets are much better and highly reliable as to quality . double sided just have built in flaws and i wish they would discontinue them .
this movie is so freakin stupid . yes its funny ... but so very dumb . not good dumb ; bad dumb . terribly , painfully stupid . funny at times . best avoided or taken in small doses
as much as i like most of the songs on this cd ... it 's just too short . also the production is lousy . the recording quality sounds awful in places . hopefully , the updated compilations are better . this one is not worth the money ! ! !
this is a dumb boring movie . i actually think this movie would be better to watch in 2d than 3d . the 3d in this movie sucks badly , and in order to really appreciate the campiness of the bad acting , direction , characters , and storyline -- one must not be waiting in eager anticipation for 3d scenes that simply do not deliver . if you are looking for good 3d -- please do not buy this . these `` reviewers '' who review this movie either have an affiliation with the studio that released it or simply have not really experienced any good 3d movies and are just reviewing out of ignorance . the field sequential in this movie is horrible , due mostly to the fact that so much of the movie takes place indoors- inside small cramped looking rooms that do not offer up any depth of field ! ! i dont care if the entire movie is shot in field sequential ...... if there is no depth to the picture ... then there is no real 3d ! if you are looking for beyond excellent 3d , then get yourself a copy of `` alien adventure '' , `` encounter in the third dimension '' , or `` the haunted castle '' . i have reviews of all these movies movies in my profile ..... i love horror , i love 3d , and i love cult and b movies but this movie just could not hold my interest for long . i have stopped and started it <NUM> times since i have received it , and have yet to finish the end of the movie . again ..... maybe in 2d -- but stay away from the lousy 3d version . it downright sucks
guerrilla warfare : che guevara by ernesto guevara warning this book seems intended to make martyrs over the years this book has proved far more useful to mislead potential guerrillas than to educate them . the handmade weaponry described are ineffective and or failed tools of war . the tactics suggested have led to defeat in the americas and in africa . the cause described has never helped the poor and down trodden . one could readily ponder if the real intent was to make martyrs for the cause of mythical communist paradise . one wonders how many , aside from the author , died violently because of all the above .
unfortunately , this freshman effort from writer/director maria maggenti and her two lead actresses reeks of amateurism . littered with painful dialogue and clunky performances , `` two girls in love '' is implausible and inauthentic to the point of embarrassment . for a more believable ( as well as more intelligent and erotic ) young lesbian love story , check out the understated and off-beat bbc production , `` my summer of love '' ( <NUM> ) . a similarly themed film that 's downright hilarious - and with a killer score to boot -- `` but i 'm a cheerleader '' ( <NUM> ) is a gem . from the same year , `` better than chocolate '' has it all - humor , originality , plot , dialogue , performances , and sensuality . the only incredible thing about `` two girls in love '' is that it got released in the first place , as without its lesbian twist it 's little more than a third-rate romeo and juliet tale
there are two ways i can describe this book : as an assigned essay on & quot ; how i spent my vacation , & quot ; in which it might receive a passing grade in high school ; or as a visit by your brother-in-law , the one you never really liked but tolerated for your sister 's sake , who shares his superficial ideas as if they were deep insights . i suppose there are people who will voluntarily submit to either , but i 'm not one of them . the author ( he can only be called a writer in the most literal sense ) has no insight to speak of , is manifestly incompetent at background research , and lacks any useful power of description . he really should look up the meanings of words like & quot ; masquerade & quot ; and & quot ; circumvent & quot ; before he uses them . . . the real mystery is how something like this ever gets published
i thought i had found the secret to making delicious artisan sourdough bread . i made the starter using grapes but sadly the bread was not up to my expectations . this book turned out to be a waste of money . the secret to the bread i am looking for was n't in this book . i have tried ed wood 's book and starters , the special baparoma steam pan , etc . but am still searching for the perfect bread
disappointed with the written content . too much irrelevant , adolescent street jargon . illustrations were poor as were the written descriptions of techniques . overall a disappointing buy
it took me less than a day and a half to read this book . and thats not because i was `` glued to it '' or `` thought it was a real page-turner '' but basically because it was a real fast read . however , this book , as i stated , is a perfect example of stephen king 's boredom with writing horror/fiction . his work within the last decade especially , has taken some well deserved criticism . based on the concept that most of his recent books are churned out in a `` cookie-cutter '' method . now , do n't get me wrong , king is responsible for some of the most compelling stories ever . stories that seem to transcend the `` horror genre '' , and incorporate elements of mystery , romance , and drama . however , this is not one . i would rate this book only behind `` insomnia '' as the most insipid king novels i 've ever read . i do n't know how to explain it to those who have not read most of king 's work . but for those who have , it will make sense when i say that about a quarter of the way into the book , i found myself thinking `` oh .... it 's going to be another one of these stories huh ? '' these meaning a really generic character , and a foreseeable `` generic '' villian , ultimately squaring off in a very `` generic '' ending . halfway through , i could already see how it was going to end . and this is one of those books where king 's references to east coast culture are going to take precedence over the quality of the finished product . some examples of king 's finest work would be `` the talisman '' , `` night shift '' ( the best collection of short horror stories ever ) , the shining , the `` dark tower '' sieries , and the stand , just to name a few . and if you have not read any of `` the bachman books '' ( king as bachman ) `` rage '' , `` the long walk '' , road work '' , and `` the running man '' , are some of the most well written , and mind-bending stories ever told . this , however , is n't . and unless you can purchase this book for under $ 2.00 do n't waste your money , or your time .
i wanted to like this one . i really did . my son loves hand clap games and board books so it seemed like a natural fit . he just seemed to hate the repetition in this one . the sounds/words/rhythm are the same page in and page out and by page <NUM> , he was acting like he does when i try to read a book to him a second time to avoid getting up to get another . ( he 's seen it before and he knows it .
it 's too bad that clive cussler changed collaborators on his `` oregon files '' series . this was terrible ! i could n't even finish it . i read a lot in all different genres so i feel that i 'm a little qualified to comment on a book i have read . it dragged , some of the characters were changed and even though i know you have suspend disbelief , i could n't keep my eyes open . golden buddha and sacred stone were much better
let me start off by saying that after extensive therapy , i feel that i 'm finally able to write this review . i 've been reading some of the other comments on this board and all i can say is that i 've never been an advocate of hindering people 's right to free speech ... until now . i just got finished listening to jeffery gaines 's version of in your eyes and i have two burning questions that just wo n't go away . first of all , where is it that the other contributors to this board buy their smoke ? and secondly , why did n't mr. gaines just cover peter gabriel in gasoline , strike a match , and call it even ? on the other hand , i must agree with a few of these people on one point : this version of in your eyes evokes emotions in me i never thought i had the capacity to realize . i honestly ca n't say i blame anyone who finds their eyes welling up with tears when confronted with this towering monument to mediocrity -- i had the same experience myself . and as for those wisened souls who feel this version has some measure of value and , in fact , & quot ; blows peter gabriel 's version out of the water , & quot ; here 's a thought for you to tax your proton-sized brains over : a nuclear bomb can blow many things out of the water , but that does n't make it a good thing to inflict on innocent people . but if , after considering this , you still arrive at your original conclusion , there 's only one course of action i can self-respectingly recommend . take your own life . do it now before it 's too late
i am a big fan of the pretender series and i just wanted to share my disappointment 's on season <NUM> where it 's an ending of a comedy season and not a fun season that we 've seen in first <NUM> seasons . i believe they ran out of ideas and they just wanted to fill in the blanks and put any crap . i was really disappointed . : ( i recommend no one to buy it , not to mention it 's pretty expensive as it is .
dean winters , doing his best impression of ben affleck , stars in this , the sixth installment in the constantly withering `` hellraiser '' franchise . in `` hellraiser : hellseeker , '' his character , trevor gooden is married to good ol ' kirsty cotton , who we remember from the first three films . trouble is , she seemingly dies in a car wreck less than ten minutes into the movie and trevor has one massive headache trying to figure out what happened . let it be known that history does repeat itself . just like `` hellraiser iii : hell on earth '' and `` hellraiser : bloodline , '' this one takes the series further into shame and embarassment . it 's a direct-to-video sequel , but c'mon , we expect better than this . maybe `` hellseeker '' was a good script at some point , but when they decided to throw pinhead and kirsty into the mix , it got lost . see , these characters serve little to no purpose in the plot . they are just gimmicks , placed within a story to draw in viewers and feed off a legendary title . this is not a `` hellraiser '' movie . a healthy chunk of it just adds up to a sub-standard psychological thriller , nothing else . in fact , pinhead and kirsty hardly come into play until the final <NUM> minutes , which feel like a remake of the original movie . i like to think i have an open mind when it comes to movies , and horror in particular . but this movie is a joke . the producers obviously masked an incomplete script to pass it off as a `` hellraiser '' movie ( ala `` american psycho <NUM> '' ) and should n't think for one second that we ca n't tell the difference . the end result is full of plot-holes , loose ends , inconsistencies , etc . etc . if you can make any sense out what you saw or if you can even call it a movie at the very end , you 're a better person than me
i ca n't understand the good reviews given by others to this movie . frankly , i thought it was a dog . not to say that it had no redeeming features - the friendship between the young girl and the lawn man was endearing , if improbable . and the girl herself was a real sweetie , and a good actress - perfect for the part . in fact , the acting all around was admirable . but the script ! yikes ! not a single character in the whole movie - with the partial exceptions of the two protagonists - had any motivation for anything they did . people acting awkward or mean ( in fact , just about everyone in the movie other than said two was mean ) , or spiteful , or stupid , for no reason at all ! it seems as though somehow , the movie could have been good , but did n't make it . call it almost watchable . i came away from lawn dogs ( yawn dogs ? ) feeling not at all enriched . puzzled , perhaps , at why anyone would make such a movie . well , there was that admirable , unlikely friendship . but that was all . pass this one by
this is the first book by deaver that i have read . apparently there are a couple of prequels to this novel involving the same main characters -- i will never read them . deaver has adequate style and a talent for pacing a mystery thriller . he also has some skill in character development ; however , he only applies this skill to the secondary characters in this story . perhaps the main characters in this story appeared so flat to me because i have not read the other novels in this series , but judging by their inconsistent behavior , bizarre motivations , and the melodramatic dialogue in this novel i doubt the other books could be much better . worse than deaver 's hackneyed mystery cut-out-characters is his insistence that the reader be willing to accept the most unbelievable and unlikely situations for the sake of a dramatic situation or plot twist . like many other second-drawer mystery writers , deaver portrays such notable organizations as the fbi , ins , us coast guard , and the nypd as ridiculously inept and corruptible . nor has he made any attempt to research the actual policies and procedures that these organizations would follow in the situations presented in the story . deaver also has a poor grasp on the politics of international economics . this is normally excusable in a mystery writer , but since deaver sets chinese/american economics as the foundation of his final plot twist the whole story comes crashing down in the final chapters of the novel . a note to deaver and other mystery writers : it is not a requirement for a great detective to be a pompous jerk and an abrasive know-it-all . it has been <NUM> years since doyle introduced the world to sherlock holmes , and we have had <NUM> years of mediocre mystery writers plagiarizing doyle 's character . please try to be original . and also , if the final `` twist '' in your story is so complicated and so unbelievable that you must expend two chapters in trying to explain it , perhaps it should n't be there in the first place . i give this book a d .
like many of the other reviewers , i found this book frought with recipe mistakes ( or are they just sloppily written ? ) . however , many of the recipes , with adaptation , become quite nice .... the problem being that you must have enough cooking knowledge to know how to adapt recipes . what 's great about this book , though , is the plethora of information about food itself , mini-articles about things like mushrooms , green tea and how to grow your own herbs make for some great and informative reading . interesting and a great idea , but very poorly executed . a good and thorough revision would make this book wonderful , but this edition is just not that great
i fell in love with the anne of green gables series when someone loaned us the first movie . i immediately went out and bought the books and found the 2nd movie that sullivan made . the first two movies were outstanding and did an excellent job of telling montgomery 's story of anne . like many other fans of anne , i anxiously awaited the third movie , hoping to see the marriage of anne and gilbert and the beginning of their married life and the starting of their family . there is wonderful drama in the books of this period of their lives . i thought , too , that a final movie would be very successful if it dealt with the wartime drama situated around anne & gilbert 's oldest daughter , rilla . what sullivan presented , however , after two wonderful movies , was not only a desecration of montgomery 's writings , but also just a bad movie . if you have recently discovered anne of green gables and love these tremendous stories , i strongly recommend that you buy the first two movies . by staying close to the text , sullivan managed to deliver two incredible movies , and meegan follows is simply incredible . based upon sullivan 's commentary 's in the movies , however , we should consider ourselves lucky he got these movies right , because he really does n't seem to `` get '' what makes montgomery 's stories so wonderful . this is even more apparent with the 3rd movie , which i can only guess sullivan put out there to try and make some extra money . first of all , it has nothing to do with montgomery 's actual stories . sullivan should have kept to directing and left story telling to montgomery . second , the movie is just bad . it was a couple of hours that , unfortunately , i 'll never get back again . as other reviewers have commented , i own the first two movies and love to watch them with my family . they are * perfect * family movies with incredible stories and superb acting . the last movie should n't even be considered part of the story . it 's bad . do n't waste any money on it
i ca n't compare learn to program with c++ to any other c++ books , because this is the only one i have read so far . all in all , unfortunately , the book has turned out to be a failure . i simply did n't get out of the book what i wanted : an elementary introduction to the language . at times , it seemed the author was using phrases that he had never used before , as if he had explained them before at some point . bizarre , yes . he made the assumption that some of his terminology was either very simple to pick up on , or was already covered . it was n't simple or already covered . also , perhaps equally bothersome , the author talks too much about the students in his fictitous class . make note that there actually no classroom with the students he is always talking about . what is probably most bothersome is that he often repeats the same things over such as `` i waited to see if anyone else had a question . '' he is the one writing the book , of course he knows if one of his characters is going to ask a question or not ! remarkable . the interaction between him and his students may upset some people just because there are no actual students . as far as the book being easy to read , well , the introduction is , but you may get lost after that . i did . it is possible that c++ is to blame , or may be it is how the author presents the language
i personally started liking tim robbins from shawshank redemption & sean penn from dead man walking and i believe these were the movies these guys should have recieved oscar for their outstanding roles . keeping than in mind and seeing lot of recommendations i saw mystic river which the review said was the best as far as clint eastwood was concerned again he had adapted another movie , bridges of madison county , which in my personal opinion was much better adaptation of a novel . the story line eventhough is good about three friends meeting again by fate and all the script is not that strong . i actually fell asleep in between . off the cast my personal belief is kevin bacon was really good . sure tim robbins plays a character of sexually abused child with lot of conviction but even that was potrayed better in shawshank redemption where he is abused by a few inmates . and the end is kind of loose . give it a mis
there are a lot of songs on this cd that i do n't remember & do n't really care for . however , the sound quality is good . take the time to listen to all the samples before buying
despite the mixed reviews the critics and other viewers may have given this movie , this is really pretty sick stuff , with little or no redeeming social context . objectively , sick just is n't erotic , no matter how hard one may try to rationalize to make it so . those who think differently really ought to either : ( a ) focus a little more ; ( b ) examine their true motives ; or ( c ) get a life
first , i hardly ever write reviews ... but after this story , i needed to state something . second , i am not considered a conservative and relatively open minded . third , i always appreciate history and culture ... and understand this story was handed down through generations . however , never reading this story myself and reading it to my three and a half year old for the first time - i had to stop half way through the book after realizing the heart of the story surrounds a monkey killing a baby owl and the jungle searches for the killer while the mother owl grieves . to complement the story , there is an illustration of the monkey ( snarl showing sharp teeth ) hitting the baby owl over the head with a branch ... not a bedtime story for this family . it was given as a gift , and will be returned shortly ..
the theme is interesting enough - an american inmate of a british lunatic asylum contributes much to the creation of oed . unfortunately the book does n't have much beyond the outline of the theme . as some other reviewers have noted , it would have made a decent magazine article , but instead it is filled out to book length with repetition , semi relevant trivia , and melodramatic hyperbole of the `` superior '' victorian english kind
i waited in angst to see this movie when it came out on hbo . i love the rat pack and could n't wait to hear the music . i thought the cast was excellent . the problem was the music for sinatra , was n't sinatra singing . the result obviously for a fan is pure dissapointment to say the least . maybe people who do n't realize this will like the film and rate it <NUM> stars . like i said ... could have been a great movie , it just was n't . you ca n't blame the actors . who are great ! who would n't want to have played these parts
there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound , then they are . the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable `` crash '' , but at least that was ( somewhat ) assuaged by strong performances . this -- arguably the worst `` mainstream '' motion picture of <NUM> -- is redeemed by nothing . an excruciatingly long <NUM> hours , and as much as i ( usually ) enjoy george clooney , i might never forgive him for this drek
have you ever heard a song that finds its way into your head , going round and round and round - but you ca n't place the title of it , or the group ? so it was with me , and `` dazz '' , put out by a group called `` brick '' in the 70s . imagine my delight when i heard a similar track on my xm car radio , which displays the title and group of every song played . a little research , and , voila , i had found the origin of that song which was playing in my memory ..... but , alas , the song in my memory was approximately <NUM> minutes long , with absolutely tremendous flute and bass solo 's . i ordered the `` best of brick '' ..... imagine my disappointment when it turned out to be the 3-minute version of the song . subsequent research on the web , and amazon , indicates that there is currently no cd with the long track of dazz . a real shame . if you 're looking for the long version of dazz , do n't waste your money on this cd .
ok , i started bass and i got this book , it is not worth buying ! under any circumstances ! it walks you though laim exercises , and has about <NUM> pages on the same scale ( major ) just in different keys ! this is a very very poor book
i bought this album on pure speculation it was an amazon recommondation and was uncharted waters for me . owning around <NUM> blues albums with close to <NUM> of them being lps . i had never listened to either of these guys . read the reviews and seemed like it would be a good venture . received my cd figuring it would be like most blues albums and would take several listens before it would start throwing its arms around me . wrong ! this is one of the few albums i own that nails you right out of the box ! it has been in my car stereo for around a month now and shows no indication of getting old.the first three tracks are non stop adrenalin guitar work with number three at just over <NUM> minutes just being a total piece of work . smooth like a well aged whiskey . the final track with guest singer is one of the more haunting blues pieces i 've ever heard . it 's one of the few pieces i know that actually brings you to the edge of reverse blues and makes you feel bad this track is also in the <NUM> minute time slot too . all and all you can just let this cd run and it becomes nice back gound music to what ever it is you are doing . all in the way classical music does . i 'd be surpised if any one really listening to this could give a bad rap ! this is a real guitar players record
could have been a truly interesting film , just plain simpleminded and annoying
talk about a waste of time ! i was wondering if it was just me so i asked several friends who dutifully read this prize winner and they said they could barely get through it . it is boring , tells you instead of shows you , hyperactively jumps around the timeline like a flea and provides no payoff at all . i also found the protrayal of the grandmother 's flirtation with islam to be shallow , un-informed , unbelievable and ultimately dismissive . do n't waste your time on this or your money . luckily i had picked it up at a book sale for $ 0.25 , about what it was worth
the time travel issue ( a wierd thing about a box getting smaller ) is better solved in the movie . and that thing about lady claire ? ? i ca n't believe that an intelligent woman could only get by in those times by literally becoming a prostitute
women in america are so fun to be with , so wonderful , and so full of life , it 's sad the men in this country have n't taken notice of them . this book points the finger where it is needed most - at the menfolk ! while we do face a <NUM> % divorce rate and a <NUM> % separation rate in this country with 65+ % of those divorces and separations initiated by the wives of those marriages , and women are overwhelmingly favored to receive alimony and child support over men in family court , this should be of no concern to men . oh , and also if you have a woman in your home or are married to her for a short while , you may be liable for a huge amount of palimony or alimony . oh , and evidentiary due process is not required for you to be convicted of domestic violence in family court . you may end up losing your children , house , bank account and freedom if your wife decides she is bored and wants to `` move on '' . uhhh , never mind ...
i remember hearing about this book by the great patriot sean hannity sometime in <NUM> , then it was a mere idea . from that time on , until august 20th <NUM> , i waited for what i thought would be the greatest book of all time . i remember seeing the cover art and hearing about the title : `` let freedom ring '' with not just a picture of sean hannity on the cover , patriot that he is , but also a flag . i loved it , could n't be more happy . well , the day of the book 's release , i took a day off work ( i 've never missed a day of work before in my life ) , and rushed to get this book . it looked better than i ever imagined . with the flag on the cover and the title of `` let freedom ring , '' i thought , finally , technology has caught up to our patriotism . i expected a book filled with flags , flags with sound effects . maybe some firework sound effects . boy was i wrong . i opened the book only to the colors black and white . no red . no blue . no stars and stripes . i quickly turned the pages , looking , searching for flags . i found none , no sound effects either , no fireworks . at that point , i went into a <NUM> year long depression . i nearly committed suicide at several points . it 's only now that i can bring myself to review this man 's book , patriot that he is . i say this so you know what you 're getting yourself into . there are no flags , no stars and stripes , no fireworks , no sound effects . i have since recovered , but only because of old stars and stripes . i went back to teaching last year , not fully recovered , and my colleagues , knowing how much i love america and the stars and stripes , suggested i have my class do a research project : find the most patriotic book ever made . the methodoloy was simple : a book made out of flags with flag pictures would score high , a book that was not made out of a flag or flags and had no pictures of flags would score the lowest . we found some very good books and they did cheer me up . the one that was the most patriotic by far was a book called `` president jesus : how jesus wrote the constitution , freed the slaves , and won world war ii . '' its published by a small church in texas . i was very proud of my students for finding it . it has brought countless joy to my life . along with the book , made entirely out of a flag , with flag pictures , and written in blue and red ink , you get a giant flag . i 'm not sure of the dimensions , but they had to haul it to my house in a moving truck . i 've draped it over my house and it covers it completely . people even have to crawl under the flag to enter the house . now i often go outside and just gaze at old stars and stripes for hours at a time , smiling .
let me first start off by saying that richard gere is in my opinion a very so , so actor and in this movie , his crazy irish accent bugged me.and seemed forced . but , still , it 's a descent movie thanks to bruce willis , perfect for the vilain in this movie . jack black also makes a short cameo but bruce makes sure he does n't stay alive for long . the movie is basically about a prisoner released from prison to track down a man that only him and his girlfriend can identify . and then , comes a very average move with some good scenes . all resulting around bruce willis . the problem for me is that at times , i was n't cheering richard gere on whatsoever . that could have to do with his acting . on the other hand , willis is great and very effective and also .. very cool . but , what looks like it 's going to be a good suspense movie ends out being like all action movies . and that my friend is something i seriously am tired of . now , that i think of it , i own this movie . you know what that means . hello blockbuster
those looking for a wife in russia , here is word of advise to you . i know many man who went to russia and ukraine looking for woman . few of them have a happy marriage . most ( i did n't said all ) men go there to find woman will not have a good marriage for several reasons , <NUM> . some men are pigs and going to find a woman in other country is an escape . they should change the way they treat woman . i know many russian woman who had to flee from their american husbands . <NUM> . some american man will be deceived by russian woman and think they getting into lasting relationships while woman want to get to us to get a permanent residency . especially when age difference is more that <NUM> years . why younger woman would mary much older man ? money and opportiunity most of the time . i know christian man who was looking for a bride in post ussr country . he was in his <NUM> 's . very religious man . but when it came to relationships , he is looking at 20- <NUM> year old woman . they ( women ) were disgusted just to think of being with him . the are other guys who went to russia . they were sitting on a curb in front of university . they were n't shaved and did n't look appealing . they would pick a beatifull young girl and would try to start conversation . young ladies would n't even pay attention . then old drunk lady came by and start talking to these american guys . and that 's who would entertain these men . russians do n't sit on a flor and only drunkards sit on a curb . i think anybody who says that russian woman better than american has never digged deep in the u.s.a . there are also many russian woman who stuck up . how will you , comming from a different country will find out what is gold and what is not ? go there , learn the culture , language , live there for <NUM> years and then you might be qualified to mary russian lady . i 'm sick of a man who goes to other countries for the purpose of marying someone just because they see problem with woman in their own country . these man has a problem that they need to deal with before they can have any relationships . they need therapy , counceling , they are bossy and they are the ones who stuck up . they need to learn how jesus treats the church and even died for it . will you give up your live for the one you love ? or you only interested to satisfy your selfish desires
the `` original '' versions are 4x3 letterboxed ... for anyone with an hdtv or widescreen regular tv , these dvds are a major disappointment . the original versions are matted from their original 2.35:1 aspect ration for 4x3 tvs , so they look like crud on an hdtv or other widescreen tv . they appear to be made from the same transfers used for the laserdiscs . the other versions , from <NUM> , appear to be identical to the dvds previously released
despite managing to give fleeting impressions of importance and quality , this film is a complete put-on . the long `` set-piece '' scenes ( wedding , russian roulette , etc . ) are much discussed , usually either in the context of being `` essential for character development '' or `` boring '' . in fact they 're a delaying mechanism behind which the filmmaker attempts to hide his lack of storytelling skills . once he does try to move things along , awkwardly jumping without explanation or exposition from one bloated set-piece to another , you can see the reason for his procrastination - despite being desperate to give the impression of profundity and truth , he really has nothing to say . the actors go a long way toward diverting attention from the film 's awkward vacuousness , by giving false and short-lived impressions of character and narrative , but this falls apart whenever the filmmaker attempts to make anything `` happen '' narrative-wise . <NUM> stars is rather generous , but de niro , walken and company deserve some recognition for some good acting , albeit for such a misguided cause . ultimately , despite some controversy , many of the film 's questionable portrayals of vietnam , vietnamese , america , americans and war are to be condemned more for their cinematic silliness than for their historical inaccuracy
do n't get swindled by the packaging . the graphical quality of the contents are suspect as a fair amount of the illustrations i can only describe as grade school crayon scribbles . there are a few exceptions to the rule , but not enough to warrant purchase
what happened ? ice cube is my favorite rapper of all time ! for anyone else this would have been <NUM> stars , but this is a real disappointment to me persoanlly . if you like the older hard hitting ice cube and nwa i would try one of his earlier releases . who knows though ... i love plenty of cds that i hated at first
all i can say is pass me some aspirin . this is a dozy of a bad novel . as it says on the dust jacket , a supreme court law clerk grabs a petition and ends up becoming deceased . its up to the brother to uncover the truth by finding the real killer who had let a poor black man rot away for a crime he did not commit . at the same time the brother contends with mysterious bad guys out to get him and stop the unearthing of the evidence . not only does he deal with his family , but his brothers friend , a sexy young law clerk herself and the duplicity on the bench she works for . and that 's only the start of the plot . its really pretty bad , it descends into mired pretensions and goofy resolutions . the characters are so shallow that you are left with little notion of who they are except for a faint nasty after taste over their conceded ways . baldacci is along with james patterson and dean koontz one of america 's worst authors . if you want an author who writes on a similar vein to this , try one of harlan coben 's last four or so stand alone thrillers with out the character myron bolitar in it . or for a more sophisticated read , look for denis lehane , he wrote the amazing mystic river , but his pi series located in boston is pretty good as well .
robert a. heinleins novel `` starship troopers '' still creates controversy , generations after it was first published . indeed , the well-known movie `` starship troopers '' was actually a veiled criticism of the book ! is heinlein 's book racist or fascist ? is it a cold war allegory ? is it anti-democratic and militarist ? how does this novel square with heinlein 's reputation for being a libertarian and near-hippie ? these questions are still being hotly debated . `` starship troopers '' describe a future society in which only people who have served in the military enjoy full citizenship rights . only honorably discharged soldiers have the right to vote and run for office . strangely enough , the non-citizens enjoy freedom of speech , freedom of worship and the right to start businesses . heinlein 's future society thus looks like modern america , but with a marine corps-like military caste superimposed on top . in the novel , humanity wages a never-ending war against several races of intelligent space aliens , including the collectivist arachnids , who resemble spiders . many people take the arachnids to be a symbol for communism in general or red china in particular . imperial japan is another possibility . heinlein 's novel attempts to solve that ancient question : how can a society make sure that the best people serve in office ? this question is particularly acute in democracies , where anyone can stand for office , and everyone can vote . heinlein 's solution is to limit the franchise to those who have served in the military . in this way , only the best are selected for the job . and those willing to put their lives on the line must be the best . but does that really solve the problem ? a military is not necessarily a good administrator or politician . the best in times of peace might be different from the best in times of war . heinlein 's system only works if a total and never-ending war is raging . indeed , the war against the arachnids certainly seem to be such . but if so , it 's naive to expect freedom of speech or extensive rights for non-citizens . the system would become a military dictatorship pure and simple , like in the movie `` starship troopers '' . the soldiers in the novel are probably inspired by the philosopher-kings and guardians of plato 's `` republic '' . after rigorous military training , the officers are given courses in moral philosophy , history and politics . but there are also similiarities with ancient athenian democracy . every citizen of ancient athens was expected to serve in the army or navy . there was a connection between rights and duties . but note that many non-citizens in athens were slaves ! ultimately , `` starship troopers '' is unconvincing , even naive . you simply can not give political power to the military , no matter how the military is recruited , and expect everything else to stay the same .
ok , the original is a classic and is what ... <NUM> ... <NUM> minutes long ? jackson stretches it out to <NUM> hours and adds very little to the story . the native were scary . the quiet scenes with kong were welcome additions , they actually made him into a character ... something that ca n't be said for any of the human characters . the insect scenes are ridiculous ! ! the dinosaur stampede was idiotic . anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie . now jackson is adding <NUM> munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with ? ! ? peter jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.remind me to skip his next <NUM> <NUM> hour long epics
i can not belive how a band as lame as this can actually get signed to a label . they make limp bizkit look like led zeppelin and i hate limp bizkit ! i made the mistake of seeing them on craig kilborn the other night and believe it or not , they 're even worse live than in the studio . whne i hear something like this being actually called music , i almost want to ram ice picks into my eardrums so i wo n't have to hear it . if car company put out cars with the same quality standards as some of today 's band 's so-called music , we 'd all be walking or dead . this sounds like someone yelling and screaming while pushing a lawnmower . as another reviewer said , if i could give this negative stars , i would . avoid this at all cost ! !
all i can say is pass me some aspirin . this is a dozy of a bad novel . as it says on the dust jacket , a supreme court law clerk grabs a petition and ends up becoming deceased . its up to the brother to uncover the truth by finding the real killer who had let a poor black man rot away for a crime he did not commit . at the same time the brother contends with mysterious bad guys out to get him and stop the unearthing of the evidence . not only does he deal with his family , but his brothers friend , a sexy young law clerk herself and the duplicity on the bench she works for . and that 's only the start of the plot . its really pretty bad , it descends into mired pretensions and goofy resolutions . the characters are so shallow that you are left with little notion of who they are except for a faint nasty after taste over their conceded ways . baldacci is along with james patterson and dean koontz one of america 's worst authors . if you want an author who writes on a similar vein to this , try one of harlan coben 's last four or so stand alone thrillers with out the character myron bolitar in it . or for a more sophisticated read , look for denis lehane , he wrote the amazing mystic river , but his pi series located in boston is pretty good as well .
the details are all fine if you do n't know the middle east - but are not well researched and inconsistent . i wo n't bore you with the list . all the big picture takeaway is that the middle east and big oil are a complicated business with many parties that have a big stake . tell us something new . the overall storyline does not have much else going for it - i was expecting more intrigue , a more synthesized story line . a disappointment .
i gave this a <NUM> star review not because i do n't like the series but the way the disks were processed . dvd-18 has flaws big flaws and the episode near the outer edge of the disk often suffer the most . i have purchased other universal shows which had less problems . airwolf , the a team , ect . the only saving grace is i have a number of dvd players so i have managed to salvage all or most of the br episodes . why put all of the episodes on <NUM> disks ? to save money but they charge big bucks for the sets
when the scientific facts about climate change are seriously looked into the only inconvenient truth is vice president gore needs to find another celebrity cause . a passionate speaker can sway many people that are already leaning towards a given theory . it quickly becomes evident that once the predicted ice age of the late '70s and early '80s did n't pan out the only direction to go was the opposite or global warming . what should cause most people to pause and think is that when the noise dies down the only solution to global warming given by it 's theorists is to vote for a certain political party . sorry , nice try al . perhaps if you spent more time cleaning up the heavy metal pollution found on your own property you would convince more people
i am a great fan of bernstein 's `` candide '' . i saw the <NUM> production twice . my wife saw it three times -- she took a friend once . this dvd should have been an excellent performance . lupone and chenowith after all , but the dvd copy i have has such abysmal sound that any enjoyment of the performance is near impossible . muddy , echoing , not really even a clear visual image . i assumed it was a really bad recording job . is it just that i have a bad dvd copy ?
i was looking forward to reading the exorcist but i was let down . the book is boring it does n't go into any real depth when it comes to characters . the movie surpasses the book , i feel asleep while reading this book . some people may feel that this book is scary but its only scary if you scare easily .
let me start off by saying , i have not seen the orignal wicker man . this movie kept me guessing all the way through , which earns it one star . i could n't tell if willow was intentionally mysterious or a victim of bad acting . i did enjoy ellen burstyn 's performance as the `` queen bee '' so to speak . so many unanswered questions or things that did n't add up stop this from being a <NUM> or <NUM> star movie . i am generally not a fan of neat , tidy , happy endings , so that was n't a problem for me , but the numerous loose ends were . worth a rental , but probably not worth purchasing
volunteers is a film i wished that i never saw . it is so bad that i was miserable after finishing it . was it supposed to be a comedy or an adventure ? throw in bad jokes . add psychotic john candy . steal the idea of the bridge on the river kwai . what do you have ? i do n't know . the greatest disappointment in this film was john candy . that was n't the definitive john candy that i know . before viewing volunteers , i was expecting tons of crack jokes . after viewing volunteers , what a let down ! the anticipation of boredom was the last thing on my mind . i am gravely disappointed in this film . worst part also is the supposed romance between tom hanks and rita wilson . really , what romance ? i do n't see the chemistry
this movie was so horrible i do n't know where to start . maybe i could start with the fact the actors were so horrible it was as if the director picked them randomly off the street . or maybe he just casted his own family ... at any rate they were untrained and stale . secondly , i had a serious issue with this movie not following basic christian principles . if tyler perry manages to tone down the swearing in his semi-christian plays , why would n't this movie director have enough sense to follow suit ... if you 're trying to actually sale to a christian audience . furthermore , i thought the bible said a little something against divorce ; like it was n't permitted unless your spouse commits adultery/fornication . this movie seems to say it 's okay to go against the word of god if you 're in love . in fact , christianity was more of a theory in this movie than it was a practice .... by even the protagonist ! i laugh as i think of the scene where ce-ce peniston 's character says seductively , `` i 'm looking for a man with his mind on jesus '' yet she 's dressed like a hooker . speaking of clothing , why did ce-ce seem to change outfits even in the middle of scene . they go on a date and she 's dressed one way , by the time they come home she has on something different ; with no logical explanation . and please explain why they had someone 's grandfather playing the role of rico suave . maybe the movie would have actually been worth while had he looked more like the man of any woman 's dream . i felt more like telling him about aarp than i did falling in love with him . in addition , the soundtrack , it-was-just-annoying . at some parts it was even hard to hear what the characters were saying because of the music . i just wanted the maddness to stop ! lastly , it seems as if the director tried to portray single church women as being overwhelmingly desperate ( although some are ) however , having pamela fall so quickly for bryant was just , well , almost juvenile ... perhaps even a disrespect to women at large . overall , this movie made me want to puke . pastor larry `` flash '' jenkins really needs to get some true insight on the conditions of the church and maybe even go back and read the bible for himself for clarity
how fast can you say m-i-s-t-a-k-e ? rimes , the adolescent singing sensation , covering joplin 's `` me and bobby mcgee ? '' patsy 's `` crazy '' and `` i fall to pieces ? '' buck 's `` cryin ' time ? '' cryin ' time indeed
this is a cheezy production . looks like someone 's home video with a stage set up in their living room . btw -- better sex through yoga could be a title for any yoga practice . yoga will help you in many ways ; o ) the best bet going if you 're looking for a good all around yoga practice in hemalaya behl 's & quot ; yoga for urban living. & quot ; check my other reviews on amazon for yoga , tai-chi , and meditation dvds
how can you not relate to ludacris 's music ? it deals with every day life like chilin in da hood and slapin da bitchis an hos . it 's so deep . i can identify with his music so much it 's scary . i sure hope one day i can become a musical genious like him . forget about no-name bands like pink floyd , yes , and radiohead , they 're never played on mtv so saying that they 're talented is like saying ashlee simpson did n't create rock n ' roll ! ludacris-the most talented musician on the planet-is going to change the world ! ! ! if you took any of that seriously , this album is for you
i have a hard time understanding what it is that i dislike about the novel . i dislike it almost as much as the movie . i have been a loyal follower of smiley and some more after that . once the cold war was over , jlc had to look for a new realm . i tried to follow him , but gave up with the kaukasian troubles , forgot the name of the book . maybe it is this : jlc 's trade mark , his usp , is the evilness of the other side . with the kgb & co. , that worked perfectly . his readers were willing to stay with him and believe him . now he is transferring the kgb style to all sorts of other badies . i think it does not work any more . it is not that i trust the pharmaceutical companies enough to not be like here insinuated . i do not . what i do not like , i guess , is the artificial mood of intellectual suffering from the evilness of all kind of conspiracies . tess in this story seems to be the normal do-gooder who falls foul with the baddies . that is more ok in the book than in the movie . ( there , for my eyes , rachel weisz does herself discredit . ) what is absolutely not ok is the surrender of command by the narrator mid way . jlc gives up on trying to keep a believable storyline and declines into darkest conspiracy allegations
i used to be a rather large <NUM> fan due mainly to the comparisons to sublime . they are pretty good in my book but i must say , this cd is a weak compilation ... one has to understand .. each of the albums represents a different <NUM> universe . being reduced to 2-4 songs off of each album mushed together on one gets old very fast . start out with transistor or soundsystem if your into reggae-ish sounds .. if your into rap rock .. go with grassroots and blue album . this cd is a rip off and a cheapened <NUM> experience
the show lost it 's zip by season 7. the chemistry was n't the same . the scripts had gotten watered down & you could sense a show just going through the motions on quite a few of these episodes.the show had it 's last real peak during season 4.i still enjoy watching the show though
i read the back cover of this book and immediately knew most of what would happen . as soon as i met the character who would turn out to be the driver , i knew the rest of the story . it was extremely easy to figure out and quite disappointing . the story 's decent . the text flows nicely , and the suspension of disbelief is strong , but where did nick 's originality go ? where 's the sweet and innocent charm of the notebook , a walk to remember , and nights in rodanthe ? it seems like he 's run out of steam , or did n't care too much about this one . a decent book to read , but do n't expect anything spectacular as you would with his earlier work
this movie does n't even deserve a * star * . lousy movie ....... instead of lost junction , it should be called lost time
people who listen to the goldberg variations on piano must live in a parallel universe . liquid legato ? three minutes of passion ? there is no other set of variations of any era for any instrument more `` structurally '' conceived and unified than the goldbergs ! it 's all or nothing , not a string of pearls . please , please , listen to the harpsichord performances of trevor pinnock or bob van asperen before you spend money on another pianist 's misconception . ms tureck 's performance , by the way , is particularly inchoate . if you must have piano , try richard goode
he gives plenty of stats and fine details but forgets that he 's talking about people . it becomes very boring and lifeless , too much emphasis on details and not enough on the players behind the numbers . i recommend & quot ; baseball in <NUM> ' & quot ; by robert creamer , a fine book something that & quot ; more than merkle ... & quot ; should 've had more of
if you wanted the whole film . elizabeth mcgovern 's ( who was oscar nominated for this ) scenes were cut from this edition , in order , i imagine , for it to have a pg rating . buy an older vhs for the original film
i usually like romantic comedies , but this one was for the birds . maybe the robin , our state bird here in wisconsin . then again , maybe not , since this movie seemed to get all the wisconsin stuff wrong . people outside on thanksgiving in just long sleeves ? not where i live . i mean , they could have chosen from about ten other midwestern states if all they wanted was that 'naive farm girl meets big-city boy ' feel ( which is lame and predictable , by the way ) . i like julia stiles , and the young man was okay , but getting the local stuff wrong was a turnoff , and it really kind of took me out of the movie . tsk tsk .
i tried reading it , and made it about 3-4 pages . i 'm pretty sure that 's a bad sign . i seem to recall mr. sedaris writing about his mother 's bedpan or something . the impression i instantly got was `` beep beep ! pretentious young writer peddling so-called bad childhood experiences for fame , money and sympathy . '' guess what , mr. sedaris ? i do n't give a ( expletive deleted ) about your so-called bad childhood . millions of people have bad childhoods and do n't play the sympathy card . check out augusten burrough 's books , they manage to have humor and touching moments without this kind of pretentious style .
i was suckered into buying this years ago and the sound was so bad that i immediately sold it as used for pennies on the dollar . i strongly suggest you buy another anthology of their music instead
we bought `` the series . '' what we got was season <NUM> complete ( unless any were originally <NUM> hours in length ) ; the pilot tv movie mccloud : who killed miss u.s.a. ? bearing the syndication title portrait of a dead girl ; and three 90-minute `` movies '' each compiled subsequent to their original network run by frankensteining two random , unrelated one-hour episodes of the show 's first season - which ran under the umbrella title , <NUM> in <NUM> - and cutting each set of two episodes by <NUM> minutes -- with the result that some guest stars were entirely cut from the mix ! for those studio executives who do n't understand the concept , nostalgia means we want what we remember viewing ... the way it was ... not frankensteined into phony movies . if universal had any integrity at all , they 'd gather that pilot with its original title sequence and the unedited , original 1-hour network versions of these six episodes ... with the <NUM> in <NUM> umbrella sequence ... and at least offer to sell this to us in a nice slimcase to replace their careless disc <NUM> , season <NUM> . i supposed next we 'll have to beware of columbo and other mystery movie 2-hour episodes being released edited down to <NUM> minutes to conform ( and yet being sold as `` the complete season !
i have now received <NUM> copies of this dvd and if you notice there are <NUM> episodes or more that do not play correctly . my personal favorite is the episode were jerry is trying to become homecoming queen . it skips a whole chapter ... the weesle & the chicken ... maybe the best comedy i have ever seen . please check your copy and see if this happens , it is not the fault of amazon it is a bad transfer to dvd that needs to be fixed . if you need to see this chapter it will go black screen for a short time after the locker scene , and skip to the next chapter . to see the chapter , go backard <NUM> chapter . i have had the same problem on all dvd players
just left bridget alone ! this movie just does n't do the story line any justice . she was living happily ever after , which is where i like my favorite movies to end
i have to say something about this cd ... i mean , i know marc anthony tried to do something different this time and he did it , but pop is not his thing ... '' mended '' is a weak album , with <NUM> or <NUM> good songs as `` love wo n't get any better '' `` she mends me '' and maybe even `` tragedy '' that 's all . i used to be a fan of marc anthony 's salsa albums ... but this is actually pop from hell . sorry marc ... just do your thing
it 's britney so it is awful , vapid , pungent , revolting , terrible and yucky.if you have already have this disgraceful britney dvd you should be slapped.a true music fan would avoid this at all costs.get any dvd from queen instead.zero stars
i 'm a big fan of shogun ( <NUM> 1/2 stars ) and tai-pan ( <NUM> stars ) and expected much of the same here . but after <NUM> pages i gave up . plot , subplot , sub-subplot , sub-sub-subplot , scores of characters . i got tired of starting another chapter with a new plot angle , when i was ready for development and resolution of what came before . this book picks up with the straun/brock rivalry from tai-pan after an interval of <NUM> years . i wanted that history filled-in ( including the remaining three coins ) , but there was little of that in what i read . the writing is still good and i may have been impatient to quit after only a third of the book , but i had to move on to something more satisfying
what a disappointment . every single character in this film is depressed , mentally ill , and self-absorbed . no one is sane or sympathetic . therefore , there 's no one to identify with or root for . no one gets better or grows as a person . so what 's the point ? annette benning gives a strong performance , but her character is vapid and self-pitying . not worth two hours of your life
if cruelty , sadism , and abuse are to your taste , then this is the film for you . it is a full-length feature expanded from the bucolic short film , 'fishbelly white ' , but which contains none of its lyricism and rural poetry . duncan is a 14-year-old misfit known for the chickens that he cares for like pets . he is isolated and lonely because his mother has just died , and his mono-syllabic father ignores him . and , in keeping with a time-honored cinematic cliche ( starting with ` tea and sympathy ' ) , he is teased , tortured , and threatened by his macho peers for being 'different ' . it seems that he may have a friend in leader-of-the-pack perry but this is where the two versions part company . in the short , they develop a lovely , understated homoerotic romance . here , perry is violent and brutal , like his abusive father , ultimately instigating duncan 's final humiliation . there is not one moment of tenderness in the entire film until the final 'reconciliation ' between duncan and his father but , considering the unrelenting nastiness which has come before , it feels highly contrived . duncan is such a willing , unquestioning ` victim ' throughout the film , any resolution-of-conflict which might have raised this to a true coming-of-age story is lost . this is a surprising entry from the usually gay-friendly showtime network . there is nothing friendly about this one .
i lasted <NUM> minutes . at times , i believe hunter s. thompson was able to write . this was not one of those times . his gonzo humor was just over the top , not funny , and stale to these tired eyes . maybe it was groundbreaking once , but i doubt it . maybe you should watch it while stoned . he probably wrote it that way .
this is one of those rare treats in the literary world that grab your attention , keep you enthralled , and refuse to let you stop reading . i read this book and literally did not sleep one night because i was too busy trying to finish the book . but what makes this book so rare is not because of how good it is , but it 's because how good everything is until the very end . that 's right , the incredible cop-out of an ending made me mad enough to hate the entire novel . this is `` deus ex machina '' in its finest form . this is unexcusable in my opinion . i just do n't get it . i just do n't understand how one can ( seemingly ) work so hard on a work of fiction only to screw everyone in the final pages . i gave it two stars ( as opposed to one ) for fooling everyone into reading through this book . this is by far and away my most dissappointing reading ever
i book leaves me wondering . dont buy it . i saw on the website its all false
i hate to part company with the other reviewers here , as well as the amazon comments but this not a must have . i am huge fan of new order and joy division and think they are one of the most important modern western popular bands of the last , almost thirty years for all their well-known contributions to existentilism and furturism in alternative , independent rock . basically inventing post-punk , being one of the inventors of the dance-music , electronica scene a decade before most other bands and accidentaly inventing `` goth '' music along the way . not to mention being excellent musicians with a very artsy , deep and humorous sensitivity . but , because they are such a good band it is glarringly obvious that the `` rock video '' is nothing more than a corporate music business era chore that bands just have to do as part of the job . film critic rodger ebert once said the rock video is `` empty . '' here , they are n't so much empty as new order 's music is so good , just pointless . i find myself almost angry that a beautiful song such as `` ceremony '' would have such a terrible video like this ( incidently , i do not know what the viewer below is talking about ... there is no original version of the `` ceremony '' video ... just this thing ) . an aweful , unwatchable piece of useless garbage featuring a fellow walking around with a trashbag on his head . i guess that is a reference to the thought process of music video directors . not sure what else it could be . i could only stomach <NUM> seconds of this filth . i 'm afraid after listening to this tune for more than ten years , both joy division 's and new order 's ... the images in mine and in other musician 's heads will have to do . unwatchable . trash . the new `` tempation '' video .... embarrasing . watch their concert videos , go see them live or better yet , think for yourself . there are a few winners ... '' confusion '' is a classic and a great video as well as little bit of music history . `` perfect kiss '' is cool but i 've seen it enough and life is short . `` touched by the hand of god '' is very funny .. but .. again .. life is short . the only thing i had n't seen before and actually kind of liked was the gina birch `` crystal '' .. that was a slightly cool workday music industry bit . not important art in anyway .... but better than franz fernidad peeing on an art gallery wall like the nazis used to do . videos ? as for the documentary on the other disc . this is much better but is almost <NUM> years old . there are some excellent joy division clips here . why do n't we have a full dvd of all the joy division footage in the world yet ? you get many of the same videos on the other disc played in full again on this disco too .. in case you 're someone like me who hated them enough the first time . some great stuff , a bit of live joy division , great early live versions of 'blue monday '' , `` tempation '' .. and yes .. '' ceremony '' . the interviews are great as new order speaks like real musicians and their collaborators are an interesting bunch making up a lot of what urban nightlife music culture has been from the late seventies until today on both sides of the atlantic .
i also bought the hype of nytimes best seller . goes to show you some people have really bad taste . the story was promising and could have been exciting without the awful dialog . it seems like the author was being paid by the word - too much repetition , entire scenes which added nothing to the story , etc . i would never purchase another book by this author . glad it 's over and this ones in the trash can ... charli
this book represents the greatest potential waste of your time and money imaginable . the author clearly presents his blather from a fully leftist position and then expects the reader to swallow it as some hidden `` fact '' . save your money and as importantly save your time
it was unclear in the description of this book that the cd 's for the listening portions were not included . this was a huge inconvenience as i could not purchase the cd 's separately
this book says nothing . he brings you on a journey through nothing that will you unfilled . do n't read it
what were they trying to do ? i mean c'mon either they were stupid and bought a crappy camera and got really really bad actors , and they try to remake some of the scenes , oh my god . this movie sucks its at the bottom of my movie list . i rather lick the seat of a toilet in a public bathroom than watch this movie again . it is nothing i repeat nothing compared to the awsome american hit classic movie maximum overdrive * * * * * <NUM> stars , oh yeah ! !
could have been a truly interesting film , just plain simpleminded and annoying
if you 're familiar with the writings of wong kiew kit he often states that you ca n't learn genuine martial arts like taijiquan and shaolin kung fu from a book . you need to learn from a master because there are too many subtleties that will be missed without a proper instructor . so when wong kiew kit states that : `` i have no taijiquan lineage . i did not learn from any well-known living taijiquan masters . i mainly learned from taijiquan classics , and was able to interpret and practice what past masters had written because of my thorough shaolin training . '' http : //wongkk.com/answers/ans04b/jul04-1.html which is similar to saying : `` i have no shaolin lineage . i did not learn from any well-known living shaolin masters . i mainly learned from shaolin classics , and was able to interpret and practice what past masters had written because of my thorough taijiquan training . '' there 's no way wong kiew kit would tolerate someone claiming to be a master of shaolin kung fu without having learned from a teacher belonging to a lineage . on his website he states that : `` not a single person of those who have learnt taijiquan from me complains about my lack of a taijiquan lineage . in fact , no one seems to care about this lineage issue . on the other hand , they are satisfied that what they have leant ( sic ) from me is very close to the kind of taijiquan practiced by masters in the past . '' http : //wongkk.com/answers/ans02b/dec02-3.html how are these people qualified to gauge how closely wong kiew kit 's taiji compares to taijiquan masters of the past ? did they time travel and study under these past masters ? or do they have a gut feeling like i have a gut feeling that i can learn shaolin kung fu from a taiji instructor ? it 's quite likely that wkk is teaching a modified version of shaolin kung fu that uses taiji principles gleaned from his interpretation of the classics . i wo n't deny that wong kiew kit is probably shaolin master , but there 's no evidence to suggest that he is teaching an authentic form of taiji . he has admitted that his entire knowledge of taijiquan has mainly come from books and scriptures , not from a living breathing human being trained in a proper lineage . call it whatever you want to wkk , but do n't mislead people into thinking its taijiquan . telling people to learn from masters and not from books and then doing it yourself is completley hypocritical . in the end , of what value is a `` tai chi chuan '' book that was written by someone who has no real `` tai chi chuan '' training ? in response to a new review , let me mention a few things : one reviewer presupposes that taiji branched off from shaolin , but there 's so much debate about the origins of taiji its to hard to make any concrete statements about it . the wikipedia page on zhang sanfeng states that : `` much of the written material about him is mythical , contradictory , or otherwise suspect . for instance , he is reported by different people to have been born either in <NUM> , <NUM> , or in <NUM> . '' there 's almost no proof to suggest that he actually existed , or that he created taiji out of shaolin . but what tends to be agreed upon is that all forms of taiji branched off from chen style when yang lu-chan learned the art and spread his version of taiji ( yang style ) across china . this reviewer and his master may have proper training in a taiji , and i wo n't contest that , but as wkk explicitly states , he has none . he seems to mistake wkk 's lack of proper instruction from a taiji master as modesty . if `` modesty '' is what you are looking for in a teacher , may i too be `` modest '' about my lack of proper instruction in shaolin , and offer you my instruction ; perhaps even a book about something that i have no proper instruction in . wkk does state that you should not learn taiji without a proper instructor , but he himself did just that . maybe he could provide us with the origins of his undistinguished lineage to settle the argument ? when the reviewer says that the shaolin temple is the `` supreme martial arts college throughout all of buddhist china 's history , '' it really is just a matter of opinion . not everyone views the shaolin temple in such a holy light . everything wkk writes in his books about the history of martial arts , the shaolin temple and buddhism ends up supporting his qualifications as a teacher ; which is a major conflict of interest . all the legends about bodhidharma and zhang sanfeng are stated as fact without being prefaced with a warning about the highly mythical nature of their history . he uses the iffy taiji developing from shaolin story to justify his lack of taiji lineage . if you were a prospective customer you would be highly discouraged by the whole no-lineage thing . but when he feeds you the taiji developing from shaolin stuff the reader thinks , `` if taiji developed from shaolin , wkk must be a master of both . '' wkk sounds pretty great if he is the one writing the history books
this is now the third of levenda 's books i have read and the second in this particular series . as other reviewers have noted , by the end of this edition , the author 's leftist political views and anti-catholic epistemological perspective overwhelm the narrative to the point that credibility suffers . this is really rather sad , as levenda is a talented writer , who has done , evidently , some significant research . unfortunately , it becomes hard to take an author seriously who quite rightly attacks the bush clan , whilst holding the hideous clintons above reproach , and worse , misses no opportunity to villify the church , while smiling at wicca . the hypocricy is really breathtaking . understand that , in the corpus of this text , there is much that is worthwhile , certainly entertaining , and well presented . it is simply that the dictates of scrupulosity and exactitude cry out for better balance . this volume ends , as did the last , not with a bang , but with a whimper . in fact , levenda 's last paragraph is , in its entirety , a quote from `` the book of ceremonial magic '' , of all things . we are left wondering as to the efficacy of picking up the next volume in the series . there is much else that cries out to be read . we may read the next in volume , if only in the hope that some sense of balance can be restored . but this may be another example of the triumph of hope over experience .
i had ordered this cd for my husband.he likes the movie `` the longest yard '' and he wanted to get the soundtrack of the movie . unfortunately at the time of ordering it did not specify what songs were included in the cd , but i thought if it was from the longest yard movie , then it would be the soundtrack.well , i received the package and gave it to my husband for him to open , he started playing it and was very disappointed.he ended up getting a cd full of stupid rap songs . i am not happy with what i received , if i could send it back and get something else i would , but i know it will be a hassle to even ask for an exchange.my suggestion to other people is to find out exactly what they 're lookin for before placing an order and just because the cover looks like the original , it does not mean it 's what you 're really looking for . i only spent $ 12.00 which is a good thing , but it could have lost a lot more . thank you
i am a common fan . i have all of his projects and go out of my way to get all the music that he is featured on or artists that he aligns himself with personally . if he 's on it or likes it , its alright at the very least . or at least thatw what i thought . this album was indeed eccentric to say the very least . unfortunately , what many do not realize , is that just because it is different does not make it good . this album is not good . the same socially conscious message is there for the most part and that is the only reason i dont give it a one . the production overall is horrible and though the message is the same , the lyrics are not quite as sharp . his worst effort clearly . some cat on this page said that it is better than can i borrow a dollar and one day it 'll all make sense ........ he 's on some extremely potent narcotic drug to say that . he can not beleive that himself . that is the most single ridiculous critique of a solid hip hop album that i have ever heard . nothing personal , but i by no means agree with him and neither would any other head who has heard either of the albums . he 's crazy ! !
i strongly believe that this book could easily create misunderstandings to a student of harmony . i found this book almost chaotic when i studied it as a harmony sudent . in comparison to walter piston 's harmony this book has not a straight and organised method of teaching and i only recommend it for advanced students
instructions : rent steven seagall 's latest action movie knuckle-fest `` exit wounds '' . insert in dvd player ; watch first <NUM> minutes of movie , remove from dvd player . return to video store . if you follow those instructions to the letter , you 'll have fun with `` exit wounds '' , which features one of the best opening sequences of any action movie in recent memory ( seagall attempts to thwart a brash , brazen assassination attempt ) . there 's also a great scene -- -strike that , a priceless scene : hipster uber-villain ( played convincingly by rapper dmx ) and a henchman go on a shopping spree in an exotic car lot ( ultimately settling on a lamborghini murcielago , paid for in cash out of a golf bag ) . the scene is dope , def , and cool -- -it 's all good , dawgz ! -- -- , in a new jack city way . and that 's a shame , really : it 's so cool it just makes you grind your teeth as you begin , over the course of two hours , to realize that the rest of the movie just ca n't hold a candle to its opening minutes . an action movie should be exciting ; after seagall foils a neatly organized assassination attempt on the u.s. vice president ( a brilliant little sequence which merits one star on its own , and from which <NUM> % of the trailer material was taken ) , `` exit wounds '' is not exciting . it 's stale . it 's rehashed . honestly , were it not for dmx , the few riffs from the movie 's excellent rap soundtrack , and the equipment , i would have thought i was watching an eighties seagall flick . and that 's surprising , given that the movie is helmed by `` romeo must die '' director andrzej bartkowiak , who also did the cinematography for speed , lethal weapon <NUM> , and devil 's advocate . the plot , what there is of it , deals with police corruption , and features a major twist near the end that takes the punch out of the story and does n't make any sense -- -but by that time you 've stopped caring . you 've seen all of this before -- -done better . worst of all , seagall is just too old to be a credible action hero ; he 's reached that wheezing , shortness of breath stage that afflicted roger moore back in `` view to a kill '' -- -except seagall does n't have the acting chops that moore was able to fall back on . tom arnold is thrown in for laughs , but the laughs are so feeble , and the jokes so stale , that you 're laughing * at * arnold and seagall -- -not with them . midway through `` exit wounds '' i was fighting to stay awake , and that 's a shame , given that the first <NUM> minutes of the movie contained more sheer , hectic energy than any movie i 've seen since `` face/off '' . rent the dvd for that opener if you dare , but if you stay any longer you 'll see it 's true : old action heroes never die , they just fade away . js
do not waste your money on any cd 's or dvd 's john fogerty has made.premonition is by far the most excellent of all his dvd's.there will never be another one to take it 's place.have it love it.nothing i ever bought in dvd 's '' by john fogerty will compare to premonition.i give it a <NUM> plus
i love the scarpetta books , but i had to force myself to finish this one . the plot was disjointed , and the use of the english language was atrocious . i ca n't believe she published this . it is absolutely not up to par . if you 're going to waste your time on this book , get it from a library so you do n't waste your money as well
nansook hong paints a painful picture of her marriage to hyojin moon , but she does not own up to the full truth of her parents ' machinations to get her married into the moon family . eyewitnesses tell of nansook visiting the moon household and knowing full well of hyojin 's excesses in advance of her marriage . the hongs wanted desperately for their family to be entwined with the moon family , and after arranging for one child to be wed to the first moon daughter , they pushed nansook to marry a moon son . though i do n't know all the motives , the point is that there was an agenda behind her marriage and probably this book that ms. hong has not been honest about . it is only too easy to paint an unflattering portrait of rev moon and his wife but at least some of this is suspect , given her own deceit
this video was very boring compared to the `` elmo 's world '' videos that my son loves . i guess if you are looking for something low key and relaxing for a baby to watch it is a good choice . it is not good for a baby who really loves fun music and action . my son was <NUM> months old when i played it and he was n't interested at all and neither was i . the song choices were dissapointing . it was tedious to sit through , but luckily at only <NUM> minutes long it was almost over before it started
i thought i was going to see something of roy orbinson . it was only in the title of the name . i could not watch it when it became vulgar with offensive material . it is too bad to have a good story with great actors lowering its potentially good quality with such degrading vulgarity . there are better ways of getting this aspect of the story across with such depiction . silly me , i should have checked the rating . i `` assumed '' it safe as it would involve our beloved roy orbinson . i was sadly and horridly disappointed and can not in conscience recommend it to anyone at anytime . by the way , i destroyed the tape in good conscience . watch at your own eternal risk
might just be me -- but this is one of those cd 's that the song they play on the radio is the only decent one . maybe i 'm too old for the rest -- but wish i had kept the crystal so i could sell it on ebay
may i first applaud dr. schneider in seeing the value of alternative treatments as opposed to traditional medicine . however dr. schneider as with most md 's is not a good source of information on alternative forms of treatment . md 's are lucky in their 1000+ hours of education to get one 1/2 of a class on nutrition and alternative therapies . therefore their knowledge base is close to nil . most of the stuff he lists is mainstream knowledge . his research is not complete and most of it requires you to talk to your md first who in turn would very unlikely recommend anything natural . however , because americans have a love affair with their md 's they spend <NUM> billion a year on drugs . this in turn has made dr. schneider 's profession one of the top five leading causes of death in the nation ( jama ) . because of this md 's who are seeing a shift away from traditional medical care can capitalize immensely on this shift in care by billing themselves as experts . i 'd recommend someone who has many years of experience in nutrition and alternative therapy . nutritionists , naturopathic physicians , ayruvedic physicians , doctors of chiropractic and osteopathic physicians are much better sources of info . think about it .
i wanted to read something `` light '' but the characters were too simplistic and lacked depth . the story was predictable and the plot presentaton was choppy . comparing this book to others where , i believe , friendships were the main theme , this book lacked substance
why should i review this book only to have it rejected ? ? my review of the first trudeau book was rejected because i referred to the author . many other reviews referred to the author more than i did . robert morrisett
por qu se le ocurri a tim burton hacer un remake de este clsico ? el resultado no puede ser peor ... slo fui a verla porque sale tim . que vestido de primate resultes igual de atractivo y apasionado que siempre es lo nico que vale la pena de toda la historia . tus ojos siguen emitiendo fuego . qu no se apague nunca ! you are the best !
first , i did not rate this poorly by comparing it to the original . i looked at this as its own movie and did not think of it as a remake . also , unlike many reviewers , i had no problem with the fact that the humans talked yet were still oppressed and not fighting back . the majority of humans in the history of our planet have been oppressed and afraid to fight back . american culture and freedom is not the historical norm . that said , i was not thrilled with the overall plot of the movie , nor the quality of the acting , though the special effects were pretty good , imho . the theme , however , that struck me as most rememorable in this movie , and caused me to drop an otherwise <NUM> to a <NUM> ( or less ) , is the one in which the deeply rooted beliefs that the apes held are so easily stripped away . as our `` hero '' encourages the friendly girl ape to come with him to see something amasing that will change her world ( forgive my not remembering their names ) , it is portrayed in a manner that what he is doing is good and noble and something we should all be grateful for , even though what he is showing her is intended to bring all her previously held beliefs crashing down . then there 's the second-in-command ape who is very devoted to their ape religion , yet the moment he enters the spaceship , he instantly comes to believe that everything he had previously held sacred is a lie - just like that . i could n't help feel as if the movie were trying to say to the audience , `` hey , have n't you heard of that guy darwin ? yeah ? then why do you still believe in that silly god person of yours ? '' this movie , i believe did try to touch an issue of the day , secularism verus religion . the movie , it seems , coming down heavily on the side of secularism
i loved the big guy on american idol , hell i even voted for him , but this cd is so blah ! everything sounds the same . i can tell the cd was rushed of course , and they thought the tracks would be good just b/c he has a great voice . ever since he won he 's just been goin downhill . and i 'm not one for playing the race-card here , but in this case , come on ! mr. girly man aiken gets the cover of rolling stone and all ruben gets is the cover of jet ? ! he was the winner for goodness sake ! i guess it all ca n't be fair . and hello ! has anyone seen the video for sorry <NUM> ? if a stalker ever had a theme song that one 's it . followin the poor girl , peakin around corners , puh-lease ! i could n't give the cd less than one star , otherwise , baby boy , u woulda got negative none ! zip zero , no dinero
i found this to be excruciatingly boring . the material is at best obsolete and of little value . a waste of time and money and not appropriate to one searching for a history of jesus
now do n't get the wrong impression of my rating because this is an excellent family show and it gets <NUM> stars it that area , but the <NUM> rating is my opinion of the poor way that this quality show was put on dvd .. first i noticed that this is a bare bones transfer with no extras but you would think since we are paying good money for these dvds that they would at least make sure the trasnfer quality from film to dvd is excellent , but sadly its not , it seems like there was not much care taken in the transfer process . let me explain , during the opening music i noticed that it fades in and out something that i did not notice in the previous <NUM> seasons . also on a few episodes i just watched , it appears like there was little cleaning up of the film done before transfer to get rid of all the spots or floaters that sometimes appear on older films , it would have been nice if the time was taken to remaster the film for good dvd viewing . it also would have been nice to include a closed caption feature for the hearing impaired for those who need it . in closing i really enjoy watching the waltons and i am very pleased to have it on dvd , but if a little more care and extra work was put into the transfer process this could be so much better and i would feel i am getting the most for my money spent ...
i love george strait 's music.if you look at my profile you will see that i have rated numerouse other cd 's of his and gave them all <NUM> star . he is my favorite artist , but this cd is just plain bad .
not very well known , but one of the most important artists in his styl
i 've been listening to frank sinatra for years , and this kind of stuff just leaves me cold - i 'd rather here the man himself ... or , for a completely different take on the material , someone with a completely original approach like shamus dark , and his album `` songs for suicidal lovers '' , which sounds like nothing i 've heard before , whilst staying true to the fantastic songs . as www.evolutionofmedia.com said : `` ... aural film noir ... delve into the dark side ...
ok i 've listened to this album quite a few times and still have yet to find a strong point . i did n't get his first album so i 'm not comparing like some reviewers may . `` on again tonight '' is the reason i bought this album and it 's one of the only songs i like on it . some people who really like this cd will say `` do n't listen to him '' . or something like that but i 'm right . a few of these songs are n't very well written and just trail off . as far as his voice goes , even if he has range , his voice is n't very good . i mean i like his voice on `` beer man '' and `` on again to night '' but some of these songs his voice makes sound worse . although some songs are ok none are exactly good . if you do n't have the new toby keith , little big town , gary allan , jason aldean , jamey johnson , or brad paisley album ( to name a few ) get one of those cause all of them are much better than this . do n't waste your money on it ... i di
never buy anything directly from this company . only buy it from amazon . this company will use your credit card for things you did not order and refuse to credit you . i ordered a sample of their whey protein with my order . they sent me a whole box of it and expected me to ship it back to them at my expense , or i would be charged !
this is a great read that will have you lol and thinking at the same time . the writer is talented and gifted and can turn a phrase as fast as you want to turn the page . perspective , compassion and curiosity are operative words in this outstanding work . i can only imagine one of the wilson brothers playing the writer in the flick . do n't let the title scare you off as once you get into it you will have made a deposit that will reap you interest
`` all the king 's men '' is a total mess and a spectacular misfire , a movie so poorly crafted by writer-director steven zaillian - who 's directed some decent films - that it 's not even fun to skewer . the acting is so arch and absurd , the story is so rootless and confusing and endless , droning , awful music is so melodramatic , that it mostly earns , mostly , our pity . based on robert penn warren 's novel - itself based on the life of louisiana politician huey p long - the movie uses narrator journalist jack burden ( jude law ) to follow a backwoods orator named willie stark ( sean penn ) from county official to powerful governor . stark is a populist , relying on his `` hick '' voters to give him carte blanche to redistribute government funds to public works projects - roads , schools , hospitals . as `` all the king 's men '' opens , stark is about to be impeached by the state legislature . for what ? it 's never made clear . zaillian treats stark like jay gatsby - nobody 's quite sure of the truth . instead of details , we get allusions and random subplots involving jack 's childhood friends ( kate winslet and mark ruffalo ) and surrogate father ( anthony hopkins ) . all three play a role in stark 's fate , but their characters are ciphers . none of the performances are memorable . as stark , penn has two speeds . he 's either a screamin bleeder , his voice breaking and his face ready to pop , or he 's sleepily drawlin like he just ate a pan of cornbread . stark speaks almost entirely in homilies , even in private moments . penn 's talent , which is turning the emotions of a role inside out , does n't fit the role . he 's bought too far into the myth of the guy .
after reading the reviews on here i went and rented this movie license to kill with high hopes and expectations . needless to say that i was let down . this bond movie is about one of james bonds best friends get put in the hospital while his wife is killed . so james goes on a revenge rampage defying m and mi-6 to do so . i thought that it sounded cool but it was a drag . it started out great with a lot of action and a solid plot . but as the movie progressed it got really slow . and the end is so fake and hookey that it comes off as comical . this is the worst bond film of all time ! it isnt worth even your time . now dont get me wrong i love the james bond series . and no-one can even come close to remotly compare with shawn conry ! he is the only true bond ! but the other bond movies are all good . in fact this is the only bond movie that ive seen that i didnt like . just dont even bother wasting your time
jill nelson is just another angry , bitter , whiny black woman with an axe to grind . this book is filled with the same old whining and cliches which have grown really old and tired . almost everything she touches on is so predictable whether it 's accusing black men who date outside the race as being sellouts ( while saying nothing of black women who do the same thing of course ) , demonizing the million man march , whining about the light skin/dark skin thing and basically ranting about how the black woman is a pathetic victim . if it were a black man writing this foolishness , he 'd be written off as an angry old coot in a minute . well that 's exactly what jill nelson is as far as i 'm concerned .
as a big fan of the postal service ( their `` give up '' easily makes the cut on my top <NUM> albums ) , i had high expectations for this dntel record , as jimmy tamberello is one half of the postal service . big mistake . listen to the samples : if you like what you hear , then buy it ; if you do n't like what you hear , do n't make my mistake of thinking that the songs get better beyond the <NUM> seconds given . worthwhile songs on this cd : <NUM> ) '' ( this is ) the dream of evan and chan '' ( the postal service remix is available on itunes , and is a better version than what 's on the cd ) , sung by ben gibbard of death cab and postal service . <NUM> ) '' last songs '' is if anything , relaxing . i recommend getting these two songs on itunes and leaving it at that , save some money . the cd 's too expensive for two decent songs . jimmy tamberello has another digital project that he works called figurine and ( more recently ) james figurine , it 's essentially a catchier , poppier version of dntel , more in line with postal service
most off the scientific facts are wrong . the earth 's center is as big as mars ! ! ! ! ! ! come on ! ! ! ! ! ! maybe as big as moon . under the earth 's ground is liquid magma . its liquid because off the pressure , and its not possible to under it . the producers obviously forget about food supplies , and oxygen . the only smart thing on which producers remembered is that the atomic bomb is activated with usual bomb that needs air . i think that this is the only realistic thing
one mindblowing , boring saturday night i decided to watch i know what you did last summer . oh what a choice . so i sat there and watched and watched . the first maybe <NUM> minutes seemed quite entertaining . but as the plot began to unravel , it seemed more clear to me that it was just like any other scary teen movie . yes , some parts of it were suspensful . but the movie was very pointless . some guy chasing after some rich ass teens after they killed a guy that was n't even related to him ? and what was up with the whole costume ? it was very stupid and predictable . bassicaly this movie is good if you have nothing else to do , than waste one hour and a half of your life .
i 'm surprised at all the good reviews this book got . not to be snide , i just genuinely am . this book looms in my memory as the one book i had to drag myself to finish . a book that made me tear up with boredom . the plucky heroine was n't likable , the names were all forced and strange ( none making sense in a universe together -- more like an assortment of characters from different books ) , not on the unique side , really . i thought any originality forced and unfounded , and wished it would have turned out better for me , especially as the `` magic dust '' theory was such a nice start . the ending was n't predictable , but it was trying so very hard not to be , it could n't possibly have been anything but what it was : dull . with all these good reviews , and me not having read it in years , it might be worth trying , but i stand firm : take it out of the library
the only thing i got out of listening to the title track , protection , is fleeting remembrances of the movie the bodyguard . this was not a good film . i am a great admirer of tracey thorne 's voice and , as i said elsewhere , would listen to her sing the phone book ; but this is not the phone book . this is teenage emotionalizing . though i resonate with the idea of self-sacrifice , the whole point of self-sacrifice is to actually do it , not to talk about how you would or should or might do it should the situation arise . the track is basically like listening to somebody saying , & quot ; you know , i 'd like totally run in front of a bus to save somebody , knowwhamsain ? & quot ; the whole point of self-sacrifice is that it is difficult to do . it certainly is not difficult to talk about doing , though . i do n't know tracey thorne , but i am not really uplifted by the thought of her hypothetically jumping in front of someone to take a bullet for them
nine inch nails are the only band on this cd worth listening to , this sound track is crap
well , it 's hell on earth for all of us mere mortals as aion with a bewitched rosette wanders the world healing people and driving mankind into enforcing justice , even if they have to murder those they find guilty of sin ! the magdalene order is strangely relegated to the sidelines in the old `` god does n't interfere with man , so he lets the devil do it ! '' cliche . the whole thing becomes some sado-masochistic dream in which characters are dying left and right but do n't worry , we 're being tested like job fatalism . chrono and azmaria desperately try to track down rosette as satella is locked in a battle with her older sister , whose memory was wiped by aion . sad to say but volume <NUM> of chrono crusade brings a series that started with a lot of laughter and entertainment to an end filled with sadness and overacting drama . maybe to a japanese audience this theme of making man to suffer as a test is something new , but to christians , it 's all old hat . the humor from the first couple of volumes is also sorely missed with this gloom and doom installment . and another sore point is azmaria 's singing which is supposed to be divine , but just sounds like poorly pronounced english by a japanese singer . the saddest facet of this show is that it never was allowed to achieve its potential .
this is probably the worst hip hop album i 've ever heard ... <NUM> 's the massacre is better than this garbage . <NUM> . the prediction - 4/5 <NUM> . life we chose - 3/5 <NUM> . nastradamus - 5/5 <NUM> . some of us have angels - 2/5 <NUM> . project windows ( featuring ronald isley ) - 2/5 <NUM> . come get me - 4/5 <NUM> . shoot 'em up - 3/5 <NUM> . last words ( featuring nashawn & millennium thug ) - 3/5 <NUM> . family ( featuring mobb deep ) - 4/5 <NUM> . god love us - 3/5 <NUM> . quiet niggas ( featuring the bravehearts ) - 3/5 <NUM> . big girl - 2/5 <NUM> . new world - 3/5 <NUM> . you owe me ( featuring ginuwine ) - 3/5 <NUM> . the outcome - 2/5 do n't buy this sorry excuse for an album unless you are a true nas fan ... like me
despite all the rave reviews i 'm wondering if this is a dreaded rerecord . maybe i 'm paranoid , but the country music industry is so sleazy . and some stars feel entitled to cash in . how else can you explain the john anderson anthology ... horror . ( john , how could you ? ) or the bill anderson oh boy classic [ oh boy here comes a rerecord ) . hey , the cd sounds great . but what makes me suspiscious is that there are no copyright dates anywhere on this cd except for one . also the cryptic message on the inside sleeve . could someone please clear this up . and not some rcr bud logan shill either . john conlee is one of my hero 's and this is really worrying me . i ca n't look at this cd with rose colered glasses anymore
i love glenn gould -- when he 's playing bach , that is . but gould hated mozart , and while some of his early mozart recordings are quite nice , the mozart recordings he did in the <NUM> 's and <NUM> 's ( i.e. , on these discs ) were simply bizarre . and not in a good way . they are exhibitions in spite , and spite is not fun to listen to . granted , some of the slow movements are played beautifully -- but there 's more to mozart than slow movements . the fast movements ( i.e. , two thirds of the music in the average sonata ) are a horror . if you want to hear gould at his eccentric best , buy anything he did with bach -- or his haydn albums , his early beethoven sonatas ( avoid sonata no . <NUM> , though ) , his sibelius , scriabin , schoenberg or his byrd & gibbons albums . but stay clear of mozart .
i should first say that i have not watched the series , but will follow that up by saying that this movie has not persuaded me to do so . i am a casual anime fan and for reference will say that the anime 's i have enjoyed include dragon ball z , outlaw star , cow boy bebop and ninja scroll . if you have only seen <NUM> movies in your life time and the other one was `` big top pee-wee '' , then maybe ( and i stress maybe ) i could understand a <NUM> star review . if you are a die hard fan of anime and if all it takes is a couple of bloody scenes this may be for you . if you are <NUM> years old you might be impressed with this . however if you expect depth of character , story evolution and strong plot , skip this . in a nut shell some girl is depressed and wants to disappear/die , what ever , so she disappears and shows up in gaea as the wing goddess . two separate factions have been warring with each other over a dragon armor suit that holds the fate of the world . the girl is the key to the suit in a way it goes to whom ever she decides ; the good guys get it the end . believe me when i say this is the better telling of that story and the less painful one . the good : a couple of good fight scenes and the animation were pretty good . the bad : the tone of a movie is very important and this story was way over dramatized . the characters are n't developed at all so you ca n't really bring your self to care about them , or want to pay attention to them . the movie felt like they were trying to squeeze the content of a long draw out series into <NUM> minutes and they failed miserably . i considered turning this off several time but felt that i should finish and form a complete opinion about it . well i have and it aint good .
this novel is absolute dreck , at the best . i do n't think i could ever pick up another grisham novel without vomiting . pelican brief was okay . but , i honestly can not read him again , because of this . the reason for this one star rating is this . first , the protaganist is a stupid punk kid , who by the end of the novel you are actually hoping gets shot or something ! second , <NUM> pages filled with `` blah blah blah '' there was n't enough content to constitute a five hundred page novel . maybe one hundred , and then it would have been decent . third , when reading about a murder mystery with the mob involved , you would at least expect more blood-shed , or more death . especially since this is targeted at a group that enjoys those kinds of things . fourth , although written at a fourth grade level no fourth grader should be allowed within three hundred feet for all the swearing that takes place . speech and the written word , are signs of intelligence , vulgarity is something people use when they do n't know how to convey something accurately . honestly every page has at least some . now you know , that unless you want your socks bored off , you should n't even look in the section that has grisham in it . if you want to read something light , that 's believable , not fantasy and not romance , read crichton .
originally placed the order for the non-thinpak release as amazon had listings for both the original-style 5-discs box set and the `` new '' slimline thinpak . seems mgm decided not to release this box set in the original style ; annoying to say the least . they 've previously released seasons <NUM> through <NUM> in the old-style . sg-1 is now a cancelled series -- so what 's the harm with releasing the same style for the last two releases ( season <NUM> & <NUM> ) ? ? this is not unlike the simpson 's box sets which were changed in season <NUM> to `` head shots '' of simpsons characters . after much protest , their distributor came out with original box set-style releases . smaller package ... less inserts ... looks puny on the dvd rack next to the other eight seasons ... same price . got ta love that marketing plan ! i 'm returning mine and waiting on the hopes mgm will come to some sense and release the final two seasons old-school
this guy gets two stars since he is one step above a street performer . his music is a bad resurrection of old-style blues from the south . he gets more popularity he deserves , but thats true for most mainstream artists of the <NUM> 's
this album was an absolute disappointment . i 've never thought of a nine inch nails album as fun , but the only redeeming quality for with teeth is that some of the songs ( `` only '' , `` you know who you are '' ) are just fun . the others fall somewhere in the realm of pretentious , irritating , or just plain bad . here are the main problems , as i see them : <NUM> . lyrics - this should come as no suprise , though , as trent was never a poet . take love/sex , add addiction , frustration , inadequacy , failure , deviance , etc. , and you have <NUM> % of the nine inch nails songs ever written . additionally , trent can not sing . . . or scream ! ! ! his range lies somewhere around mumble and whine . this is easy to see past when the music is good , but not on this album . <NUM> . lack of complexity - nin has always been interesting , if not good , musically . trent laid on the synth layers thick , and it was possible to listen to an album ( the fragile ) many times and keep noticing new things he was doing musically . that does n't happen here -- this is very one-dimensional and boring . <NUM> . not innovative - nin was good because he/they did things that no one had done before musically , and that in and of itself was exciting . nin never sounded like anything else , though there were a lot of knock-offs in his/their wake . either the technology is so accessible that everyone is doing what nin used to be the only ones to do , or trent reznor got lazy , because this sounds like every other piece of electronic-rock crap to come out in the past decade ( except with trent reznor 's voice ) .
during pearl jam 's riot act tour in <NUM> , sleater kinney was the opening band.i got tickets for the show . in preperation for the concert , i picked up a few kinney albums . first this one . for one i had heard songs at the college station i worked and since one member janet weiss was in quasi ( a great band ) i thought it could n't be all bad . at first listening to the albums it was alright . then it got annoying . those high pitched screams from the singer began to be fingernails on a chalkboard . repetitive , middle of the road punk . then came the concert . once sleater hit the stage , everyone and i mean everyone around me had no clue who they were . they were all asking me , who 's this ? i had to tell them all . no one was digging the concert . minamal applause . no dancing or cheering , nothing . the songs that night did n't flow . the usual screaming was , as always , ear screeching and annoying . a few people mis-took the bassist for a man , but we were in the nose-bleed seats . once sleater-kinney did their last song and walked off stage the audience clapped with much enthusiasim , cause they knew they were finally done
michael moore can be really funny at times , but most people should not take this goofball too seriously . about half way through 'the big one ' , i turned it off because i did not find it the least bit funny and i did n't know where moore was going . what is the point of putting in a pointless sequence where he is talking to the guitar player of cheap trick ? this is not one of his better films
they should stop milking it with crappy film franchises like the texas chainsaw massacre . this series should have been killed off by now . the first was not even worth watching ! stay away from this whole movie series
just a guy sitting in a field talking about sex . i really did not see any new sex now . i would n't waste my money if i were you
perhaps i did n't read the description closely enough . this book is a historical text , not applicable to today 's surveying .
oops i almost forgot the song by tom jones called & quot ; thunderball & quot ; is on here . what i meant to say was about his tunes were & quot ; kiss & quot ; & amp ; & quot ; puppet man & quot ; that 's all
with the $ 70-million that was spent on the <NUM> video-game-inspired film `` doom '' , you 'd think that director andrzej bartkowiak would have used better lighting so that the audience could actually see what was going on more clearly . on second thought , given that this predictable film was little more than <NUM> minutes of `` shoot the mutants '' , it 's pretty clear that mr. bartkowiak may have kept the lights dim in a dismal attempt to avoid personal embarrassment . as to the film 's plot , it can be summarized in a single sentence : a group of ber-soldiers lead by their `` sarge '' ( played by the rock ) travel to mars to stop a bunch of scientists that have inadvertently transformed themselves into flesh-eating mutants after injecting a criminal with dna recovered from ancient humanoid fossils found in a martian archaeological dig . so , there 's tons of shooting , a lot of screams , gallons of fake blood & guts being tossed about , a martian sewer and a teleportation device that looks like a small-scale version of `` the sphere '' . others who starred in this forgettable rubbish include karl urban ( ber-soldier john grimm ) and rosamund pike ( as john grimm 's sister named sam ) . why these two actors would stoop so low as to participate in `` doom '' defies logic . to anyone who actually paid good money to watch this 1-star film in a theater , you have my deepest sympathy . to anyone thinking of purchasing a copy of `` doom '' on dvd , please notice that there are a ton of used copies available for very a cheap price . that alone should tell you how `` good '' this film is
i was truly disappointed in this text . while it may be appropriate for military use , i found it difficult to tranport the information and tactics to a civilian environment
i am a lover of japanese movies . i even purchased a masterpiece ( sadakan no . <NUM> ) for $ <NUM> for a vhs . i have a huge collection of japanese jems . so i know what i 'm talking about . heck i 'm even japanese myself : - ) but let me tell you -- maborosi must mean major boring .. this movie can be condensed easily into <NUM> minutes and probably be still too boring . yumiko is traumatized as a kid as grandma says she wants to go away and die ... please stop you are too young to die .. but grandma leaves anyway and yumiko dreams about this repeatedly . yumiko has a hubby and kid and hubby commits suicide . she mops throughout the movie from start to finish . she wears nothing but black and rarely smiles and sustains a flat affect . a totally unrealistic movie ; in real life , yumiko would have to worry about getting a job and pay bills rather than worrying about her psychological traumas because she has a kid to take care of . ( her husband was some kind of laborer . ) the movie is dreadfully boring . boring . boring . boring . it goes into trivial daily life and irrelevant conversations and becomes the whole of the movie with very little plot . it goes on and on and on making you sleepy sleepy sleepy ... masterpiece -- how on earth ? ? ? ? ? it 's another example how winning an international film prize does not necessarily mean it is good . now if you have problems with insomnia or need a sleep remedy-please by all means purchase this . it 's hard to follow only because it puts you to sleep sooo well ! i 'm not exaggerating . if you decide to purchase this boring movie , and believe the hype of the critics as it is highly overrated , well , i warned you . thank you
there are good b movies and wretched ones ... this one is wretched with a capital w ...... almost anything with casper in it other than `` starship troopers '' is usually horrible ... this film seemed ok i mean it has rod steiger and kim catrall in it ! ! ! i figured it would be a b movie and be `` fun '' but in the end its just baaaaad .... its not witty like lost boys nor fun like `` john carpenter 's vampires '' ..... the film tries too hard to be funny at times and shlocky when it comes off very amatuerish . simply this is just a real waste of money and time ..
... but it 's true . sammy 's gone country . there are <NUM> maybe <NUM> tracks on this whole album that are any good . my taste in music is very broad with one exception - country . if i had to name one rock icon of mine , it would be sammy and ... sammy ... you really let me down with this album . it pains me to say so , but i ca n't recommend this album to the classic hagar rock fan
this book could have been so much better since the plot is really good . the writing here is a knockoff of michael crighton and really doesnt juve very well . i found myself skimming the pages after a while . the subject of a super algorithm to translate code that has been corrupted is a good one and almost deserves to be written over again
i rented this movie from netflix recently , expecting a wonderfully campy , cheesy horror film . wrong . its just an hour and a half of boring film . the plot is lacking , the characters are annoying , especially duane . its simply a ridiculous film
after reading robert caro 's masterful biographies ( volumes <NUM> and <NUM> ) of lbj , i yearned to learn more about the background of lady bird -- specifically what contributed to her not only staying married to lbj but to singlemindedly propelling his career forward . well , russell 's book certainly disappoints . it is very poorly and awkwardly written and edited . the only new information that i gleaned from this book was gossipy . if one wishes to learn substantive information about lady bird ( and of course about lbj ) , caro 's biographies are a far superior source
morris believes that the bible can be scientifically proven . this is impossible , since the bible is a religious text . it is an interesting read , but keep in mind that morris uses bad science and fallacy after fallacy to make his religion look scientific
while i doubt i 'll ever get used to the edited ( single ? ) version of 'nights in white satin ' presented here , i have to agree that the song selection in general is excellent for a compilation of this seminal band . that said , the moody blues ( or more likely , their record label ) have n't exactly been shy about releasing such anthologies and hits collections on cd , either . while 'gold ' represents an affordable means of buying some of the best known and loved music from the moody blues , it also is for me one of the most trying listening experiences as well . if i had to guess , i 'd say much of the music contained on 'gold ' comes from different masters than the songs currently found on other collections , and on the band 's original cd albums . there are definite issues with the sonic quality of these songs as presented on this disc . for instance , the music track of 'nights ' is horrendously compressed in comparison to earlier cd versions of this song ; perhaps the record label was working with an unremastered single release master of the song ( my guess ) , but the audible discrepancies between this version and earlier examples ( albeit , in the full album form including the late lament and the full orchestral intro ) are hard for this listener to stomach . i can point to any of the earlier music included here and say pretty much the same thing . whatever the reason , the original source material used for this cd could 've seriously benefitted from earnest remastering work . while i suspect that would 've raised the asking price of 'gold ' , i also would contend that great music deserves such caring treatment . as it is , too much of 'gold ' as issued is indeed quite tarnished , which in the real world given the metal that goes by periodic symbol of au would 've been impossible to do . but evidently in realm of the corporate music world , when selling music on the cheap and banging out sloppily compiled cds it 's very easy to take the most precious and thoroughly muck it up
i love this movie ! it is so incredibly stupid and funny . it is absolutely ridiculous and slightly crass . the grinch and the whos look like a bunch of clowns . the film was predictable and completely ripped off from the animated tv special . this is n't as stupid as barney , because at least the makers of this film actually tried to be funny , rather than just childish and retarded . this film has gotten a lot of mixed reviews on amazon.com , so be sure to rent it before you buy it .
sadly , one of the greatest rock songs of all time finds itself on one of the most boring rock albums of all time . to add insult to injury , the notes on the cd cover proudly boast of ' a full eight months recording ' time , which had been 'preceded by a year and a half of reflection and writing ' . we 're talking <NUM> months here , surely time enough to produce a decent album . instead , they produced their only good song , which i 'll say again , is an acknowledged classic , only hated by true eagles fans , as most true fans hate the classics of their favourite bands . if an unknown band had tried to get a record deal at that time on the basis of the rest of the filler , i seriously doubt they 'd have been successful . for good use of studio time see what can be done with just <NUM> hours of it on led zeppelin i
this was the first book by danielle steele that i have read and it will be the last i read by her . i was truly disappointed and believe she is a highly over-rated author . the story was very drawn out and i caught myself dozing off a few times because the book was so boring . if you want to fall asleep quick then this is the book for yo
ca n't remember when i 've seen a film with more depraved and pathetic characters than this . a has-been silent screen star who lives in a sinister dark house surrounded by a gzillion of her own photos and a weirdo butler essentially kidnap a holiday screen writer , down on his luck . the writer wanders onto what appears to be deserted property , and hides his car trying to escape a finance co . the threesome make the creepiest trio you could ever imagine . in one early scene they have a funeral , casket and all , for a monkey . yuk . gloria swanson was directed to play a woman who still thinks she can make a come back by writing her own script , though she despises movies that `` talk '' . she waves her hands about , and makes strange corny expressions with her face in every scene . she falls for the screen writer , william holden , and wo n't let him out of her sight . the film was made in <NUM> , and swanson is supposed to be playing a woman of only <NUM> , not exacty over the hill ( if we look at many of today 's movie stars . ) but she 's treated in the film as though she much , much older . i thought she was supposed to be about <NUM> or so , but her age is mentioned towards the end of the film . my heavens , at <NUM> she could still be in movies , and from the amount of money she apparently had , did n't need to be living in such a dark , creepy house . film did n't make sense . sorry i bought it . it was ridiculous .
the dvd covers all of the bike week including cars , women , and bikes . you really dont hear the traffic sounds , or cars or people talking . the background sounds or people talking is over shadowed by continuous background tracks . when you do hear background sounds or people talking its hindered since the music audio is higher than the verbal or background tones . watchable , but not worth a dvd collection
after reading the <NUM> star review on this dvd i purchased it hoping that if it even came close to this recommendation i would be overjoyed . anyone if even faintly familier with classical piano has heard of rubinstein who is certainly considered one of the greatest pianists of the 20th century . unfortunately he is not one of the great actors of the 20th century and this staged production done , i 'm guessing for tv or the schoolroom , is truly pathetic . the film is dark and grainey and the fidelity is awful . i know this was made in <NUM> so what should i expect ? better than this . there are some wonderful classical performances on dvd with supberb audio and video so maybe i 'm spoiled . if your looking for a great recording of rubinstein buy the phillips great pianists of the 20th century <NUM> cd set . you wo n't be disappointed .
what a great premise and start to the movie as most of the world 's children fall into a coma . <NUM> years later , no children are born that do n't fall into the same coma . the stock market crashes , riots , the world is uneasy . then the children wake up and they are out for blood . sounds great , and the children first waking up is really scary . then the story just falls apart , and the ending is just stupid . nothing is really explained , and you are left empty at the end . no real gore and average acting . clive barker 's name is attached , but he certainly did not write this
one word . generic . terrible . boring . ( well , they are all one word ) people must learn to have a better taste in music . granted there is at least one good song . a few others are decent , but only because there are no vocals . if you have heard any new band for the last <NUM> years , you have heard pulse ultra . my friend likes breaking binjaman ( another uber generic rock band in my book ) and he listened to <NUM> songs from pulse ultra and said `` thats enough '' . do yourself a favor and buy a good cd . when will people learn !
i am <NUM> and in love with all arthurian literature . as i was reading nancy springer 's `` i am morgan le fay '' , i got extremely bored . it was so juvenile . her relationship with thomas was just odd . it completely destroyed the legend . if you really , and i mean really want to read a great book about arthurian literature , i can recommend some for you . obviously , marion zimmer bradley 's masterpiece , `` the mists of avalon '' is one of them . here are some others . * * queen of camelot ~ nancy mckenzie * * the guinevere series ~ persia woolley * * yet another guinevere series ~ sharan newman * * in camelot 's shadow ~ sarah zettel * * for camelot 's honor ~ sarah zettel * * prince of dreams ~ nancy mckenzie * * grail prince ~ nancy mckenzie * * sword of the rightful king ~ jane yolen * * the romance of tristan ~ beroul * * the firebrand ~ debra a. kemp * * other works by marion zimmer bradley , such as priestess of avalon and the firebrand
nothing but self-important producer yacking about how accomplished he was at an early age , as mere snipnets of what i thought was going to be a movie were shown . very disappointing , as listing did n't indicate that this was not the full movie uninterupped
this book came highly recommended and got some great blurbs , but in my opinion is quite overrated . the writing is n't particularly good , and there really is n't much meat . there are actually no real descriptions of most of the action . for instance , we know she and her two pals hated turning to cannibalism , but that 's all ( compare/contrast to `` life of pi '' by yann martel , which if full of gory detail of being stranded at sea , but that 's what makes it real ! ) . by the way , when one starving animal eats another starving animal , they still starve to death , because of the lack of essential fatty acids . most mainstream fiction editors appear to have little if any knowledge of science , unfortunately . i came away from this read with very little in the way of vicarious experience and only a few ( repetitive ) visual images . it reads like a pretentious but untalented teenager 's diary
i found that this book was not very helpful and it is outdated
i 'm so glad i only got this book out of the library . i would want my money back if i had paid for it ! granted i am only trying my first recipe from it now ( linzer roll cookies ) , but the directions are contradictory and full of errors . for instance , the recipe tells you to roll the dough out into one <NUM> inch square and in the next sentences tell you what to do with the rectangles of dough . so we go from one square to some rectangles . so nick , which one is it supposed to be ? i guess i 'll just have to wing it ! hello , is n't a professional pastry chef supposed to know his stuff ? i 'll stick with the king arthur flour , their new cookie book is fabulous as is their complete baking book
i picked this book up in order to quickly get a better understanding of mormon history . the bushmans rapidly cover lds history , but i was not satisfied with the depth of the material . the book is pretty much a straight narrative with little attempt at interpretation or critical evaluation . of course , the book is part of a series of religious history surveys for the general reader , so it is not too surprising that the bushmans do not go very deep . nonetheless , at only <NUM> pages , they could have offered a little bit more meat to their treatment of lds history . the first half of the book dealing with early mormon history is the best , but far too uncritical . ( what ever happened to those golden plates revealed to joseph smith ? ) the second half of the book starts to read like a tract put out by the church . it has an almost apologetic tone . when a controversial issue is broached , like mormon teaching about african americans , the authors handle it very delicately . since the authors are both historians at columbia , i expected better . it almost seems that the book was slapped together , especially at the end where the bushmans jump from topic to topic . having said all of that , i did learn some things from this volume , but there has got to be a better introduction to mormon history out there . for those interested in a more critical look at one event in mormon history , check out & quot ; blood of the prophets & quot ; by will bagley
i was n't expecting a whole lot out of mimic <NUM> . after all , it was the direct-to-video sequel for a science fiction film that did n't do very well at the box office to begin with . however , even with my low expectations i was disappointed . the film started off well enough , having a minor character from the first film become the lead in this one . however , nothing exciting was done with the concept . instead , the premise of the original was stretched as far as it would go beyond belief . the last remaining judas bug knows its time is running out . so , it has to mate so the species will continue to survive . however , this bug evolved to the point where it adapted to mimic humans . therefore , the only creature worthy of it mating with is a human . get it ? pretty twisted , huh ? good . now , do n't waste your time watching this movie
i guess some people out there actually liked this , but not here . `` from out of nowhere '' is somewhat decent , but after that the rest of this blows dead bears . i especially hate `` epic '' which if not for this the group would never had made it . i guess because of the diversity to the song that made it popular , but it made me want to gag , and then vomit as the song does n't make sense to me for starters , and in the key of e , and just droning on and on for over <NUM> minutes that it 's worse than the gas chamber . after that it just got worse . <NUM> years has come and gone , and it still stinks .
robert g. allen is a notorious and relentless internet spammer . if you should happen to somehow end up on one of his email lists like i did , he will send you several junk emails a day . unsubscribing does n't work , and trying to block the sender 's domain is useless because the emails are sent from a different domain every time . the funny part is that the emails are n't even coded properly . they always show up as just a bunch of html code . would you really take internet money-making advice from a guy who ca n't even code html properly ? anyway , his spamming practices are completely illegal and it 's only a matter of time before the law catches up with him . but that should n't come as any surprise considering that mister allen has been in trouble with the law before . he 's had several run-ins with the irs , lawsuits against him , and a chapter <NUM> bankruptcy . i would also stay away from his nothing down real estate methods . many of those practices are illegal , and the president of the nothing down club in atlanta wound up in federal prison because of it . for more info on allen , visit johntreed dottcomm , click on real estate investing , then click real estate guru ratings . bottom line , do n't trust this guy and do n't buy his books . and if you 're reading this mr. allen , take me off your @ % # & * $ mailing list ! !
i wish i had not purchased this item . not user friendly -- confusing to use for a novice .
i bought a dog-eared copy of this collection ( & quot ; trouble is my business & quot ; ) at a book sale for $ 1.50 a year ago . the copy i have is thick with <NUM> stories . i bought this copy of & quot ; trouble is my business & quot ; to have a better copy , but was disappointed to discover that it had been whittled down to only the final four marlowe stories . my question is , what the hell happened to the first <NUM> and why is amazon.com still describing this as a collection of <NUM> when there are merely four ? that 's not jake , fellas
i 'm a long time fan of the anna pigeon mysteries , and have read all the others . unfortunately , `` hard truth '' does not live up to the quality of ms. barr 's earlier works . it feels very contrived . it also appears to take advantage of stereotypes against religious groups . this book just does not meet the expectations i 've come to expect from the series .
this movie is not vulgar nor does it rate nc17 ... dont believe the hype . check out pink flamingos instead , now that is a vulgarly righteous movie by waters and the with the goddess of filth .. devine
this movie is good , if you do not think of the traditional arthurian story . but , unfortunately , to those of us who like the original arthurian story , this is really a bad movie . also , richard gere 's character fits his real life attitude and so he really did n't have to act in this movie .... do n't get me wrong , i love the movie , as a movie , but , it has little to do with the king arthur legend ... much like the more recent movie about king arthur . because of this , it is a major let down to real arthurian lovers ...... so , i am torn between giving it <NUM> stars for being a fun and exciting movie and giving it a negative <NUM> stars for letting us true arthurian buffs down ..... so , i will give it a <NUM> star rating ...
life is too short to be spent reading drivel . stuart woods was really off the mark with this book . you should n't rest on your laurels mr. woods , your audience deserves better . i 've enjoyed your past books very much , but this one left a lot to be desired . i was very put off by stone barrington 's bed-hopping activities in this story . with arrington ( mother of his son ) one night , then with holly the next , i do n't recall him being quite that indescriminate in other books . the plot was relly silly and contrived , it must have been that the publisher was pressing for a story , never mind quality . do n't waste your money on this one
here we have what has to be one of the most mind bogglingly boring movies ever made ! i could n't believe what i was watching ! moreover , i am aghast that this film garnered some acclaim and that some reviewers on these pages even saw fit to award this dreck with an unbelievable four and five star rating . what is going on ? is it me or them that has totally lost the plot of what movies are supposed to be all about ? am i naive to think that movies should first and foremost entertain ? where oh where was the entertainment in this lame effort of a film with its unsteady shaky comera work , hamfisted confusing screenplay lacking energy and inventiveness and the cloying performance of modern cinema 's most tedious and overrated sleep inducing actor ralph fiennes ? how i long for the good old days when we had great movies with great actors from great writers and great directors and which achieved what they set out to do - entertain.sadly with the emergence of such a travesty as `` the constant gardener '' it appears that we unfortunate `` real '' film lovers are in for a dismal viewing future .
... i will have to shoot myself if i am forced to watch this again . the animations are very annoying , the court jesterish feel is very annoying and the portrayal of funshine bear ( my favorite ) as a pre-teenaged boy jokester is not my idea of what carebears is about . i was not impressed with this movie
since i loved jurassic park and the andromeda strain ( way back in high school ) i happily picked up congo at the airport . what an enormous disappointment - the book has the feel of having been written in an hour and a half . nonsensical details are never explained ( what 's with the gray gorillas and the paddles ? the gorillas were trained by the zing-ites , back in the day , to execute people with the paddles and they sort of got into it ? this is never made clear ) , the dramatic arc is entirely hosed up , and the characters are ridiculously one-dimensional . this is one of these books where you get to the last <NUM> pages and you realize that you 're sol - the plot is not going to come together , and you 're not going to be satisfied . that , plus the obsessive detail about boring <NUM> technology , left me entirely cold - this book hit the airport trash can the minute i debarked
after finishing the thread that runs so true by jesse stuart , i sit here to give you my review on this book . even though the book did n't catch my attention that much it had its ups and downs . the only thing that caught my attention while reading this book was how he fought back against the `` man '' and got his job back , but then he stuck it to them at the end . as for the down points of the book it would have to be the rest of the book . i could not in a million years honestly recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a book to read
this movie made me sick to my stomach . here we have a woman like nora ephron , a woman with professional job skills and talent and when she marries , she turns into a needy , desperate women whom evidently believes her own self-worth is determined by having babies , one after another . i ususally love all of meryl 's movies , but i could not stand seeing her turn into a needy , always pregnant & quot ; homemaker & quot ; . if i were a man , i would have run awary screaming , too
you can read some of the other reviews to get an idea of some of the specific errors ... the book is loaded with them from wrong moves to other typos ... how can this book help anyone if half the battle is trying to figure out whats going on ... he has quotes from people in years that they already were dead ... games with wrong year and people listed ... sad that they still publish books from this author ... i do not understand why they let books out with so many errors ... when i buy a chess book i expect it to have almost no errors ... this book has more errors than actual things that help players ... if you give this to someone and tell them to find all the errors ... they woudl probably have grandkids and still not find them all ... i dunno what he means by golden nuggets ... i think more work went into thinking of name of book than content ... books like this give chess books a bad name to say very least ... if you want a book on chess strategy try watson 's advances since nimzo ... even the mammoth book of chess will help you more than this item ... perhaps even consider silman 's strategy grandmaster techniques from a to z book . hopefully one of those books might help you in your game and give you value for your dollar ..
it 's simply not the best of sting '84-'94 . the version of we 'll be together ( a great song ) is an alternate take ( mix ? ) , vastly inferior to the album / radio version . it 's anemic . lacks the punch . in a word -- sucks . that you 're not told this on the cover is misleading . i really enjoy mr. sumner 's music . all the other tunes are as they should be , and they are terrific . 4-5 stars . but do n't buy this product if you expect to hear what you 've heard on the album or the radio
i looked at the name ( groovaloos ) and i looked at the cover -- and my gut told me not to get this dvd . i went against my gut and believed the reviews ; i wish i 'd listened to my gut . for those of you who think it looks and sounds a little hokey , you 're right on the money . they can all dance , but compared to what i expected , they seemed mediocre . here 's the lowdown : ( <NUM> ) the sound sucks - they 're in a city park and you can hear the instructions fine , but the music is n't loud enough to really `` feel '' something that makes you want to move , ( <NUM> ) they just seem like a group of people who do n't naturally have a rhythm , but they 've learned some moves ; it 's so not inspiring , ( <NUM> ) it 's not edgy enough , and ( <NUM> ) it looks good if you 've got a group doing it , but when someone 's doing it alone , it 's just okay . overall , this dvd was okay , but not great . get it only if you 're truly desperate
purely for fans of crappy van damme movies again like i says . really corny from beginning to end . paul sorvino is totally and utterly fat and moronic in this one . rob schnider is wasted and why the hell was he in this i will have no clue . van damme kicks more butt and does more corny things then he did in double team . with horrible dialouge and a plot that seems like it came from some guy wiping his ass with a piece of toilet paper and then saw it on the piece of paper and said hey ! ! ! ! damnit , lets make a movie about this piece of crap right here
i found this book extremely boring and very hard to read . the conversations do n't flow and the interaction between characters seems abrupt . in fact , i did n't even finish the book that is how borning it was . now , i do n't normally review every book i read unless i have very strong feelings and this produced a very strong sense of a waste of time ! ! ! do yourself a favor and get another book . maybe something by diane mott davidson
ok , i 'm down with funk , and i 've been down with the resergence in fusion/bugaloo/funk/jazz like mmw , greyboy , galactic . but i 'm sorry , the turkish instruments just do not work here . try imagining james brown with an irish jig band playing along . get my point ? they just do n't mix . do n't get me wrong , i 'm down with bfe . but did they have to throw the turks into every jam ? the mix was just too caustic
this music is excellent within the film . as a stand-alone work , it 's boring . it sounds like video game background music . some music works solely as incidental to the scenes in the film and this is the case with <NUM> . excellent film - uninspired soundtrack
it took me a couple months to get through this book . although there are many interesting clips [ from the author 's magazine interviews over the years ] , the book does not hang together . it appears that the author attempted to weave the stories together into some kind of themes , by decade : but there is really no & quot ; greater insight & quot ; provided . i would have preferred to read an anthology of more in-depth commentaries on a few female artists . i also found ms. hirshey 's ornate writing style to be difficult reading
then just pick up appetite for destruction afd was one of the greatest rock albums ever made . i wanted to hate the album so much . i was an alternative/avant guard snob when afd was released . to me , these clowns were just another hairspray band . but i took a long car trip with some chick i was banging and her roommate . the roommate played the tape at least three times on the trip . by the end , i was hooked . that 's the mark of truly great art . if it can draw in someone who 's predisposed to hate it , its got something special . i looked forward to the next album , g n ' r lies . but when it came out , i was disappointed . it was ok , but hardly the cultural epoch that was afd . nice boys was kind of fun . used to love her was a humorous novelty song . mama kin was a decent cover , but no real improvement over the original . the rest of the disk was just crap . but what the hell , its was just an ep right ? something to tide us over until the next brutal masterpiece . then came gnr 's death knell , the two use your illusions . over-produced , bloated , boring and pretentious . everything i had always hated hair-metal for in the first place . gone was the sound of the alley ways of sunset boulevard , replaced by the sound of computers , maids and beverley hills hookers n blow parties . rock n roll sung by a guy in custom-ripped jeans who just came out of a session with his hair stylist and manicurist . nothing to see here . move along . so , if you want to see the genius and promise of gnr , just pick up appetite for destruction , and pretend they just broke up after creating one of the greatest albums of all time
great ! jus wat hip hop needs , another idiot comin up talkin bout cars n money . its no wonder nas sez hip hop is dead . unless the real mcs stand up soon , hip hop has no hop
the movie title itself says a lot , the movie itself is a total scam , fools people to rent or to watch it . a horrible directing , script and performance . you 'd better jump off empire state building in the late afternoon if you feel bored than watching this brain-dean bad movie
this film is $ 7.50 at walmart ! the japanese goosebumps ! twilight zone wannabes ! yeah , it 's good . good to laugh at ! the sacrafice should have been packaged alone for $ 1.50 ; i would have been satisfied
excellent book on the life of benjamin franklin . he certainly was a genius and full of surprizes
i agree with david thomson when he says few audiences in the west would be content to view an american epic composed solely of battles and their contexts . kurosawa was a keen businessman and his reputation in the west was entrenched with `` kagemusha '' and `` ran '' , he knew what ( american ) audiences think of as heroic and mystical about `` historical '' japan : kurosawa 's art takes a great deal on its impetus from what americans ( or westerners ) imagine about japan . he was not popular in japan ( where they thought his stuff was particularly hokey and outmoded , hence the suicide attempt ) . i am not saying that the work is rubbish - there is no `` ugly '' shot in either `` ran '' or `` kag '' - merely that there are more `` authentically japanese '' films out there to choose from .
yes , there are flaws in kinsey 's statistics and sometimes his methods were unethical . these two problems still exist today . but i think this book goes too far . there are no references to back up the `` facts '' . it was written by a journalist with no credentials except that she is on a lifetime crusade to repress people 's sexuality . it is published by ascension press , a religious publisher . of course it is going to denounce his work . this publisher represents people who live by the bible and kinsey 's research does not follow the bible . so why does that make it wrong ? i would n't recommend this book to anyone with a brain .
i was hoping that the 2nd season would be an improvement from the 1st season , but sadly it is not . i am a major batman fan and grew up on batman : the animated series , batman/superman adventures , batman beyond , and justice league . the previous cartoons had great scripts and in depth charactors that made it exciting to watch .... i am finding that i am going off topic . the batman is not the cartoon for die hard fans of batman over the age of <NUM> . the show is written for a much younger audience that does not need a captivating script and deep charactors . instead this show focuses on the action sequences and way too many witty comebacks . i have to say this , but what the heck is the penguin doing when he is fighting batman ? has he traveled the world and studied numerous martial arts ? since when can he jump from tree branch to tree branch and swing around and kick batman
although bold for its time , this film is nothing more than a rather unimaginative <NUM> politically charged western . apart from the novel idea of using the generic gung-ho western style of the day to advance a civil rights theme , this film is simply plagued with an unimaginative screenplay , poor direction , a script full of cliches , and terrible acting . a small town of yankees is angered by the return of former confederate matt weaver ( george segal ) and decides to hire a gunman . jules gaspard d'estaing ( brynner ) , a creole from louisianna , is hired to do the job but he is soon found to be a man of conscience and principle . it so happens that the yankees are the biggots and the southerner the victim with the colored man as the conscience of the film . a predictable love affair also springs up in a vain attempt to relieve the audience from its boredom . this is simply a terrible film with cliched dialogues and situations juxtaposed solely to make a blunt political statement as to diversity , equality , and justice . yul brynner is the only good actor in this film and even his performance suffers as a result of this simply atrocious production . this film has n't aged well and its subtle attempts at addressing the prevalent social issues of its day are as novel and moving as a sidney poitier film . this film is just too antiquated and poorly conceived to be worth owning or even watching .
i 've read all of dianne dorrans saeks books and own many of them . i eagerly await each new addition so i was very dissapointed in california interiors.it appears to be written and photographed for a european market . it 's all stuff we 've seen over and over again with no cohesive theme . the graphics are n't up to her usual standards , the book does n't seem to have any design . it looks as though it 's a first time effort
as other have stated , the performance is excellent . my wife and i watched this in vegas and thoroughly enjoyed the show . with that said , my review is for the extremely poor job the video editor did . they used some kind of filter on many of the shots . they change camera angles <NUM> times in <NUM> minute to the point that is unbearable and painful to watch . you do not get to see the dancers perform any full steps because the angle switches before they finish it . additionally they use these slow motion segments that totally ruin the moment and create the unsynchronized dance with the music . i have to sell my copy because i get nauseas watching it . i hope they re-make this dvd . i think my 7-year old daughter could do a better job editing ... and we could use the additional revenue stream ...
this album shows sadly that nancy has lost her pipes , albeit ever so slowly . she misses as many as she hits . the arrangements are good and the surrounding cast is excellent with bob mintzer , james moody , tom scott and many others and the artwork is superb ! she looks great in the photos , and maybe that 's good enough reason to buy it . but the singing is poor and her choice of numbers is n't so great either . i suspect that if she would keep it light and moving along at a faster swing-type tempo , as say sinatra did at the end , she would sound better . still a very classy lady though .
scorcese is not your guy . this review covers disk one only . scorcese is a great director no doubt . he 's also presented some fantastic clips from the period . but his understanding of the blues is so warped by the search for authentic african origins that you have to wonder whether he 's ever read anything about the subject . an unintentionally hilarious classic of clueless romanticism . reminded me of another italian-american director 's tribute to the cult of phony authenticity , the corleone village scenes in godfather i and ii .
jon bon jovi should definitely stick to singing because he 's a horrible actor , but that does not even begin to describe how terrible `` vampires- los muertos '' is ... as horrible of an actor as jon bon jovi may be , `` vampires-los muertos '' is an even worse movie . vampires , that 's a laugh ... this movie has a terrible plot and the acting is even worse . the original `` vampires '' sucked too , but this one is even worse folks ! definitely one of the worst so called `` horror '' movies of all-time and that my friends is saying something ! ! can you believe some people call this a horror movie ... well , you can imagine what i call it ... yes sir , i just call it rubbish and that 's being very kind .
... but i listen to them even less ! i bought this album at random a few years ago . my first impression after i bought it was & quot ; mediocre british band & quot ; . i 've listened to it a couple times since then , the most recent today , and my impression has n't changed . if it were n't for the fact that brian eno contributed to this album i 'd probably give it one star
sit down under a tree , give it a big hug , fire up you bong and go to sleep . that 's what i was waiting for freeman to do all movie . it 's a shame that special effects that were so ground breaking were waisted on this sci-fi hippie flick . i 'm surprised that freeman 's suit was n't tie-dyed . keep your money say no to drugs !
... you have . this film has been compared to `` logan 's run '' , `` the matrix '' , and `` coma '' , to name a few , but it most strongly resembles <NUM> b movie `` parts : the clonus horror '' , probably most widely screened by viewers of movie mock-a-thon `` mystery science theater <NUM> '' . sitting through `` the island '' , i kept thinking to myself `` boy , this looks familiar . '' in fact , `` the island '' is almost a complete , play-by-play clone ( ba da ching ! ) of `` parts '' , right down to the outfits worn by the clones . there is currently a lawsuit against bay brought by the makers of `` parts '' , which should be an open-and-shut case . this film is set in a futuristic clone colonie , where the wealthy and influential pay top dollar to keep copies of themselves available for spare parts . the clones are kept docile and in the dark by the facility 's employees , not allowed to leave until they are selected to go to an almost mythical paradise ( the island ) . of course , the clones allegedly going to the island are actually being euthanized for their organs , their patrons having gotten sick . the movie focuses on a male clone who questions his environment and eventually brings down the enterprise . ewan mcgregor is satisfactory in this role , his acting reasonably good despite the bland dialouge . his female counterpart , scarlet johansen , is pure eye candy , a mediocre actress who happens to be a knockout blonde but leaves you wondering if she would get the lead ( or even a major part ) in a college play ( the best performance is turned in by sean bean , the evil scientist . ) there is plenty of action for the viewer to chew on , making for an entertaining enough popcorn movie , but it is not only nothing special , it is nothing original . maybe worth a rental , but not much more
i get the feeling that most of the reviews on here for this album are written by folks who feel special because they think they discovered some new amazing genre and sound that no one else knows about . hate to break it to you kids , but this sounds has been around since the mid 90s . it was called neutral milk hotel and it was vastly superior to these con-artists called the decemberists . before you disagree with me , go pick up neutral milk hotel 's in the aeroplane over the sea ( <NUM> ) , and then try to disagree
we were very disappointed - it seems that a considerable amount was left out , whar happened ? the tv series included considerable more than was in that set of dvd 's . we saw them a couple of weeks ago and are still quite angry !
i personally believe dr. dyson has the best interest of black folk at heart . i really do . however , i think he is misguided and i am not impressed by him . i admit i did not finish the book . once he began his personal attacks on mr. cosby i left it alone . bill said what many of us say in private . period . you can argue that he picked the wrong time and place , but the message is the right one . maybe he did not say it as nicely as he could have , but it is still the truth . at the end of the day there are way too many writers and speakers trying to pass themselves off as leaders . leaders lead , writers write , and speakers talk . the sad thing about it is so many of our people incorrectly accept these people as leaders . there are too many people trying to tell us what to think and not enough showing our people what to do . while dyson beats cosby down personally i ask what should some of these young brothers do to better their situation ? there are basically two kinds of people in this world . you either look for people and things that confirm what you think to be true . or you look for people and things that will reveal the truth rather it confirms what you thought or turns it on its head . at this time our people need the truth , not more pandering .
these <NUM> movies are indeed landmark movies in chinese cinema and definetly for jet li and movie kung fu . however , i watched <NUM> minutes of te first movie on this compilation which does n't have english subs ( i do n't mind , but every other dvd i have ever seen has this ) also , in the first ten minutes , there have been <NUM> incredibly bad awkward translations . for some reason , cousin yi is now aunt <NUM> and chu 's bird is now chu 's beard . this is crap . do not buy this , buy the movies seperately , you can probably find them each for <NUM> bucks , and they would be more satisfying that way
this movie is the story of a gay cuban writer who eventually makes it to the u.s. to escape the persecution he 's suffered in cuba . and that 's about all that can be inferred from this movie . there are large chunks that are spoken in a different language . but there are no english subtitles so you have no idea at all what 's going on . this disrupts the already choppy flow of the movie so that it has almost no cohesiveness at all . whatever the message of this movie is , whatever it 's trying to convey , it 's lost in the plotless story
this extremely expurgated version sells for about a dollar a minute ! so if you think a <NUM> minute ( estimate ) feature is worth the price , by all means , buy this . if not , save yourself the heartbreak i suffered
this is a very comprehensive book about the general subject of raising bilingual children , based on a number of case studies . i am sure that therefore it would be of great use to anyone studying a linguistic subject in this realm . however as a handbook for parents who want to raise a bilingual child it hardly offers any advise . i have a different native tongue than my wife , who 's native language is english . living in an english speaking country i would like my daughter to learn my ( foreign ) native language too . what i was looking for is a book with tips and ideas , such as word games , books , etc . to bring a second language playfully and naturally into a toddler 's life . if you are looking for such a book too , this is not the one . although the book may be good for a linguistics student i have to give it a low rating because of its misleading title
the only song i liked off the soundtrack was the royal crown song the rest were kind of bland
... because i thought white oleandar was brilliant . but this book ? not so much . i would not be surprised if paint it black were something fitch wrote before she got her bestseller published . it felt much less fully realized . i found the text to be sprawling , unedited , self-indulgent . i generally have no problem with unreliable and/or unlikable narrators , but this one was more tiring than she was menacing . the whole book was written in one note , so i , too , agree with the `` flat '' description . i found the characters ( the distant , brilliant , rich mother ; the sassy best friend ; the beautiful , troubled boyfriend ) to be very stock and borderline cliche . i absolutely savored every word of fitch 's first book ; reading this one , unfortunately , was like returning to a restaurant where you 'd had the most amazing creme brulee of your life , only to find it cold and runny the second time you ordered it .
so , before the other reviewers jump all over me and accuse me of all manner of personal deficiencies , let me state for the record that i am over <NUM> , remember the cold war very clearly , am not a pc leftist , and am perfectly capable of enjoying wacky farce . that said , this movie just did n't work for me . the premise was good , but the jokes were only occasionally funny - most of them were lazy and feeble and just fell flat . and except for cagney , the actors were too shrill and strident . everyone was straining so hard to get it across that `` hey , folks , this is really funny stuff here , ca n't you see us sweat ? '' comedy needs to appear effortless . this movie is wearisome . okay , let the motive-sniffing and ad hominem remarks begin
i could n't read the whole thing in order to know for sure . it was dry . i did n't get the imagery - i know it 's supposed to be a classic , and i really wanted to read the book , i did - but it was long and boring and i just do n't get why it 's so `` classicly popular '' . sorry , but it 's how i feel . now , that being said , i read a condensed version of it , and i discovered the story was a little bit interesting - but that 's as far as i can go , even with the condensed version - it was only `` a little bit '' interesting
this may be a bit of spoiler but i was completly dissappointed in the end of this book/trilogy . i could not understand how she was going to wrap up so many story lines in last few pages of the book and then i learned . i felt i was reading the end of a story witten by a parent trying to rush their children to bed . after three books i had invested a great deal of time into these characters and story lines . to wrap them up so hasty , with such outragouse coincidence and neatness did not do justice to what otherwise was a very thoughtful series of books .
this is a product of the lazy , latter-day leonard who knows he 's a great writer who can just sit back and let it flow . the onetime master of concision now takes a hundred-odd pages just to set things up . even his ear for dialogue has started to fade on him . now everybody like , y'know , talks like , uhh , some kinda boob , get what i 'm sayin ' ? the line of self-parody is lying a little too close in these pages . he still has a hand with the quirky minor characters , though they ca n't carry an entire 350-page plus novel . but this one did make it clear to me why leonard is so popular with the pomo crowd : his characters inhabit an utterly amoral universe , one with no values or standards whatsoever . here , e.g. , the protagonist is that well-known figure drawn from life , the friendly , easygoing loan shark . in your traditional crime novel -- chandler or either macdonald can serve as examples -- the action occurs against a hard-edged moral framework that is at least given lip service . now i wo n't demand that every piece of fiction act as a morality play . but this was a case where i finished the thing , and kind of enjoyed the ride , but did n't like myself for it . in leonard 's recent novels , all that matters is who gets to take home the candy . and when you get right down to it , that just ai n't enough .
anti-corporate cassandras grind axes to sparse audiences these days . in o'boyle 's piddling attempt to make us outraged at ge , he destroys his own credibility . by attempting to pin every social ill of the late 20th century on jack welch -- a good , if ruthless ceo -- his ideological ship spins wildly out of control . downsizing is his fault . ( hello , organizations are becoming streamlined all over the developed world ) media sensationalism is his fault . ( welch personally delights in the bottom dwelling content of dateline nbc ) anybody who has ever worked for a corporation , especially one as big as ge , knows a few things that should make readers way of o'boyle 's hokey cause and effect analysis : <NUM> . the ceo does not micromanage his or her company -- thousands of important decisions are made under a ceos jurisdiction every day . <NUM> . corporations are not social utopias , and should n't be . people get fired sometimes . but people are also given opportunities to do interesting work . and competition is good . <NUM> . if there is a ubitiquitous problem in society , e.g . families are no longer as stable , a corporation , which is sample unit of social organization , will usually reflect , or possibly be linked more directly to that problem . however , small minds confuse this with causality , not understanding the methodological pitfall of ad hoc ergo propter hoc . for example- families break up more , partially because people do n't balance work and family very well . lots of people work for corporations . corporations caused the decline of the american family . read the book -- o'boyle is guilty of not understanding these truths and more
this sounds a lot like 'out of time ' , but not quite as good in some respects . 'pop song <NUM> ' is a perfect opening to the album , it moves along nicely and is pretty catchy . other highlights include 'world leader pretend ' , with nice percussion and steel guitars . there are three acoustic songs which began kind of a theme on the next couple of albums . 'you are the everything ' to me has absolutely no melody and moves along rather boringly . 'the wrong child ' attempts to utilise harmony vocals . they are completely out of key with each other . another poor effort . the high 'okayyyy ' parts are unbelievably out of tune . 'hairshirt ' is third cut in the same vein as the previous two . same chordal structure without much melody going on anywhere . clearly , the ballads needed to be perfected . 'orange crush ' is a more catchy tune . mike mills can also be heard in the chorus and , at the risk of sounding controversial , he actually has a better voice . much purer . why he did not sing any lead until the next album , is just unbelievable . probably the strongest track . the best way of summing up this album is that it consists of three types of songs ... <NUM> ) the pop songs - pop song <NUM> ( good ) , get up ( ok ) , stand ( rubbish ) , the bonus cut ( ok and catchy ) <NUM> ) the ballads - mentioned above , all rubbish . <NUM> ) the rock songs - world leader pretend ( good - toes line of being a ballad also ) , i remember california ( grundgy , not too bad ) , orange crush ( very good ) , turn you inside out ( rubbish
notwithstanding the l. a . times describing this book as easy-to-use and informative , i found it close to useless . the basic problem is that it does not give information for any individual drugs - it gives info only for drug classes . as an example , i tried to get information on using cipro for travelers ' diarrhea . i had to look up cipro in the index , where i was referred to the fluoroquinolones section , which lists cipro along with <NUM> other wide-spectrum antibotics . there is no cipro-specific information regarding usage , dosage , or anything else . ( nor was there any mention of travelers ' diarrhea . ) since the information covers <NUM> distinct , although related , drugs , the information is necessarily very generalized . by way of contrast , the essential guide to prescription drugs <NUM> , which i purchased at the same time , does provide descriptions for individual drugs , and it lists travelers ' diarrhea as one of the off-label uses for cipro . the pdr family guide also lists individual drugs
i was expecting a bit more from this movie , but i guess if i had really thought about it , anything starring joan crawford at this point in her life , and the always rebellious/troubled/angry john garfield , could not have risen above what the film ended up being . my dislikes : the music ; often way too loud , way too much , very very annoying to me . had to continually turn down the volume when the film went musical , which was much too often . joan 's character : well , she was middle aged , married , downing glass after glass of alcoholic beverages constantly , a chain smoker ; no decent man would be attracted to that sort of woman . well , john garfield was n't a decent man . i have yet to see a john garfield role i liked ... he always portrays characters who are angry and rebellious , self centered , going against life the wrong way . i did n't like him , i did n't like joan , and so i did n't really care about them and ultimately the point of the movie . they had one of those uncomprehendable romances where seeminly they are deeply in love , yet they do n't show it or speak it and you definitely do n't feel it . at the end , joan was just over the top as a drama queen and by this time i was so fed up with this whole film i just kept saying , `` okay joan , we know you are going to take your final swim so please just get on with it already so we can be finished with this boring and aggravating movie ! '' but no , she had to walk at least <NUM> miles down the beach in her evening gown and high heels , and weep and weep , and make faces , and clutch her hair in despair , and on and on she went and all the while the loud music is playing out her `` sorrow and pain '' ! what a relief when it was finally over ! there are some films that leave me feeling very upset and agitated , and this was definitely one of them . what helped me get over it was to read some of the great reviews here on amazon ... some were so funny because they were so true about the stupidity of this movie that i laughed and laughed ! laughter is indeed a great healer ! i also did not go for the cynical piano player friend and his constant stream of one liners . cynical humor is n't humor and it is n't funny ; it 's pathetic and sad . i am sure die hard joan and john fans will always love this film , but all others should be able to see it for what it really is
i bought this cd thinking it was the <NUM> cd set i saw in the commercial , and i was wrong . it is a single cd with only half of what the tv version has
wow . i wish there was a way to give this steaming heap a rating of no stars . o'reilly is good at what he does and he should stick to it . fiction is clearly not his strong suit . his characters were cardboard cutouts , his dialogue stilted and ludicris , his situations cliched and riddled with stereotypes , and his schizophrenic writing veers betweeen pompous moralizing and salacious hyperventilation . reading it made me wonder just how sharp this guy 's mind really is . if this trash is any indication of o'reilly 's true worldview , he 's a sick , sad man indeed
well i bought this series agaisnst the star rating it has and i can only say that in my humble opinion it is badly written the acting is ham , and the actors of a standard that do not rate on a scale of <NUM> to <NUM> and i do not mean they score higher than ten . i can not understand its five star rating as comparing it with other series such as medium , numbers , waking the dead , it should never have got passed the pilot.if i could i would rate it <NUM> stars.if there is a secound series i will not be buying it .
this is sabotage rather than a tribute to tupac . this does n't do him justice . listening to this cd , i thought of `` this is spinal tap '' - the part where they have the miniature version of stonehenge , and everyone is looking around thinking `` what the hell is going on ? '' that must have been how tupac felt at this show . the part of the cd where you can actually hear someone flipping through `` all eyez on me '' trying to find the right song ... that was when i knew this cd was crap . tupac put great pride into the quality and sound of his work . this is an abomination . well , what more can you say ? death row needed a little extra holiday bling , i guess .... my recommendation - do n't buy it . you might as well just listen to all eyez on me and sing along .
a book full of heartwarming stories from country stars , singers , writers , and listeners , or so the back of the book said . as i read some sentimental stories , and some down right boring stories i questioned how more than half of these stories got into the ` country1 edition of the chicken soup series . i loved about three stories , liked about ten , and was puzzled by all the other entries
although well written , this book is just left wing socialist blather . most egregiously in error is the author 's characterization of catholic social teaching . he wuld have us believe that the catholic church is all behind the us social welfare system . just one quote summarizes where the catholic church really is on this issue : `` in recent years the range of such intervention has vastly expanded , to the point of creating a new type of state , the so-called `` welfare state . '' this has happened in some countries in order to respond better to many needs and demands , by remedying forms of poverty and deprivation unworthy of the human person . however , excesses and abuses , especially in recent years , have provoked very harsh criticisms of the welfare state , dubbed the `` social assistance state . '' malfunctions and defects in the social assistance state are the result of an inadequate understanding of the tasks proper to the state . here again the principle of subsidiarity must be respected : a community of a higher order should not interfere in the internal life of a community of a lower order , depriving the latter of its functions , but rather should support it in case of need and help to coordinate its activity with the activities of the rest of society , always with a view to the common good . by intervening directly and depriving society of its responsibility , the social assistance state leads to a loss of human energies and an inordinate increase of public agencies , which are dominated more by bureaucratic ways of thinking than by concern for serving their clients , and which are accompanied by an enormous increase in spending . in fact , it would appear that needs are best understood and satisfied by people who are closest to them and who act as neighbors to those in need . it should be added that certain kinds of demands often call for a response which is not simply material but which is capable of perceiving the deeper human need . one thinks of the condition of refugees , immigrants , the elderly , the sick , and all those in circumstances which call for assistance , such as drug abusers : all these people can be helped effectively only by those who offer them genuine fraternal support , in addition to the necessary care . '' ( pope john paul ii , centessimus annus , <NUM> ) i could give you a quote for every other case where the author misrepresents church teaching . the author assumes that poor people are poor because others have too much . this assumption is not shared by the catholic church . i am a conservative largely because of catholic social teaching .
i bought this cd , and it wo n't play in my car because of the copy protection . so i returned it . wayn
i had such high hopes for this book - nominated for all those prizes ! if you 're looking for gay fiction then this book is for you . it should be sold with the porn magazines - the first <NUM> pages ramble on and on about gay sex - but never get to a storyline . i tried to endure . i kept hoping there was a story ! i grew up in britain and thought this sounded like a great perspective on the iron lady ( prime minister margaret thatcher ) and <NUM> 's britain . but it 's just about a guy trying to fit in with a bunch of snobbish upper class twits ! oh yes , and there 's lots of gay sex
the first album was so good - walking the fine line between cheesy pop and beautiful sentiment . this one is just all cheese . the guitars have been replaced with <NUM> 's ( the bad <NUM> 's ) sounding synthesizers and the hooks , which may still be there , are just buried under layer after layer of production . i ca n't even believe this is the same band . i played it for several friends who i turned on to the delays without telling them who this was . the reception was .. uh .. not good
i purchased this book because it was assigned as a part of a literature curriculum for 7th grade . i am very glad that i read this book before allowing my <NUM> year old son to read it . this book is about gang violence ( although it is initially sugar coated as being fairly harmless pranks assigned to frightened students by one of the gang leaders . ) the book is also about angry , jaded , hateful teachers and administrators in a religious school and how they allow the gang to function in order to serve their own purposes . the ending has the one student who stood up against the gang being beaten up quite severely for his disobedience ( while the administrator of the school looks on from a nearby hill . ) before he is taken away in the ambulance , the student tries to tell his one and only friend to just do what the gang and the faculty want him to do . the message here is do not buck the system , no matter how corrupt the system is . within the first few pages the book refers to masturbation . ( another re-curring topic . ) i knew that it was questionable whether or not i would allow my son to read this book . i read the entire book myself hoping that there would be a redeming message in the end that would justify the rest of the book . there is n't . this is the first book that i have ever thrown away rather than passing on to someone else . save your money . i do n't care how many awards this book received . it is pure trash
i am a big fan of thomas newman . this is just too much the same on every track , unless you like the balkan dirge ( s ) for variety
i thought this book would provide more insight on kitchen appliances and ways to downsize but cook different meals . the recipes were awful in my opinion and i would not want to eat them even at home , much less on the open road . a few good hints but not at the price of buying the book brand new
i was such a huge tiesto fan until i saw this dvd . i bought it on the basis of other reviews but i guess i have n't yet joined the cult of p so have missed the point of the dvd . tiesto is a master at what he does there is no doubt about that however after this dvd i have lost some respect for him . i thought from the dvd i would learn a little more about the man eg influences , inspiration etc etc . instead all i got was a dvd that showed yet again that the dj has become greater than the music ( and i wo n't debate the merits or otherwise of that ) and endless shots of ( mostly americans ) going on about how brilliant he is . this dvd is self adulation / promotion at its worst , all i can say is shame on you tiesto making suckers out of your fans
i 'm not a professional critic or one that watches many movies . i just love <NUM> 's movies and since this movie had good reviews , i had to watch it . i was so dissapointed with the nerd and the rebel 's bad acting in the movie ; it was just horrible ! i like the storyline and the soundtrack , but the acting really ruined everything . if you just want to watch it to see some skin and not for good quality acting , then this is your movie
i love the sound of il divo , but this dvd has very bad sound . there are many times when you can not hear the singing and when you can the sound quality is not good . this has nothing to do with the singers ; it has to do with the sound engineer . this dvd is not worth the cost
nothing new in this book and cd does not add to the value of this purchase . i purchased the book and cd combination in hopes of having experiential exercises . exercises are provided , yet the author merely explains these on the cd versus guiding one through a meditation . it feels as if he is merely reading the directions for the exercises and the exercises are not new or imaginative . if one is new to self help books on healing trauma or anxiety , this may be the book for you . i 've read and heard authors and psychologists talk about the flight and fight response over <NUM> years ago . i , personally , have found more healing/success in spiritual books , guided meditations or intense physical exercise where my heart rate increases or in strength training .
ok , mr. koontz , could you please write a book that is not about dogs and how they are proof of god 's existence . this lame theme is more like preaching than entertainment . leave your retarded religious beliefs out of your books and maybe your stories will be good again . your novels used to be thriling page turners about survival ... now they are just lame religious stories about god and dogs . what has happened to you , mr. koontz ? are you losing your mind ? have fun at church ... and do n't forget to donate another $ 1,000 to president bush . i refuse to read any novel of yours that was written after '95 or so . that seems to be around the time that you became a kook
okay , so now you 're on two hit songs . well done , i-20 . but that does n't mean you should be a hit yourself . to all the people that went out and bought this , i 'm sorry but i really ca n't see why . you can be a talented rapper . get an interesting voice with lots of expression , put in some good backings and you 've got no problems . but i-20 fails here on both counts . does anyone else think that he 's got the most annoying voice ? that low drone is just a complete turn off and he does n't even bother to vary his voice . maybe a good beat could have saved him , but there 's no salvation here , either . in fact , the key tracks are the ones where he collaborates with someone else and lets them have the centre of attention , only because we do n't have to hear his voice - this makes backstage & hey shawty bearable . but , really , i-20 should take a good look at himself before he decides to make another album . feature on other people 's songs , sure , then you can still be a star . but at least then we wo n't have to listen to fifty mintues of you
i enjoy reading books of trivia and fun facts , but i did n't even make it through the first chapter before i put this book down in disgust . almost every entry had to do with sex or male endowments . as i was flipping through the book , i found x-rated pictures and drawings that i would hate to have to explain to my children if they were to pick up this book . i never would have bought this book if i had seen it in a bookstore , and i regret throwing it in the trash before i could see if i could get my money back
it 's a real shame & complete idiocy that number <NUM> , this show is n't sold as a season package & number <NUM> , that they ca n't sell it at an affordable rate . for example , if there was a dvd that had a complete season for around $ <NUM> or a dvd that had the complete seasons 1-3 for no more than $ 40-50 , this would make sense . it was a great show , but come on now lets be sensible & reasonable about thi
i bought this book thinking that it might be more than the usual time line history that so many other writers have produced . i was bitterly disappointed . nothing new to add to the history of the band and really quite a bland read . as someone who knows that there was more to the 'lads ' than what has been previously written , i was expecting more insight into their lives , more accurate information , and basically just more . the title of the book is quite misleading , as the only babylon that seemed to go on was tam 's alledged chasing of pat around hotel rooms and one recalled incident of les and a mate hiding <NUM> groupies on a freezing balcony . if you know anything about the rollers , you do n't need to buy this book in hopes of learning more . it simply is n't there . a huge disappointment for this long time roller fan .
being a texas chainsaw fan i of course picked this one up . it has <NUM> big stars in it , and was directed by one of the writers of the original . i 'm not sure what they were going for in this one . is it a horror , a sick comedy ? it is all over the place . what is worse is that they made leatherface a wimpy crossdresser . the ending leaves you scratching your head . mathew and renee do their best with the material
troy why did you put your name on this . this cd has one good song on it and that is about the long and short of it . i am not going to waste a bunch of time talking about a cd that is not worthy of being pressed , by the way the group was better with conrad the colonel ( ehhhh hehhh ! i am dsgb !
i really enjoyed the first two books albums , i bought thought for food almost immediately after the lemon of pink because i enjoyed it so much . i found their sound to be quite original with an interesting balance of emotion and humor along with the balance between electronic and acoustic music . so i was really disappointed when i heard their new album . this record is clearly intended to be their breakthrough , with far more vocals and regular song structure and less expirementalism . the record even reuses some samples from old albums which was really annoying . this album lacks the interesting , unexpected twists from their previous works , and as a result comes off as generally bland and sometimes even cheesy . if you want a books album , please check out the other two first
george clooney is about as entertaining to watch as michael jackson being raped by the gorton 's fisherman . his pompous , self indulgent personality is better suited for being a walmart greeter . except he 'd probably be fired for only saying hello to himself . clooney : get los
but why glorify such subject matter ? the academy holds this movie up as a high-point of artistic achievement . getting to know the workings of a psychotic mind can enrich you life , apparently
i , like a lot of others was kind of annoyed when i saw another issue out . i own the extended and theatrical releases already . but , i had to buy them to see the `` never before behind the scenes documentary '' . to be honest , i was n't impressed . a few funny things , but all in all ... i could have lived without it . it 's just a bunch of stuff slapped together with no rhyme or reason . the extended version extra material is so far superior . that 's my opinion . but like me , you may just have to have it ! shame on the greedy movie companies for doing this to us ! if you do n't own the movies and are generally not into the extras , this is definitely a good way to go , you get both versions and in a very smart package
the quiller memorandum takes place back during the cold war . it represented a time and place in history that was true at that time . it accurately depicts an era that is now gone , that some of us lived through . the movie , by today 's standards , is a little disjointed and incomplete.it jumps to a conclusion but lacks story development how it got there . some scenes must have been edited on the cutting room floor back in the <NUM> 's or <NUM> 's in order to get a g or gp rating . as a result of those incomplete or cut scenes , part of the movie makes no sense . the movie would have been better served if it were produced closer to the author 's original book . the most memorable part of the movie is the haunting score , including matt monroe 's `` wednesday 's child '' . i was disappointed in viewing this movie again some <NUM> or <NUM> years later . perhaps wolfe was right when he said that we can never go home again . quiller must have gotten lost on his way home !
i also did n't like it . i do n't see what the hype is about it personally . i thought girlfriends guide to pregnancy was great but this one does n't tell you anything that common sense would n't ! i say if you want to try it out , use the library . that way you are n't wasting your money on it
braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together . braid needs to get back together
the rampant lunacy and blatant buffoonery in this book is such that it should not be read in one sitting . genesis 1:1-2:3 the genesis <NUM> creation account conflicts with the order of events that are known to science . in genesis , the earth is created before light and stars , birds and whales before reptiles and insects , and flowering plants before any animals . the true order of events was just the opposite . god creates light and separates light from darkness , and day from night , on the first day . yet he did n't make the light producing objects ( the sun and the stars ) until the fourth day ( gen 1:14-19 ) . and how could there be `` the evening and the morning '' on the first day if there was no sun to mark them ? gen 1:3-5 in genesis <NUM> the entire creation takes <NUM> days , but the universe is at least <NUM> billion years old , with new stars constantly being formed . 1:31 .... let 's not fall for `` one day in genesis is not 24hrs but rather a really long period of time '' ...... its is stated that `` evening and the morning was the first day ! ! ! ! ! hence , <NUM> day = 24hrs . besides , plants were created before light , if one day was a long period of time the plants would have died before god got around to creating light . god curses the serpent . from now on the serpent will crawl on his belly and eat dust . one wonders how he got around before -- by hopping on his tail , perhaps ? but snakes do n't eat dust , do they ? 3:14 `` there were giants in the earth in those days . '' well , i suppose it 's good to know that . but why is there no archaeological evidence for the existence of these giants ? 6:4 the flood gen 7:20 the flood covered the highest mountain tops ( mount everest ? ) with fifteen cubits to spare ..... good grief ! ! ! ! every eighth-grader knows that mount everest is so high that it has its own weather at its summit . it could be sunny and calm in the valley but on its peak a swirling snow blizzard . the atmosphere at the top is so thin it 's unbeatable . yet good ol ' noah and a boat fill with two of every `` kind '' of animals bobbing around , floating free with now problems . i get it ! ! ! ! noah and the gang had individual breathing apparatus for the thin air and sub-zero thermal protection for could . or .... mt . everest was just a mole hill way back then ..... oh please ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the flood story was adapted by the hebrews from an earlier babylonian myth called the epic of gilgamesh which is a lot older than the biblical tale and virtually identical . gerald spilled much ink trying to harmonize scientific facts with the genesis mythology that i cant help wondering who on earth he would reconcile other biblical nonsense such as : james 5:7 by praying , elias was able to keep it from raining for three and a half years . act <NUM> : 15-16 the sick were healed just by touching the shadow of peter . luke <NUM> <NUM> epilepsy is caused by devils . <NUM> kings 13:21 a dead body is brought to life when it accidentally touches the bones of elisha . be afraid , be very afraid . this is the sort of trash proposed by creationists for inclusion in our high school science curriculum . ...... what planet do we live on again ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
although the book was extremely detailed and thorough , it made me realize that it is impossible to prepare for this exam from this book alone .
i thoroughly enjoy salsa , and enjoy learning from dvd 's and tapes . the title and reviews of this product suggest one will learn great things about this lovely dance . unfortunately , it is not clearly stated that this is for salsa rueda , not salon style or club salsa . although the moves are nifty and presented in a reasonable fashion , rueda requires the expected step to be called out , somewhat in the latin version of square dancing . so if you are looking to turn your date around the floor in your own style , leading with non verbal ques , this is not your dvd .
i really enjoy travis hunter 's writing and would go so far as to say that he 's one of my favorite writers , so i went back to his older books to see how he started . i 'm glad i started backwards because had i read this book first , i would n't have continued . it 's not a bad book . two friends , one a [ ... ] , the other one trying to make a difference in the black community , two brothers : the [ ... ] from earlier and a crackhead , a sister who 's disgusted with her own race and another sister with her head in the church . the book was so incredibly cliche . i would n't say it was a bad book , i 've just read it a thousand times before and then turned on the t.v . to watch reruns of it
thank you for the c.d . in great condition . we had fast service and would gladly do business with you again . thanks again , n and l c
although the description says `` animated '' , do n't believe it ! ! ! the only animation for the george clip is someone moving pictures of the character around ! ! ! my granddaughter ( <NUM> ) , kept asking when they were going to do something ! the other parts -- yes curious george has only one episode even though the title says other wise -- were very disturbing to my granddaughter . all in all , money i should n't have spent ! ! ! sandy ; ^
<NUM> 1/2 stars . there is nothing original in this story about a young man who is a disappointment to his father , has a problem with authority figures , and has yet to find his place in the world . the plot is predictable from beginning to end and so cliche-ridden it will make your teeth ache . james franco has good screen presence and he can act , although he is limited . tyrese gibson on the other hand is totally unbelievable in his role as franco 's antagonist . he simply always looks like he 's acting the entire time . his character is n't even defined well and his reasons for going after franco 's character lacks sincerity and believability . the direction and writing is just all over the place in this film that is n't sure what it want to be , so it tries very hard to be everything . it wants to be a basic training kind of film a la `` g.i . jane '' while also trying to be a sports film with its boxing substory . it wants to introduce us to the world of a first class naval academy while also trying to tell us how naval vessels are built . it throws in everything else from race relations to father and son psycho-babble . i was waiting for the kitchen sink to be thrown in for good measure . the film was okay overall when all was said and done . i had some fun with it and franco is fun to watch . it was n't as bad as i thought it might be , but it was glaringly not as good as it could have been . while viewing this film one is liable to keep saying , `` if they only did this '' or `` if they had only done that . '' that leaves a bad taste in one 's mouth
i 'm a fan of the <NUM> `` the mummy '' and was understandably looking forward to this sequel . in the summer of <NUM> i went to catch it at the theater with two friends and after about ten minutes we were all bored senseless by the incredible bombardment of action and f/x . we just layed back in our seats for the next two hours in utter tedium . it 's a curious thing that too much action ( and f/x ) in a film can be boring . it may not seem logical but it 's true , and `` the mummy returns '' is exibit a. i recently considered the possibility that my first impression may have been in error so i decided to re-watch it after over five years . yet , after a mere 10-15 minutes i was again completely detached from the picture , even though there were all kinds of exciting things going on , or , at least , things that should have been exciting . `` the mummy returns '' has a lot going for it : a great cast , locations , costumes , cinematography , f/x , etc . in addition it has a great indiana jones appeal . unfortunately it all adds up to a cinematic piece of excrement . what went wrong ? simply put , no substance . `` the mummy returns '' abandons the characters , and the plot is utilized simply as a flimsy clothesline for action and f/x sequences . final analysis : `` the mummy returns '' has so many ingredients right , but it somehow utterly fails . it 's unadulterated cinematic junk . it should be utilized in filmmaking classes as the quintessential example of style over substance -- having all the right elements , including budget , and stupefyingly fumbling the ball . needless to say this could have been a great film franchise , but it was not to be . `` returns '' put an end to that .
two cds that would fit on one and at a double price . get another collection
i loved lights out <NUM> and <NUM> , but <NUM> was a huge disappointment , even after a few listens . disc <NUM> begins with a robotechno caucophony that 's just straight up weird , painful to listen to , and runs far too long . the rest of disc <NUM> gets better , but it still left me waiting for some climactic crescendos or wild mixing twists . cd2 begins with an equally banal sound , and does n't get interesting until about halfway through . ( in fact , the last half of cd2 is the only part of this set that i ever listen to at all anymore . ) overall , the song choice is pretty blah , and even the mixing seems a bit sloppy and uninspired . it 's definitely got lawler 's dark and nasty fingerprints throughout , but it sounds a bit canned , and definitely does n't meet the standard set by <NUM> and <NUM>
although i am a dedicated fan of john wayne and dearly love his movies , i found this movie , which i have never seen before , to be slow and for lack of a better word boring . i will view it again and add it to my collection because john wayne is in it
... not a musician . what i see in the negative reviews is a desire for rod the musician to return to old form . what i detect in the positive reviews is an enjoyment of rod as an entertainer . some people value musical chops and creativity- others simply want to be nostalgic and entertained . rod converted long ago from musician to vegas entertainer . if you want a taste of some old rockers who remain creative musicians , sample robert plant 's or neil young 's latest . do n't waste your time on rod or this kitsch
i am certainly agreed with & quot ; a reader from san francisco & quot ; . i have almost all of lilian too 's feng shui books and a recently bought her eofs . i have found her recent publications are nothing , but just a repetition of her previous books . certainly a great disappointment from a master ! please lilian do n't published just for the sake of publishing
let me start by saying that i may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . numerous people where i work told me that this movie , `` the descent '' was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . in their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because i was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now i will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , `` the descent '' `` the descent '' begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . one year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . so as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal . at the beginning of watching this movie i was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . however , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . at first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . then the filmmakers introduce a fact that i felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . so , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . it 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . after this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that i was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . a decision i somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . on the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there . even though `` the descent '' was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . `` the descent '' is unrated and contains violence and language
i ordered this item several months ago and its yet to arrive
my twins are <NUM> 1/2 and have not wanted to start potty training . i thought i would buy this book and see if i could have success . the day after i ordered the book , i bought my daughter some princess underwear and she suddenly became very excited about the prospect of not wearing diapers . my son immediately followed suit . unfortunately , the book had not arrived yet , so i just had to use some common sense and good instincts . lucky for me , this worked and my twins were potty trained by the end of the week and ready for school after easter break . i offered no rewards other than praise . i did not use a doll . i did not do any of the ridiculous things suggested by this book which seems very outdated . at the end of the first week back at school , the book finally arrived . i decided to read it just to see what it said and was glad it arrived so late . if you have not bought a book yet , do n't buy this one . just use common sense , do n't try to train too early and let your child 's success be its own reward
searching for caleb had a new setting every five pages , family members who walked out and would n't have come back until they were `` kidnapped '' , and chaotic events that led to a suicide , all of which made this book interesting in an unusual way . this book is first set on a train going to new york city in the year of <NUM> . then the scene changes to cairo mill , maryland . suddenly it changes to baltimore , maryland in the <NUM> 's . a bit later it changes to baltimore in <NUM> . anne tyler told most of the story in maryland , but at the end , she changes to louisiana . the story was about the peck family , which was a very sophisticated family . wealthy , respectable , self-involved , they always wore hats . even the little girls never went out of the house without a hat on . basically the story was about daniel peck 's search for his brother , caleb , who walked off in <NUM> . it was also about his granddaughter justine peck 's realization that she will never be the peck that she always dreamed to be . the concept of this book , then , is finding oneself . daniel peck 's main conflict was evident in his search for caleb . when caleb was in his twenties he just walked out on the family and did n't return or make contact with any family member . the search started when daniel moved in with duncan and justine peck . daniel spent years researching and visiting people who might have known caleb . he would visit people that were caleb 's friends or appeared in pictures with caleb . unfortunately , he had absolutely no luck . so when daniel 's birthday came , his oldest son `` two '' hired him a private investigator to search for caleb . the private investigator headed straight to work asking questions . he found out that when caleb was younger all one would have to do to find caleb was `` hold still a minute and listen . '' he found out how caleb loved music . he also went searching to caleb 's home in baltimore . then the private investigator learned where caleb was just outside of new orleans , louisiana . the private investigator told the pecks this but before daniel could meet caleb , daniel died of a heart attack . this book was draining yet funny ; mostly draining . the hardest part was keeping track of what part the story was in , whether the past or the present . also the peck family was absolutely insane . actually two cousins ended up married to each other . that caused so much chaos that a separation , a disowning and a suicide happened over the event . then justine and duncan were constantly moving because duncan would become restless and wanted a change . justine just went along very easily but meg , their daughter , hated moving . she locked herself in the bathroom a few times . daniel did not begin looking for his brother for practically <NUM> years after caleb walked out . the comical parts were the best . for instance , all the time that daniel was searching for caleb his old maid knew right where caleb was . when caleb left , he had told her where he was going . yet she never told anyone because no one ever asked her . in addition , duncan would cut out newspaper clippings and stick them to things . to the old ford that the door was torn off he stuck a clipping that said `` would n't you rather have a buick ? '' . when meg bought an expensive dress , his cut out was `` have you ever had a bad time in levi 's ? '' one of justine 's neighbor was divorced and the father of her child who had no visiting rights would come and take the daughter . the mother would scream and shout about her daughter being kidnapped , yet every night the father brought the child home safe and sound . this book was very interesting , but a strange kind of interesting . it never really caught my attention ; rather it often put me to sleep . it was summer reading , the kind you get on a book list . i would suggest it to people if they did n't really have anything else to read . but some will like it . i found it too scattered in place and time and too slow moving .
i saw all the revies for this movie and was expecting a dark enjoyable tale about a libtertine . i was strongly mistaken . johnny depp is a great actor with great abilites , but this is the worst movie of his i have ever seen . even his `` cheesy '' movies were better than this . the rated r rating is light . i could n't believe how pornographic it was . even in quills , it was n't as raunchy as this . do n't waste your money or your time with this one
the title 'wake of death , ' new film of jean-claude van damme , is rightly given to the very violent contents . van damme plays a bouncer ben archer who is quitting his job after seeing what he does n't want to see for <NUM> years . but he has a beautiful wife cynthia ( lisa king , 'home alone <NUM> ' ) and a kid at home , and all he wants is just a quiet life . anyone who knows some rules about action flicks will detect what will happen to his family when kind-hearted cynthia ( who is an ins officer by the way ) takes home a little chinese girl found among the refugees from china . and the little girl is connected with a chinese triad , in fact , a daughter of a ruthless boss sun quan ( simon yam , 'tomb raider <NUM> ' ) . and these events occur at the night when cynthia and ben are sleeping together in bed , showing part of their bodies in the ill-lit room . [ typical revenge story ] yes , van damme is getting more and more serious these days , as you have seen 'in hell ' recently . 'wake of death ' goes similar course , but this time it 's a revenge story with more violent actions with shoot-outs and car-chases . though the script is a standard one , one inventiveness is found in the relations between van damme 's hero and his former associates french mafiosos . these french gangsters give a timely help or two to van damme 's character in a more bloody fashion than the italian guys who were seen helping arnie in 'eraser . ' so how good is this film ? it depends on your expectaions . 'wake of death ' shows fairly good car stunts and shoot-outs , but the lack of imagination on the director 's side is too obvious . my opinion is , it is much better than 'derailed ' ( his worst ) , far below 'timecop ' ( arguably his best ) , on par with 'the order . ' but it 's just my idea . the point is , van damme shows pretty good acting here , but the actions , or the logics behind them , look awfully disjointed . the bad guy 's motive to bring back his daughter at any cost is never explained , and the relations between the characters are very confusing . ( case in point . you get a glimpse of two veteran actors burt kwouk , 'cato ' of 'rerurn of pink panther ' and jacqui chan , 'the world of susie wong , ' but the moment they appear on the screen , they get killed , without leaving no impression on us . ) but most damaging thing is the film 's shoddy editing that virtually killed some of the good stunts such as two motorcycles running in a shoppoing mall . i still do not know what happened at certain point of the story . philip martinez , formerly producer of b action films such as 'dot kill ' or 'house of <NUM> , ' gives his second film as director . ( incidentally , his first feature was , the imdb says , 'citizen verdict ' ( <NUM> ) starring armand assante and jerry springer ! ) as to 'wake of death ' he decided to shoot this film in south africa though the story is set in america . fans of van damme might hail the film as his come-back . i do n't know , for i still fondly remember joyful thrills when i watched his 'timecop ' or 'universal soldiers . ' 'wake of death ' is good as grade-b , straight-to-video actioner , but it 's not good enough for me .
i took two days and went through the book . sounds more like r & d book rather than something which i am going to use . if you want to learn good sql tuning , stick with guy harrison - it is more practical
this joke book suks . if i can give it any star i want , i would give it a -10 stars . i never actually bought it , but i borrowed it from a friend . i needed a joke book for my anouncements on the intercom every morning , and it only lasted <NUM> days and i ran out of good jokes . some of the jokes arnt appropriate and most of them dont make sense . if your gon na buy a joke book , dont buy this
i like glenn gould . i did n't care for this movie however . <NUM> ) the actor does not look like glenn at all in my opinion , which i find distracting . <NUM> ) its very disjointed , and a lot of the components offer very little insight about glenn or his life . one scene was glenn simply going into a restaurant and listening to other people 's conversations . big deal , this is not interesting . i know this was supposed to offer a subtle insight into his personality , but it 's boring and it comes across as pretentious filmmaking . another example ; glenn is listening to a record with a cleaning lady . thats it . why is this interesting ? someone could film my uncle in wal mart , but would you care ? hey , look ... my uncle carl is buying batteries . now he is putting his change in his pocket . how utterly profound .... in my opinion , you will learn and understand more about glenn gould by listening to his music than watching this lackluster , uneventful movie
i already knew that michael savage was a draft dodger since i always check the new hampshire chickenhawk database . from some reason they do not have his birthday . according to the official `` name authority '' from the library of congress database , his real name is michael a. weiner and he was born march <NUM> , <NUM> . but why is he a hypocrit regarding american soldiers like me ? dr. weiner/savage does the usual butter-me-up , like on page <NUM> . he talks about former hollywood actors who served in wwii , `` true american heroes yes ... they , unlike the empty suits of today , fought shoulder-to-shoulder alongside america 's finest young boys . the farmers , the steelworkers , the taxi drivers . the people who made this country great . '' the only problem here is that he is describing my family and not his . his image of former soldiers is extremely negative and very offensive to me . in describing a veteran expressing his true feelings about war `` war is awful .. he never wanted to fight , he did n't believe in fighting although he wore the uniform [ what do you mean weiner ? ] and yes he was a hero and has many medals even though he naver actually fought . '' this is n't even the pot calling the kettle black . `` their anti-war comments both undermine our troops ' morale and encourage our enemies by creating a picture of a divided front . '' weiner also states , `` [ t ] he ill-informed comments of these camera-craving , ex-military types in the attempt to prop-up a sagging self-esteem , do extensive damage to the war on terror and our military . '' keep that second comment in mind , but who is the guy with the self-esteem problem ? he does n't have any `` fake '' medals so who is he to criticize a person who actually served ? if anybody is harming our troops it is weiner/savage . on page <NUM> he actually tells us it is okay for al-qaida to kill our soldiers . really . `` if you were a leader or an intellectual in the muslim world and you saw the debauchery promulgated by the west ... and saw your young people gravitating toward the filth pumped over your airwaves , what would you do ? frankly you would support al-qaida or any organization [ like al-qaida in iraq or the taliban in afghanistan ? ] that would want to stop that flood of pollution from entering your country . '' thanks for clearing up why it is okay for these guys to kill our soldiers . and here i thought they just hated our freedoms . there are other problems with this book . on page <NUM> he decries the `` intense use of drugs . '' yeah , like limbaugh 's abuse of oxycontin that he forgot to mention . most diturbing to me is his use of words such as `` sheeple , '' which is word coined by racist aryan nations members . why he would use a favorite word of anti-semites , seeing as how weiner/savage is a jew , as well as a word used extensively by timothy mcvey is quite strange . he also uses dismissive language like `` leg-crossers , '' ( page <NUM> ) which i assume is a substitute for `` bitch . '' and , finally , for all of you steelworkers , taxi drivers , etc. , who are his fans : this guy thinks you 're dumb . all you need to do is read page <NUM> to see what he thinks about opinions of non-college graduates . as one last snipe on this guy , i just love that photo of him ( all photos are of him ) in the book , under the line `` my ship has come in . '' that is one big yacht he is at the helm of . to his question of where to steer his yacht , how about towards the gulf and to join the fight ? i did ny combat , now you do yours .
i thought this book was incredibly slow . it never once peaked , nor did i find it all that engaging . normally there is usually some big finale , or event that grabs you - not here . the premise of the novel was pretty lame , and the `` bad guys '' were not exactly hard to figure out right away . all in all very disappointing
i would not recommend this video and wonder why it got so high reviews from other people . the pace is way too fast and they change positions very often . it was hard for me to keep up with all of the different positions as an adult . i could n't imagine how kids could . the kids on the video must have practiced for at least a year so they could all be in sync . i would recommend `` kick to get fit jr. - for kids '' by rich grogan if you are wanting a work out that kids can actually keep up with and is fun
i just got back from vacation where i read a handful of fun crime dramas . this one really stood out as being horrible from the very first paragraph . the writing is weak and the story was so incredibly thin that that killers were obvious from the start . i 'm not sure who the target audience is for this book , but my best guess is old guys who only read one book a year . there was a really strange mix of detail and inference . it was almost like he needed to fill space so every now and then we would get pointless detail about flying or some other random aspect of what the character was doing . and the sex scenes were just bad . i really could n't recommend this book any less
i think this album is boring . i think it doesnt do its job . i think lil jon is a wannabe . i think they needs to get a real job . i think this broke very soon after i got it . i think this wo n't play in most cd players . i think the cover looks stupid . i think it gave me the idea to scream yeah ! and what ! at my brothers wake . i think art is stupid . i think i do n't recommend this . i think ive said enough . i think im going to hell now . i think i was anyway , cause i think i sold my soul
well , i 'd love to read a good book by that title and one might even copy the blurb texts and the table of contets of woodhouse 's book - all its weaknesses are in the fine print , so to say . the paradigm wars the title refers to are meant to take place between & quot ; traditional & quot ; ( mechanistic , etc . ) science and & quot ; new age & quot ; ( holistic , etc . ) world views , which present levels of complexity not available to the traditional approaches . no doubt such a war takes place presently ... ( <NUM> ) it 's an obvious problem that the & quot ; new & quot ; paradigm is conceptualized as being open and unfinished - together with the author 's desire to appropriate all nice and interesting recent scientific developments for his side , one may at times wonder what the & quot ; new paradigm & quot ; is and what limits it necessarily must have . ( <NUM> ) woodhouse limits is attention more or less to academic debate - but that 's not primarily where the wars are being fought . ( does he think it really matters ? the climate in academic institutions may depend on quite a number of factors beside rational arguments ... ) the bullets fly right in our everyday life situatios - when we see our physician and argue about a treatment ( which may or may not be paid by health insurance depending on the influence that & quot ; traditional scientists & quot ; ( aka drug manufacturers and their lackeys ) have on the insurance firm ) . it also takes place in firms striving for enhanced effectiveness in the form of the question & quot ; will it be possible to make our employees work harder - or should we consider something new altogether ? & quot ; . and it takes many more forms one does not even find mentioned in this book . ( <NUM> ) on the fronts of these wars i know , the situation looks rather bleak for new approaches . traditional doctrines are well entrenched and have lots of powerful allies - economic shorttermism advocating & quot ; tried and true & quot ; measures , traditional health providers , genetic engineering firms , religious institutions producing cult scares from time to time , etc . if you advocate divergent paradigms , you need a lot of patience - and you 're also faced with some serious problems woodhouse does not mention . let me point here only to the fact that while publicly recognized & quot ; sciences & quot ; have something like a memory in terms of libraries and institutional continuity , & quot ; new age thought & quot ; all to often starts all over again , repeats its standard arguments and , in sum , does n't get anywhere for lack of such a continuity , for lack of references one could build on . altogether , i 'm sorry for the money and for the time i spent on this book . still , someone should write a better one ... - it 's a worthy project , just a faulty implementation
do n't waste your money . get the following movies ... le mans : about as real as racing can get . just wait until the end of the first lap and you hear the roar of the porsche engine . it gives me chills just thinking of it . grand prix : great cinematography ! the melodramatic story can be a bit much , but the movie in widescreen is spectacular . days of thunder : just plain fun . not that accurate , but a fun movie ... and it 's a bruckheimer ! do n't even bother with driven unless you can borrow it from a friend . do n't pay to watch this piece of unrealistic , hollywood shlock
though this novel is supposed as a psycological materpiece i have found it to be sordid and incongruent . stendhal should have spent less time on his discriptions of julien sorel 's superficial love endeavors and & quot ; rendez-vous & quot ; and more time on his character 's true personality . after reading <NUM> pages i found the main character to be a complete stranger . all that was revealed about julien was that he stuck to his morals all the way to the end . stendhal should have learned from his creation 's ideals and stuck to the basics
in <NUM> , director nicholas roeg took a daphne du maurier story about a strained family situation , added a child in a red coat and some superlative direction , cast wonderful , talented actors such as donald sutherland and julie christie , and produced a seminal and classic piece of seventies horror , the unmissable `` do n't look now '' . six years later , cronenberg - obviously , oh so obviously having been influenced by the starkly pared-down imagery and understated elegance of the roeg picture - decided to put his own markedly different spin on a terribly similar theme , with disasterously boring results . to synopsise the plot : frank carveth 's estranged wife is crazy , and undergoing unconventional therapy at her psychiatrist 's controversial institute . suspecting her of abusing their daughter , he removes her from his wife 's care , to the strenuous objections of her shrink . several people connected to wifey 's emotionally crippling past begin to show up dead , and carveth finds himself fighting to save his daughter from her crazy mother 's 'other ' set of kids . so it 's david cronenberg . so what ? performances and direction , as well as screenplay , are all simply mundane . there 's barely a shred of the sleek , polished talent we have come to recognise as david cronenberg , and what we have instead is a sort of mishmash of some of the better aspects from classic american horror movies , as seen through the obviously tired eyes of the writer/director . it 's almost got the sense of isolation of 'the shining ' , but there are too many incidental characters . it 's almost got the same sense of murder-by-numbers as 'hallowe'en ' , but lacks the decisive action of that movie . it 's close to the stark imagery and sense of motherhood-gone-awry as 'carrie ' ( and even the lead actress bears a striking resemblance to piper laurie ! ) , but samantha eggar 's performance is too overblown . makeup effects , too , are over-ambitious for the time and fail to create any sense of impact or drama , in that they just look silly . of course , you could say the same for 'the exorcist ' , nowadays , but where that film still has the incredible strength of ellen burstyn 's and linda blair 's performances , all 'the brood ' has to go on is some deformed alien-figures that hiss a lot . it 's not good . in short , where a movie matters most , 'the brood ' fails wholly to deliver , instead regaling us with <NUM> or so minutes of unfulfilling cinema . a note on the subtext : it 's difficult to feel any sort of respect for the social commentary contained herein . sure , topics like the state of the nuclear family and the negative effects of a mother 's love are riveting things , when handled properly . unfortunately , when the package and presentation are so obviously hollow and overdone , who could care less about subtext ? i could n't .
if you are looking for a dvd that is filled with white stripes music and interviews , look elsewhere . the item description says it has over <NUM> minutes of in-depth interviews , but it fails to mention that only about <NUM> minutes ( if that ) of this is actually with the band ( and the <NUM> minutes are scattered throughout the <NUM> minute dvd ) . it has interviews with members of various bands that have played with the white stripes in the past and others who knew them when they were just beginning . it is mildly interesting to hear about how the band got their start and other such details , but it is not something i will watch again . ( if jack & meg were telling their own story , that would be worth it )
there 's possibly <NUM> pages of useful information in this book . maybe <NUM> interesting one
when i listened to this cd i actually expected to hear gloria estafan singing on some of these songs . some of them seem like they were written for her . wild card has a few good songs on it . the title track is okay . moonlight and king of hearts are better . the last good cd by the rippington 's was weekend in monaco . changes in personnel , locations , and labels have n't proved to be too good for russ 's music . he 's made his money and can experiment with various ideas . wild card is loser in my opinion , but at least it 's better than brave new world
when i was <NUM> and first discovering guitar , i loved this album . listening to it now , it just sounds incredibly soulless and cheesy.vai is technically very impressive , but the man ca n't write a decent song to save his life . vai 's modus operandi is to get a bunch of faceless studio musicians , lay down a generic rhythm track , and go wheedily wheedily wheedily whee for an entire album . technique on your instrument is never a bad thing , however , technique should be just a means to an end , not the end itself . and that 's what no shred guitarist seems to understand . the fact that shred guitarists like vai are n't more popular is due to one thing : they 're more concerned about playing faster and more cleanly than the next guy rather than writing songs . there 's a good reason why non-guitarists hate this stuff . basically , once you get past the `` gee , that 's neat '' factor , this album , and nearly all of vai 's music , feels incredibly stiff and lifeless.to be blunt , this is what john tesh or yanni would sound like if they played guitar rather than keyboards . not only that , his guitar tone is absolutely awful . very thin , high pitched , and brittle sounding . the best thing on here is the blatant van halen rip-off `` the audience is listening '' : the rest is just masturbation . vai 's best work has always been as a sideman , especially the stuff he did with david lee roth , because then he 's forced to play actual songs , rather than <NUM> minute long , tedious guitar solos . on his own , he 's just unbearable . i considered giving this one star , but i gave it <NUM> stars due to the fact that vai can play , it 's just what he 's playing that 's the problem .
between sending our country to war over false pretenses ( ie ; bush 's personal greed ) , terrible response to hurricane katrina , this whole anti-gay thing , and the failure that was no child left behind , i 'd have to say that bush is not a very good leader . that and the guy ca n't seem to acknowledge btw , i myself am not gay but see nothing wrong with it . if you can see it in no other way , the gays might strike back , the way the blacks reacted to whites ( and believe me , they had a good reason to ) when they were being treated like crap in the '60 's . so unless you want riots through your city , you 'll at least try to be tolerant . this goes out to all you anti-gay people . and remember ; do n't hate people without logical reason ! ( see , i have good reasons to hate bush !
the first thing you should know about the hurricane is that it was based on two books , one of which ( the sixteenth round ) was written by rubin carter . the second thing you should know is that rubin carter is not a man of exemplary honesty . the third thing you should know is that the other book ( lazarus and the hurricane ) on which this movie was based was written by two of the canadians who bought into carter 's hokum , as have so many after them . i will not go into a point-by-point list of the patently false claims that carter makes in his book , since other posters here have already done a good job of that . instead , i 'd like to offer some reactions to those here who have given this movie glowing reviews . these are divided into three groups . the first is composed of those who did not know they were taken for a ride . if you belong in this group , i do not fault you . hollywood has a way of perpetrating some very repugnant deceptions on the unsuspecting public . but let me ask you this : if you were presented with hard evidence that this movie is just one big lie put forward by the title `` hero , '' would you still rate it highly ? if your answer is `` yes , '' then you belong in the second group , those who gave this movie a thumbs-up on the basis of its being a powerfully moving drama , and never mind the glaring factual inaccuracies . to this group , i have this to say : if a filmmaker wants to present a true-life story , he has a responsibility to see to it that he has his facts right . it 's called integrity , and it means placing truthfulness far above profitability . you say this is a dramatization and not a documentary ? well , even a dramatization should be done with some integrity . i can go along with some minor embellishments here and there , but when a movie is based on a series of disgustingly blatant lies and tries to pass itself off as a true story , that , in my book , is unforgivable . and so what if it was a rival studio that went out of its way to expose this movie 's dishonesty ? vested interest does not render their arguments invalid . finally , to the third group , those who actually believe that carter is in fact a martyr-scholar , i ask you to please open your eyes . there is absolutely no documentation to support carter 's claims that he defended his friend from a pedophile , that he was a civil rights activist , that he was robbed of a crucial ring victory , and so many other proclamations aimed at propping up his hero image . on the other hand , there are reams of documents that present virtually irrefutable evidence that these very proclamations are a product of one man 's delusional fantasies . you say that cal deal , the man behind graphicwitness.com , is a racist ? please visit graphicwitness.com /carter/racism.html . also , know this : deal went into the rubin carter case actually believing that carter was innocent . it took just one interview for deal to see the many glaring inconsistencies in carter 's statements . he went on to uncover numerous documents and testimonies that exposed carter as a liar . many accounts today have it that carter is a changed man . i sincerely hope this is a real change , and not just a show . but whatever the case , the fact remains that he owes it to the public to admit that his book and this movie are just a lot of hogwash . i 'm not counting on that , though
while some movies require that you throw out your disbelief , i had a very hard time doing so with this movie . this movie was just plain stupid . they should have kept this film story in the states . once everything moves over to tokyo , the film plummets into inauthenticity the likes of which i have n't seen in a long time . i would have respected the film 1,000 times more had it ended when the main character goes to japan . so let 's get this straight , japanese high school students act like american high school students ? lucas black 's character is simply told to go to a japanese high school where he will simply pick up the language and make do ? everybody speaks english ? his father lives in a tiny apartment yet has a garage that 's about double the size of his apartment ? i would have much preferred subtitles and a story that felt , looked and sounded more japanese . japanese students are among some of the most polite students you will ever meet . the japanese culture is steeped and immersed in being respectful , polite and dutiful . real japanese high school students would be embarassed by the way their culture was represented here . actually they probably would n't be embarassed , they would laugh at the film 's poor attempt in showing true or even remotely true japanese culture . japanese culture is not steeped in american hiphop and egocentric behavior and it 's a pity so many americans will see this film and actually think that japanese students are just like american students . there would be nothing further from the truth . japanese students do not act , look or sound like what was filmed here . not by a long shot . given my dislike of how the japanese culture was handled in this film , it left me finding the plot irrelevant . the plot was ok but it would have been much better if they had either stuck to a more authentic representation of japanese culture or kept the story in the states .
i saw this with an open mind , as some modern remakes have been pretty good . this was not one of them . other than the title and number of children , this bore absolutely no resemblance to either the original with henry fonda and lucille ball , or the book it was based on ( who gets the drumstick ? -- helen beardsley ) . the main theme of this movie seemed to be `` how stupid can we make our parents look '' . if you are going to remake a movie , try to make it better , rather than just trying to capitalize on the earlier movie 's name and popularity
this dvd will not play at all . i contacted amazon and have n't received a response . i will say this is the very first problem i have had with them in all the years i have been ordering .
i was astounded that a major studio/star cast could make such a worthless film . the plot is as old as the hills : innocent man wrongfully convicted of murder awaits excecution on death row - innocent man is saved at the last minute by the good guy ( s ) . this movie gives you cheating wives , cheating husbands , irresponsible fathers , paper thin plot , superficial characters , and boring dialog . i totally lost my respect for clint eastwood after viewing this - and & quot ; unforgiven & quot ; is one of my all time favorite films ! how can a person be so inconsistent ? ( i think i know the answer ; it 's called & quot ; a slump. & quot ;
denise austin needs to stick with making exercise videos for adults . this video is n't kid friendly , and does n't have a good feel for kids . to be honest , it is very close to most of denise 's exercise videos for adults . what denise has forgotten , or may have never known , is kids are kids , and they need to be treated accordingly , and that means with exercise videos to . a good choice for kids is - kick to get fit jr. -for kids , this video is done by a qualified kid 's fitness professional , not someone who is just throwing adult type movements at kids , and just hoping they can do them . my kids are not at all happy with this program . there are <NUM> & <NUM> years old , and they were bored & turned off by this video within the first <NUM> minutes , mostly because they did n't understand the movements , and then found most of the other movements very hard to do . once again , the forgotten point - kids are kids , and they need to be treated accordingly . one last point , in the video denise mentions that she received information from a variety of different professionals in the field of children 's exercise & fitness . this is all good except they all forgot one very important detail , - you must be able to teach & instruct children at a level they understand . just because you know something about exercise , it does n't mean you are able to teach it to children . knowledge is one thing - teaching & instructing is another , and the fact is , some people are just not very good at instructing children . a point that is very clearly displayed within this program .
watch out for the volume leveling mentioned in another review . surely the compliers could have come up with a better sort order than by composer . the change in tempo/volume between pieces makes it impossible to enjoy . my two cd 's ended up in the trash . ke
this band has the most retarded lyrics i 've ever heard - `` sometimes the sun goes down , sometimes it goes back up , i 'm wondering which one you are watching now . '' huh ? ? forget about the singer 's gross melodramatic voice or the band 's boring decision to steal riffs from the strokes - just check out those lyrics ! ! the sun does n't 'sometimes ' go up and down , it always goes up and down - always - you morons . `` i 'm wondering which one you are watching now . '' which one ? excuse me , last time i checked , we have only one sun , not two . whatever . maybe these hipsters should 've spent more time in school and less time working on their hair . their first record was trying to sound like weezer and now they 're trying to sound like hot hot heat . how lame is that ? and why are these guys trying so hard to look like the strokes ? they even have that token dude with the caucasion 'fro . i was suckered into seeing these guys at spaceland last month and overheard the singer `` pep-talking '' his band . so embarassing . `` okay , guys , have fun tonight but make it look natural . you never know who might be in the audience . and do n't forget , those fat girls in the front row bought some merch so pretend to be nice to them and we 'll make fun of them later . '' cool guys .
this film is boring , so much so that i could only take <NUM> minutes of it before i was forced to push stop . this is a soap opera about politics & oil companies . it 's weird jump around style is confusing & pointless ... do yourself a favor and do n't bother w/ this garbage
unintentionally hilarious ; so pretentious and poorly made that i was strangling with laughter several times . jesus/god/satan has sex with every member of a cartoonish bourgeois family and ruins their lives in various side-splitting ways . the maid becomes a saint who eats nettle soup , cures scarred children , and floats in the air . the wife bites the side of her finger , has sex with random strangers , and screams with all the authenticity of a teen in a slasher flick as mozart 's requiem thunders in the background . the movie is technically inept and badly written . any randomly chosen film of bunuel or almodovar will have more to say about sexual politics than this pasolini fiasco . recommended only for connoisseurs of the atrocious . two stars for the `` so bad it 's good '' factor .
i loved the original book & quot ; the sherbrooke bride & quot ; . i have read all of the bride books and this is by far the worse . the only reason i have given this book two stars is because it lets us know what has become of our favorite characters . otherwise , this book is a complete waste of time . if you want to be thoroughly entertained i suggest reading the first book which happens to be about alex and douglass . skip the second for ryder 's story is so-so . i would then read sinjun 's search for love . it is very funny and captivating . ms. coulter generally writes really good books . she should have quit while she was ahead
the title of the book certainly was a great inducement to buy the book . thinking that it would be an informed commentary on key elements of bush 's character , i purchased this book and eagerly awaited its arrival . starting off well , the author lays out what he purports to be the architecture of a meaningful and detailed analysis . then , sadly it degenerates into a self serving diatribe filled with epithets and derogatory terms . whether or not you support the president , any credible review of his actions from a psychiatry perspective should at least appear unbiased . not the case here . mr. frank quickly descends into child like name calling and remarks that should never come from a professional . he cites theories from others that indicate it is impossible to accurately apply a diagnosis without lengthy study , then in the next few paragraphs violates that premise by applying the very diagnosis he earlier claimed was impossible . finally , ( and i have learned my lesson here ) the final words of the book are a call for bush 's impeachment . what that has to do with an unbiased psychological analysis i have no idea . i now will read the final paragraph from any book mr. frank writes to understand his motivation before sharng my hard earned money with him . unless you are a closed minded rabid bush hater , this book will not appeal to you . if you are of such ilk , just rewards are yours for the reading
although prince is an utter genious ! this cd is merely a boring contract filler . i suggest you buy one of his older albums or the new album `` musicology '' instead
the work of duncan j. watts was admittedly inspired by the work of social-psychologist at harvard university , stanley milgram , in the late <NUM> on experiment on the problem called `` small world '' problem : `` anyone person in the world could be reached through a network of friends in only a few steps ; in watts language , `` after the cocktail party banter in which two strangers discover that they have a mutual acquaintance and remind each other what `` a small world '' it is . surprisingly , milgram 's results led to the phrase `` six degrees of separation '' : the degree of network of friends between me and you will never be more than six ! i know someone who knows someone who knows someone else who knows someone that knows someone who becomes my friend ! i feel a must to urge the readers to read the book in order to understand further what science of network can give us . among the popular books of networks , reading watts ' six degrees is important since the book was made seriously by the author for unlimited readers . it is a time for physics gives something valuable on constructing new scientific sociological work to day . hokky situngkir bandung fe institut
this cd is horrible . it starts of with a couple catchy pops songs that carson daily liked then all the sudden , they bust out some rap . canadians ca n't rap , i demand justice ! ! !
i 'll be honest , the last three novels have me thinking that patricia cornwell has sold off the franchise of her name- the `` voice '' the writer uses bears no similarity to her other novels , and its very frustrating . leaves a dedicated reader feeling like she 'd been attacked by the pod people or something ! i hold firm to the idea that she has n't been writing these novels . there is just no way
i originally became interested in into eternity when i saw them open for stratovarius during the <NUM> monster metal madness north american tour . even though they were n't the reason i was there in the first place , i though they gave a pretty good performance and i decided to look into their music . unfortunately , after listening to this album , i 'm reminded that first impressions are not always accurate . first of all , i about laughed myself to death at album description under editorial reviews that states this album is `` a must for fans of dream theater , iron maiden ... and nevermore .... '' . this band has absolutely nothing to do with these bands or the music they play ( other than the fact into eternity probably wishes they were as good as these aforementioned bands that are light years beyond their skills ) , and is obviously slapped here as a selling point . then again , i somewhat ca n't blame century media for writting such rubbish , considering sonata arctica and nightwish have left the label for nuclear blast ( leaving firewind , dream evil and royal hunt as the label 's sole acts i care about ) . also , calling this is cd progressive is a joke as well . the album 's only redeeming feature is the main singer ( no , not mr. death growl # <NUM> and # <NUM> ) . unfortunately , the fact he is forced to take turns with the two death growl vocalists and we never get to hear his full range or abilities as they sing songs with lyrics that are so predictable to this kind of music you swear some depressed teenager wrote when he forgot to take his anti-depressants . i 'm not saying you can write about death , disease , and everything and anything having to do with moral decay , but you have to make it interesting at least and add some intricate song structure ! that said , the only songs on the album worth listening to are buried in oblivion and black sea of agony , were the death vocalists take enough of back seat to the main vocalist and spare the listener of their sad attempt of sounding cool . in all honesty , i would n't recommend this album to anyone , because i can think of so many other bands and albums worthy of metal fans attention and hard earned dollars . ok , so maybe i 'm being a little harsh considering these guys are exactly `` superstars '' per say , but i think i 've been pretty nice so far , as i did n't complain about the production quality or the drummer 's stupid habit of banging on the same drum for <NUM> straight seconds and calling it music . oh wait , i did complain , whoops ...
one wonders by what process a review gets chosen for featured status . i must concur with the unfavorable reviews . warner treats the condemnation trial transcript as a privileged text . she accords it all the authority of a definitive verdict from an impartial court . it was neither . it is unsound scholarship to attempt an uncritical reading of any trial whose conviction was later overturned on appeal . abundant evidence confirms that the original verdict was rigged and that parts of its transcript were falsified . warner barely acknowledges the retrial and offers little pretext for disregarding it . this is the reverse of proper analysis . if the twenty-five year gap between trials is an excuse for warner 's preference , then consistency demands that warner accord still higher value to surviving letters from joan of arc 's own lifetime . she is not consistent . a newcomer to joan of arc biography would do far better with regine pernoud 's `` joan of arc by herself and her witnesses . '' pernoud 's approach is to offer the reader relevant excerpts from original historic documents . organized thematically , pernoud summarizes leading debates and invites readers to reach their own conclusions . the work is admirably impartial . pernoud is perhaps the most respected twentieth century scholar of joan of arc
i have been a db fan for a while but simply found nothing new in his latest effort . the beginning is basically the same as `` fuzzy logic '' and `` right here , right now '' , and the whole cd 's format is just too predictable and less jazzy than before . he 's probably trying to be a bit brizilian but just not quite there ... not impressive at all !
i know that no book can cover every topic , but this book left a lot out . it went into great detail about what i should do if i got some pretty rare diseases , but barely touched on the subject of morning sickness , which is much more common . and some of the information was just plain wrong . i trashed the book when it made me freak out in the 20th week because i could n't feel the baby move . it advised that i should call the doctor . when i did , i found out most women do n't feel it move until <NUM> weeks . unfortunately i found this out after i had cried my eyes out thinking something was wrong . i would not suggest this book to anyone
this is a great cd ... in its original language ! ! ! nek is an italian singer . i 'd love to buy this cd , but not in a spanish cover
stick with the <NUM> and <NUM> cd 's . this one lacks the kick of the others and the chosen songs do n't flow well
how did this guy ever get a recording contract ? not only is his singing style shmaltzy , but his voice is grating , whiney , and nasally . besides being a self-admitted atheist and homosexual , he is a terrible singer . very handsome , though . he looks like a cross between a giant mosquito and a kangaroo who got into somebody 's eye shadow and makeup kits . what an overrated wierdo . this guy had to have friends inside the industry . manilow singing tony bennett or bobby darin is akin to cedric the entertainer playing cary grant or clark gable . in drag , no less
i love balkan beatbox and matisyahu .. but `` so called seder '' was a so called ... nightmare ! i was actually appalled i had purchased it without hearing many of the songs . i know it 's acceptable to say certain things in rap/hip-hop .. but when it comes to our music .. please do n't even go there ! ! i was hoping for something more along the lines of balkan beatbox or matisyahu , but sadly suprised at the lyrics i was hearing and sent it back to j-dub with a letter why .. * sigh
the suburban landscape of the united states is the subject of this book , advertised as `` the first practical guide to creating communities that truly are communities-not merely enclaves near off-ramps . '' guided by the principles of the congress for the new urbanism ( cnu ) , the book uses excerpts from that organization 's charter to illuminate its advocacy of more connected development patterns . the book 's scope extends beyond the commercial strip to include the major building blocks of towns and suburbs , such as apartment complexes , schools , parks and office campuses . hall and porterfield includes passages of fist-thumping suburbia-bashing similar to james howard kunstler 's home from nowhere ( <NUM> , touchstone books ) or jane holtz kay 's asphalt nation ( <NUM> , crown ) . they also include graphic material , much of it adapted their earlier book , a concise guide to community planning ( <NUM> , mcgraw-hill ) . readers knowledgeable about new urbanism will find few surprises here , other than a few glaring factual errors , like a reference to `` tyson 's corners , virginia , one of the largest metropolitan areas in the united states '' ( p. <NUM> ) and a claim that edge cities and urban villages are `` two names for essentially the same thing '' ( p. <NUM> ) . good points crop up here and there , but recommendations are so limited in scope that it can be difficult to discern whether the sample site designs are intended to be good or bad examples , which limits the book 's usefulness pedagogically . the lack of dimensions on most of the drawings also severely limits the book 's utility as a practical reference . hall and porterfield contrast `` conventional suburban development '' and `` traditional neighborhood development '' options for site plans , but the comparisons sometimes seem forced and nearly always ignore the larger regional issues so critical to the debate . one ideal audience for this book might suburban planning commissioners , who need guidance from designers in order to understand the differences between conventional suburban development pods and walkable , human-scaled neighborhoods .
there must be some movie buffs out there who like this film for whatever reason , like it enough that this movie has been classified as a `` cult classic '' of sorts . obviously this is a candidate for inclusion in the criterion collection , they have a cross selection of everything from the works of bergman , antonioni , fellini , godard to the bottom pit of hell with michael bay 's the rock and oh dear god , armageddon ! the man who fell to earth is therefore prime criterion fare , but is the film itself any good ? nicolas roeg is truly a pale imitation of a director . has he ever made a satisfying film that was not deeply flawed ? this david bowie vehicle is no different with it 's oh so <NUM> 's mileau . i especially love how time changes throughout the film , you see characters getting older except bowie who is an alien . decades pass and the characters age but we are still in the <NUM> 's ! awesome , really ! it goes without saying that this film is another of roeg 's many exercises or rather fixations on the concept of alienation and modern malaise , capitalism , consumerist spending , etc . that these ideas are packaged so blatantly , ( the movie about alienation with an alien ! ) , and ineptly is shocking to connoisseurs of fine art cinema . if you want to watch great films about the concept of alienation in the modern world , there is no better director than michaelangelo antonioni with l'avventura , la notte and l'eclisse for starters . nicolas roeg by compasion is painfully incompetent . the best part of this film is it 's sense of humor , it can be funny in a tacky , empty sort of way . plus we get lots of nudity and sex , so that 's fun , supposedly . directors by the <NUM> 's were over the whole censorship of the preceding decades and had as much nudity and sex in their art-house movies as possible , because lots of sex and nudity equals profound insight into the human condition ! right ? ugh ... the dvd is high-quality criterion collection work , but the quality of the movie is your call . i find it to be utter junk but worth a look , you may have a different opinion after this pretentious mess robs you of <NUM> hours and <NUM> minutes of your life . nicolas roeg is a fraud , we have to face up to it
i purchased the adaptation soundtrack thinking the song from the trailer and the v.w . commercial would be on it . the soundtrack is nothing more than very horrible sounds , nothing from the trailer and very expensive . false advertising at it 's best
halley uses 17,000 ft. high mt . ararat in eastern turkey as noah 's ark 's final resting place when the bible says mountains of ararat in the book of genesis . also , old traditions attribute the ararat range to a different area than where mt . ararat ( formerly mt . masis ) is located . on other points he talks about humankind seemingly only 6,000 years old ( as most biblical versions claim if generations are taken literally in genesis ) . well , like another book written in the early <NUM> 's ( the genesis flood ) this book is out of date badly on the age of humankind as dna studies have since totally proven human life is much older than the few thousand years these books claim . unlike the genesis flood this book seems to reflect the author 's real genuine beliefs
i purchased this album when it came out , i listened to it once and threw it in the garbage afterwards . it was that bad ! ! ! it didnt have any of the catchy riffs of the earlier misfits . and the drums ! ... the drums of the old misfits gave it a unique sound ... and this one ! it was second-rate heavy metal/thrash drumming . this album was a terrible , terrible disappointment . i could not believe i spent my money on this album . it is a lame , sad and pathetic attempt at resurrecting the glory of the old misfits ..... this album and the ones after this , proves this to be true .
i was lucky to have not wasted any buck on it.thanks for the lovely service ! the sample of <NUM> minute aimless lousing on note leaded me to an immediate decision
( `` complete '' guide to the classical '' ? ... there 's a warning word for you ! ) judging by the numerous <NUM> star ratings , some people presume to learn from robins ' style of writing and illustrating an art instruction book . moreover , robins subtitles the `` art of figure drawing '' as : `` the complete guide to the classical tradition '' ; well , it is n't ! it is anything but a complete guide to the `` classical tradition '' . in fact , it is exactly the opposite of the `` classical tradition '' for teaching drawing . before purchasing this book , the reader should do a web-search for luca cambiaso ( born <NUM> died <NUM> ) . luca cambiaso , genoese painter began using simplified cubic shapes as a kind of shorthand drawing style , and is believed to have been the author of the method of dividing the human body into small squares in order to give correct proportions . art authorities believe that rennaissance masters passed `` pattern books '' to their students for study . of these , luca cambiaso 's drawings are about all that remain of these `` block figure '' rough sketches . some of these can be found on the internet , just to give you an idea . at any rate , the point i am making here is that these `` block figures '' [ which jack hamm calls simplified figurettes ] are at the core of the classical tradition . robins fails to include block figure , human puppet , or simplified figurette drawings that must be part of a book referencing the `` classic drawing techniques , '' because such block figures are much represented in books genuinely invested in `` the classic tradition '' . i do not really understand why , but it is quite common today , for authors not following the classical tradition to claim exactly the opposite . they claim to teach the classical tradition , but they do not ? to be blunt , it 's a rip-off of some kind . robins is entirely misleading in his title . rather than being invested in `` the classical tradition '' robins is vested in the `` contemporary perspectives '' approach to figure drawing . classical tradition per se , is more represented in books by walt reed , or jack hamm & edgar loy fankbonner & others where block figure or human puppet drawings , along with intermediate steps for refining rough sketches by degree , make up the real `` classical tradition '' . ( i know i 'm being repetitive here , but i simply insist on making the point ! ) another fundamental flaw in robins method , is that he offers what one amazon book reviewer has termed , `` invisible problem solving , '' whereby the final drawings are shown , avoiding the beginning or intermediate steps which are used to arrive at final drawings . the last manga drawing book i peeked at contained no less than <NUM> pages ( out of a total of <NUM> pages ) on human ... ( human , not cartoon , mind you ) anatomy using a honegumi skeleton for illustration . this included basic instruction that any complete guide ought to have : how to draw human eyes , ears ( from front and back view ) , nose , mouth , musculature and bone structure . in this regard , the use of a basic anatomical device such as a honegumi skeleton or `` simplified figurette '' as jack hamm calls them , is fundamental to basic drawing . and this is my criticism of clem robins ; that he has titled his book a `` complete guide '' but it certainly excludes beginning students as a target audience . the price is too high , when there are more thorough guides to human figure drawing still in print for less , some of them published over <NUM> years ago . mr. robins himself recommends george bridgman to the book buyer , over his own text , so what 's the point anyway ? the point is , that whether by publisher or individual author , the `` how-to-draw '' market is flooded with books that some will buy , confident that they are acquiring the very best of the figure drawing tradition . i would shrink from a purchase that contains an author 's personal caveat emptor .
this book is well written by a woman who would know a lot about advances and pick ups . however , her book really only scratches the surface of learning to date out of your league . yes she tells you how to dress , yes she tells you how to eat properly , and yes she even tells you how to be a vip ( all very interesting and good tips by the way ) but what made this book unhelpful was the lack of content . you can not only tell a man to dress well and act wealthy but you must give him content ! tell him what to say ! tell him what to do ! tell him what wo n't work ! the author goes in depth into each sign of interest a woman can show , but if a man can not even be interesting in conversation why would a woman ever show interest ? if your looking for a book to tell you how to dress like sean connery and become a vip at your local restuarant then buy this book . but if your looking for a book that will teach you how to talk to woman , tell funny stories , and get them interested in you i recommend you look elsewhere
first of all the dvd inside is not the famous `` 36th chamber of shaolin '' . it is `` return to the 36th chamber '' , sequel to the original movie . the video quality is so poor that i think it is a pirated copy . i can not believe amazon can sell such item .
this little white janet jackson wannabe is a total sellout and trailer trash with nasly moans for a voice and stiff dancing . and yet <NUM> million losers bought her records
i was very disappointed in this selection . maybe a male football fanatic would find something appealing , but i was very bored ! take me back to court , to the lawyer 's office , to the judge 's chambers , ... just about anywhere but these bleachers ! !
written a little bit too ironically . i did enjoy the reference to encyclopedia brown . fun for a quick read and perhaps for those who are more enmeshed in the nd world than i
the personality of a nazi brownshirt was one of a heightened need for acceptance . fred leuchter was painted as such by many people , some who knew him ( and i 'm guessing knew better ) and as we may be witnessing others who did n't . brownshirts insult , assault , rather than intellectually confront and expose objections to their popular ideas . maybe a major lesson of the holocaust is that the brownshirt mentality can live in any culture so long as a popular movement of idea is available for them to cling to . so long as the need for acceptance outweighs the need for a competition of ideas . there must be someone to hate for the brownshirt to exist , so that they may prove their allegiance to the group . maybe a great contribution one can give to their group is sincere dissent , as dissent does not equal disloyalty ... except in a nazi state . there was a great free press in germany in nazi times , so long as that free thought was constrained within the preset boundaries . `` mr. death '' is not representation of fred leuchter . fred leuchter is representation of fred leuchter . might i suggest not suggesting a collection of articles by many of the same people in this documentary . that 's not clarification , that 's reinforcement of one idea . rather go and find fred and speak to him . get his view . if you do n't have a preformed agenda ( like van pelt or morris ) , you may get him to respond like i did . i found a different fred ( and a much much different story ) than i was given by director morris and others . the question is not whether german gas chambers were used to murder people , the question is whether someone will be allowed to think contrary to that , or any other idea . that is , without having his house firebombed , a concerted effort to ruin him financially take place , have his reputation ruined , or any of the other stuff happen . if fred 's ordeal is any indication , the brownshirts are alive and well , but i do n't think fred is one of them . the one fact i would alter in my previous post is rabbi bauer 's support for `` no gas chambers '' . bauer supported fred 's methods , not necessarily his conclusion . i tried in vain to contact bauer , on where he differs with fred . fred has high regard for rabbi bauer . the polish forensic investigation ( which came soon after fred 's ! ) did not come to the same conclusion as fred , but did essentially duplicate fred 's data collection methods and results . there was testimony at the nuremburg trials by both inmates and german staff that homocidal gassings took place in those camps in germany . in <NUM> , physical and chemical tests showed that no gassings occured there . it took <NUM> years ( <NUM> ) for simon weisenthal to admit that no gassings took place in those german concentration camps . a former inmate at auschwitz has said that no homocidal gassings took place there . but all this is n't to say that the auschwitz gassings did n't occur , but rather to simply say that some may think they did n't occur and for that they should n't be condemned ... unless the idea is to create an enemy out of sincere people like fred
could not get in to story , jumped around so much , worse book i have tried to read
after reading this book as i did , you may have a great feeling of confidence and a new interest in the game of craps . do n't get carried away though . there are studies that refute any influencing of the dice by dice setters . the only studies mentioned are by those who are selling dice setter information . the methods in the book are certainly worth experimenting with , but not with your hard earned money . if you have been to vegas recently its apparent that many people have read this book and are trying out the theory of dice setting . does anyone think if dice setting took even a tiny part of the casinos profit that it would be allowed to continue ? i think casinos love people who have read this book and try to beat the game
the schumann that is presented here is a forgery . do n't get me wrong . i 'm not railing against schumann at all . the question here is what makes schumann great , and the way that bernstein presents these symphonies says schumann is great for the wrong reasons . the real schumann that lived was a completely different person than what we might assume from listening to this particular presentation of his music . schumann was not a hopeless romantic . he was one composer in a long line of `` classicists '' which ended with brahms , yet at the same time he was an innovator , pushing forward , trying to find new stylistic and technical means of expression . he had plenty of dignity , and he did n't write his music as a desperate plea for the world to like him , which is exactly what it sounds like here . bernstein trudges through these fine works as if he were dying . yes , many of these performances are the slowest on record , but this is a bad thing . these beautiful works lose value immeasurably when they are saturated with thick , waxy , overly romantic textures and phrasing . tell me , did schumann ever write : `` to be played extremely histrionically and melodramatically , with the greatest possible amount of cheese and theatrics '' in his score ? no ! he did not . these performances are not more expressive than others in the real sense of the word , and any person in his/her right mind should be able to see this . you may be able to hear the orchestration more clearly than in karajan 's filth , but that 's not saying much at all . and for this slight favor bernstein does for the music , he makes it infinitely worse when he stretches the fabric of these works beyond their limit . the most blatant example is the third movement of the second symphony , taken at half tempo . all semblance of melody and motion is lost . this movement is supposed to be several minutes shorter than the first , and not the longest movement of the symphony , not to mention the longest movement in the entire set . in fact , almost every movement of every symphony could stand to have at least a minute hacked off of its timing . also , while looking at the scores , you might notice that bernstein does away with detail work this time around . carefully laid out phrasing and the dynamic arch are thrown out of the window in favor of grand `` romantic '' gestures . observing details in schumann , ironically , helps to make the music speak more freely and honestly . this is n't honest music-making here , only a self-indulgent conductor once again plastering his image over the face of great art
i was expecting this movie to be great considering this was the guy from brotherhood of the wolf . what a disappointment . i fast forward through alot but still could n't bring myself to finish watching it . the plot is slow and the actions sequences look like a tv shows
i 'm a bit confused here ..... i can respect cutting-edge and new ideas . but this cd is neither
having spent the better part of my life involved in the music business , i can honestly say ( my opinion only of course ) that this is the worst piece of plastic i 've ever purchased . this is the laziest , most careless , most arrogant album i 've ever heard ! ! i feel as though i 'm on `` candid camera '' and everyone who saw me purchase this album is on the floor laughing at me -- laughing the hardest is probably john waite !
first off , i 'll admit that i did n't read the whole book . now i 'll say my peace on it . hacker generalizes broadly about the behaviors and sentiments of both whites and blacks . though white himself , he seems to absolutely despise whites across the board as either racist scum or well-meaning but idiotic . then he says that martin luther king jr. only came to prominence as a leader of the civil rights movement because the whites in power chose him . it sounds to me as if hacker thinks that the black population were too ignorant to choose there own leader and allowed the whites to give them their hand-picked mlk jr . the thought of that makes me ill . apparently , in hacker 's world view , everyone except himself is either evil or stupid . but it was very entertaining
this is as another reviewer stated , `` advertising . '' completely unpractical from either an engineer or buildler 's point of view . steer clear
extremely basic ! it would be useful to have on hand , but the $ is way too much for the few quick tips the book offers
after seeing a preview in a theatre of this re-release , i was intrigued , mainly because it did n't have any of the usual '70s black action stars ( fred williamson , richard roundtree , et al ) in it . i though maybe this was the great lost blaxploitation film . i was wrong . it 's just not that great . it 's got a good plot and good intentions , but a mediocre script , some remarkably gratuitous scenes of violence and nudity ( even for this genre ) and atrocious acting by everybody except the two leads ( who struggle valiantly but in vain ) keep this on the level of a cheap made-for-tv movie . sorry , folks , it just does n't live up to the hype
but ultimately unsatisfying . the acting is extremely average . the plot is very underplayed ; in fact , too underplayed . even the erotic aspect of the movie loses its charm early on . i dunno . i do n't think anais nin would 've approved of this adoption of her work
well , i must say that the dvd has many aspects : <NUM> . most of the music is absolutely annoying and horrible for a topic such as gnosticism . furthermore , the volume of the music itself sometimes does not allow us to listen clearly to the words of the narrator . <NUM> . everything in reduced to this : gnosis is an alectromagnetic experience with the quantum universe that lies within the self . hence , to be illuminated by christ or to be a buddha is just to achieve an electromagnetic condition offered by the union with the universal mind and the kundalini in us . <NUM> . the narratror fails to expose a very important and key idea : there are two types of kundalini and two main centers in the human body . he never speaks of the kundalini of the heart . he speaks only of the lower kindalini , the one responsible for the human sexuality . <NUM> . anyway , it is worth to watch the dvd once . but be prepare to endure a very disgusting and annoying music that hides the most important thing : the words of the narrator ! too much especualtion , at the end . it is sad that there is not yet in the market a good dvd on gnosis or gnosticism , made with ellegance , fair scientifical research and seriousness , without any music at all as the background . this dvd is an excellent example of how annoying can music be !
the first butterfly effect is one of my all-time favorite movies . with that in mind , i eagerly started watching be2 . within the first <NUM> minutes it became clear that i was going to have to stretch the truth in order to claim this was a good movie . but after finishing it , it was clear that i would have to flat-out lie to do that . there is one and only one redeeming factor in this movie : erica durance naked . but it 's too softcore , short , and pointless to really be worth anything . the writing is terrible . the story is lifted directly from the original , only without any semblance of personal feeling or emotion . it manages to be both predictable and borderline nonsensical , a feat unparelleled in modern film . the protagonist comes off as an idiotic , self-concerned , petty jerk that even jerks would have a hard time identifying with . the acting is ... barely passable , for the most part , but the story 's protagonist is just plain bad at expressing all the things this character needs to express . the first one was great because you never knew exactly what to expect - how long would he be able to keep doing this ? would this one be the last ? in the sequel , this is gone , but without any extra twists or added value to keep it interesting . if you have any fond memories of the first one , avoid this turd
heinlein loads this book up with hooks in the early pages to catch your attention . unfortunately , these hooks turn out to be superfluous and lead nowhere . this shoddy technique is found in all four of hienlein 's final books . we are also treated to some of heinlein 's stock characters , dirty old men , horny female computers , naked adolescent girls , and dominant beauties who would be right at home in leather and whips . without these archetype characters most heinlein novels written after <NUM> would have a sparse population indeed . as if this is n't enough , heinlein drags in his usual cast of characters from his other novels as he is so prone to doing . in spite of all their cameo appearances , this group remains dull and one dimensional throughout . heinlein 's earlier novels written prior to <NUM> are still fine fare for young people , especially boys . this novel , as well as most of heinlein 's later work will be enjoyed primarily by a group of die hard fans and is definitely not for general consumption
bland , bland , and more bland . it seemed to be trying for some kind of emotional resonance , and fell far short of the mark . with the except on the main character 's mother , nearly every single character was completely unlikeable . and a little lea delaria goes a long , long way . it does replicate the 80s very well , but it just feels so devoid of humanity
as an introduction zen , what has been presented in this book is fine though it could have been done with lot less elitist overtone . i agree zen and its true comprehension does not come easy ( i am talking of regular mortals such as myself here ) and words as mere symbols for concepts are distorting when conveying zen . i do not propose that i am an expert on zen or even buddhism in general but i have read a few books on buddhism by thich nhat hanh , dalai lama , chogyam trungpa and others . though an agnostic who does not care for much for organized religion , i do believe the most fundamental benefit of any spiritual/ religious framework is to instill a sense of compassion toward other beings . you need some kind of cultural creation ( religious or otherwise ) to counter act the natural tendency of a human to be self-serving . in this aspect , i have high regards for non-theistic buddhism and the inclusiveness of vedanta ( hinduism ) that proposes all religions eventually lead to the same attainment . from this viewpoint i was surprised with this author . this author may have been one of the leading authorities on zen in his time , but unfortunately he comes as an arrogant , elitist , full of prejudices . he does not miss any opportunity to put down other religions or even other sects of buddhism . only zen as practiced by the rinzai sect is pure , strong and generally worthy of pursuit . any form of spiritualism from the west is of course hopeless since the western mind can not escape the conditioning of logical thinking . any spiritualism from india is complex , ceremonial and not practical . other sects of buddhism generally do not have true comprehension , lost their way focusing on non-essentials etc . he reserves his most disparaging remarks for indian religions and monks ( and does his best to show that though buddhism originated in india , it is really the chinese and japanese due to their practical nature made something of it ) . is this just the standard fundamentalism/ misplaced racism ? i will definitely read other books on zen and go beyond this author .
it looks pretty , and has shiny pictures , but if you want to learn something new about no limit holdem , this is not the book for you . this book is filled with barry 's opinion on appropriate ettiquette at a game , money management ( nothing specific , just him saying do n't blow it - seriously ) and is basically his autobiography . i play online professionally for a living ( small stakes ) but am developing into a pro . i would recommend the theory of poker - david sklansky . tournament poker for advanced players - david sklansky . and of course super system - <NUM> or <NUM> is the same for the nl holdem section . i mean no book is going to turn you into a pro , it takes a combination of things , and alot alot of play . this book will not make you a better poker player , simple as that
james glassman should apologize for his stupidity , his arrogance , and this book , which lured in a whole lot of amateur investors just as the stock market was about to go bust .
this has got to be the worst film version of an austin story i 've ever seen . the plot is only tenuously connected with the book ; as for the characters , hairstyles & costumes , it should be subtitled `` fellini does austin '' because it most closely resembles the `` satyricon '' imo . the makeup , costuming , & hair on all the characters is not only not even close to reasonably accurate historically , but downright grotesque & bizarre - and that 's just the lead character , catherine . the rest are worse . bad acting , too . very lame film . the austin estate should sue bbc for turning out such a turkey & using her name
i really liked tevin campbell in disney 's `` a goofy movie '' . it made the movie really special . but now when i go and see what his old cds were like , they sound almost nothing like the guy . the music is way too slow paced and his voice sounds bored and well ... like it 's just dragging on and on . maybe it was because the music was more upbeat and bassey -- not to mention totally cool in the movie . i only gave the cd two stars because of his terrific performance in `` a goofy movie '' . check out that cd if you want to see the best of tevin
i found the plot of this book impossible to follow . it contains excessively verbose descriptions with a lot of cliches . the hero almost dies twice in a row and is each time magically saved for no reason . and there are only so many times i can read variations of `` he swung his sword really hard '' and `` it was a really scary dragon . '' the illustrations are quite beatiful , though
cruise plays brian flanagan , i guess because people think he does a decent irish accent . nevertheless while under the drink mixing tutelage of `` obi-wan '' coughlin ( brown ) he gets involved with coral ( gina gershon ) later telling coughlin of their bedroom exploits . to ensure that flanagan sees the light , coughlin sleeps with coral to try to show flanagan she was no good for him . why coral would sleep with coughlin just because flanagan said they were making nikki-nikki is a mystery ( she 's seen sleeping over at the apartment and all cuddily with tom 's character for god 's sake ) . anyway , what a pal , nice to see coughlin really cares . later , actually just a brief dissolve to ocean shores & islands , despite this friendship-ending dastardly deed flanagan befriend 's coughlin while working in jamaica . now that ( brown ) has found `` true '' happiness ( lynch ) , you 'd think he 'd want the same for ( tom ) , right ? wrong . despite flanagan 's seriously developing affinity for jordan ( shue ) , he dares ( tom ) to bed the mature , rich and connected bonnie ( lisa banes ) . of course , this destroys cruise & shue 's chance for romance , despite his explanation that it 's okay because `` when a guy lays down a dare , you just got to . '' what kind of logic is that ? still later trying to make up with her , he claims he got spooked by jordan , so which one is it ? finally , how nice for hollywood to wrap everything up with death , attempted seduction , pregnancy , attempted bribery , and flanagan striking out on his own in one of the riskiest businesses around a `` theme '' bar . although , cute at times , one has to wonder the next time someone dares tom 's character
okay , two of history 's most annoying hits are on this disc : wonderwall and especially the endless , bloated champagne supernova . liam gallagher can not sing , and these guys claiming to be better than the beatles is ridiculous . screw oasis , buy beatles
this movie was soooo boring and not only that put even the ending did n't put means to the movie what a waste of seeing hte movie or even renting it trash
wow , this was awful ! the best thing about this dvd is that it does n't last long . my boyfriend and i sat down to watch this together ( in the mood to begin with ) and both of us were completely turned off by it . the woman is not even naked , and wears a nightie throughout the dvd . she also is extremely hairy ( a matter of personal taste i know , but this was very extreme ) . the tone of it was decidedly unsexy , more of a strictly how-to than a way to excite the watcher ( s ) . it seemed to me to be very low-budget and unimaginative . spend your money on something else if you 're looking for sexual excitement ..
i was unable to play in my car cd player , so only choice i got is to listen at home using my home dvd player .
after reading the novel the great gatsby for school i went out and rented the <NUM> version of the movie . i absolutely adored it . it showed the characters personalities as they were in the book . after that we watched the <NUM> version in school and i found it to be almost unbearable . the acting was poor exspecially on the part of toby stephens ( gatsby ) . he seemed like more of a mix of joey from friends and boy george than a love struck man . while the hit and run scene did prove to be rather entertaining , over all i feel that this movie is just a waste of time and you would be much better off watching the <NUM> version
being a big eastwood fan , i bought this unseen and watched it for the first time last night . eastwood is great , as always , although his cop character in this one displays a little more vulnerability than most of his tough guy roles . locke 's acting is over-the-top and annoying , as always . this is a pretty good action movie , but the ending is ridiculous . after blasting the hell out of this bus , the cops are just going to let eastwood walk up the steps of city hall with a gun tucked into his waistband ? i mean , no one says a word to him . and on top of that , he takes the assistant d.a . hostage and locke 's character shoots the police commissioner dead in front of the entire phoenix police department , and nobody does a damn thing ? are you kidding ? i 'm all for suspending a sense of reality when watching action movies , but give me a break . this ai n't no academy-award winner . eastwood is the only thing saving this turkey
the translation of this work is at best clumsy and frequently appalling . as a previous reviewer notes much appears to have been carried out using , poorly , a dictionary . thus we have `` knife '' used to refer to what in english is commonly called a sabre . the reason being ( i assume ) that the character used to describe the weapon commonly means knife . frequently , she has chosen arcane language . thus we get `` myrmidon '' to describe a senior captain/bodyguard ; the translater not appreciating that the term when used in english literature is either jocular or derogatory . some phrases and clauses are meaningless . it all reflects badly on the editorial team at the chinese university press in hong kong and , unfortunately , tells one much about the standard of english here . where does this leave the reader ? frankly , i can not understand how anyone could give this book a high rating other than out of a desperate desire to read something of this genre . the deer and the cauldron is far superior . this book can only be recommended to somebody who is prepared to persevere with the translation out of an interest in martial arts literature
it says 1-6 pack . but i only had <NUM> to <NUM> seasons ( dvd 's ) in it . do not ever buy from this selle
i was n't expecting disney , but i was less than thrilled by this feature . i 'm assuming there 's a genera of animation produced in the mid <NUM> 's that took the whole 'stoner ' heavy metal thing and ran with it . many many long drawn out scenes with rock music and psychedelic colors that did nothing for the story . i am an animation junkie and will watch anything and everything , but i could n't get through this whole film
this is n't an introductory book on quarks . it assumes you already know the terminology . what is spin ? what is isospin ? the glossary at the back is n't helpful . i read <NUM> or so pages and then realized it was n't an oversight ... he really has no plans to introduce these and other basic terms and explain them . very disappointing
this is not the music from the movie . this purchase was a major dissapointment . you would do beter searching for the music credits for titles , then download the tracks form your music subscriber
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz . not unlike watching the hundred hour previews before the oscars or superbowl ... lots of glitter , much pomp , much applause ( especially for old favorites ) and a couple of good bits . best taken in small doses
i will not be buying this version . i have no desire to have a cherished christmas classic with it 's cover despoiled by an obnoxious picture of an obnoxious `` musician '' . i will keep searching pre-owned dvd outlets for the previous dvd release of this , the one which has n't been defaced by an ill-concieved marketing gimmick . what were they thinking ? the people who do n't care would have bought this either way , but they 've lost those of us who do care . seems to me like a counter-productive strategy . the people at sony who made this decision should be fired
i am a nevada barr fan and was unfortunately disappointed with `` high country . '' the story takes place in a restaurant ( boring ) . the characters were dull and i kept getting them confused . anna 's constant thinking of how old she feels is tiresome . i also missed anna 's sister , molly , who is only mentioned a few times in the book . sorry , but i really ca n't recommend this book as a good read . if you want to get a feel for a real anna pigeon adventure , pick up `` track of the cat '' or `` liberty falling .
unlike other more chill travis discs like `` the man who '' and `` invisible band , '' this cd is really pretty heavy . i gave the cd away to a buddy of mine who likes hard rock and he loves it . this is not a cd to put on and relax to
i had originally seen this book as a subject of pbs ' frontline several months ago . i was enthralled by the subject matter and decided to get a copy from the local library and read about it myself . what a mistake . the pbs frontline tv program was so much better than the book . i found maraniss ' switch from the viet nam story to the university of wisconsin protest story very aggravating ; and , as another reader mention , it made for a very disjointed narrative . the juxtapositioning of the two narratives does not work ! i found myself more interested in the war portion of the book than reading about soglin and his friends embroiled in a protest against dow chemical . frankly , i found this portion of the book to be quite a bore and it almost ruined the book for me . who cares about college kids and their protesting episodes . it is simply not important . if you are interested in reading the book , read the nam portion and skip the protest chapters . better yet , catch the frontline episode and skip the book completely .
please all this is far from sam elliot 's better westerns . see `` the sacketts ' , `` conagher '' , `` the shadow riders '' , or `` the quick and the dead '' . this is far less a believable western . few if any women did what this woman did let alone the whole storlyine reeks of trying to be modern , not authentic . sorry but no character development in my book does not make a good movie . not to mention these were not exactly the kind of characters i would want to see developed
i got this film because i 'm from detroit where this takes place . it 's a pretty typical revenge flick . four brothers want to find their adoptive mother 's killer . usual smartass remarks , guys talking bs , fights , shootouts , blah , blah , blah . i guess these kind of movies will always be made and when made well they can be fun to watch . this script was mediocre at best . give me a clint eastwood or bruce willis film any day over this tripe .
robert ryan never delivered a bad performance . his memorable portrayal of a tokyo crime boss is the best thing in `` house of bamboo '' ( <NUM> ) -- director samuel fuller 's flat attempt at japanese film noir . ryan easily towers over robert stack 's routine characterization , which looks like a dry run for `` the untouchables . '' apart from ryan and joseph macdonald 's on-location cinemascope photography , this reworking of the superior `` street with no name '' ( <NUM> ) collapses at the starting gate . a major disappointment
like other reviewers of this cd i bought it because i liked the song livin la vida loca which is played a lot on radio stations and to be honest it 's the only song i like on this cd ! the other songs just do n't appeal to me . he is a good singer though
i love to read , and have all my life . i do n't know how i escaped reading `` mary poppins '' as a child , because i read nearly every other children 's classic book . i decided to read this aloud to my children precisely because i had n't read it . i was horrified as the book went on ... if this mary has a heart , i ca n't find it . you 'd have to use a microscope to find it . yes , there are strange adventures that are interesting . i do n't have a problem with that . my problem is mary herself . she 's nasty and mean , and there is n't one redeeming quality about her in the book . i found myself disliking her more and more as the book went on . perhaps i was tainted in my viewpoint by the disney version . but i 'll gladly take that version , for once , over the book . at least in the movie mary could crack a smile and actually enjoy something . in the book she 's as friendly as a block of ice . watch the movie . forget the book
each story has a different author ... however they all use the same verbage . their either all friends or the same person . i do not like this book nor does my husband
very bad selection of songs , most of them you alredy have in others bee gees collections like number ones or the record . it would be much better if the producers choice new songs like country lanes , or tears and remaster them . any real fan can make a better list
there is no perfect earth . the dc universe is corrupt ? let 's see ... joker actually turns out to be a hero ( i know , he 's not presented as one , but he offs al , so he 's a hero ) . wonder woman kills someone ? yeah , right . batman actually points a gun at someone ? yeah , right again . the big blue schoolboy saves the universe ? hack , ptooey . everybody makes mistakes ( the big idea from the series along with there 's no perfect earth ) . it 's too bad that dc did n't realize that this series was one of them
this is one of the weirdest video adapatations of a novel i 've ever seen . the novel was an early work by jane austen ( published posthumously ) so it 's not as well crafted as later works . despite the novel 's weaknesses , however , even this video production does not do it justice . the heroine looks like she 's on heroin , maj. tinley ( played by the same guy who played the older doctor in `` all creatures great and small '' ) is positively creepy , his son , henry tilney , smirks instead of smiles , the thorpe sister is just plain ugly ( i should say she 's just plain plain ) and the tilney sister is a stiff . i ca n't remember whether other videos of this novel were available and this is the one i chose or whether there was no other choice . the only value the video had for me was it helped establish who the characters were and their relationships -- before i read the book . as they say , `` the book was better , '' and in this case , the old saying could n't be more true
... but that 's to be expected since this is , after all , written for the sort of person who is somehow still behind the bush administration 's foreign policy , even after more than four years of it . well , this much can be said : at least the author showed some consideration for his true audience by keeping things extremely short and simple . simplistic , in fact . that audience is very easy to recognize -- they 're the ones , while reading this book-priced magazine article , whose lips are moving
the first book of this trilogy is the best . so rich in detail . well defined characters . such a good pace . it made me scour every bookshop i knew looking for the second and third books . when i found them , i got a distinct feeling that something or someone was rushing ms. hearn to finish the series ... or she got bored with japan .... whatever the reason is it is to the detriment of the plot . you know when an unimaginative/bored person is telling a story ? there 's a lot of `` and then ... and then and then ... '' . hope you get my drift .
here i thought they were infallible and they go do this one-off `` ner ner '' music that inspires intimate thoughts regarding blood relations and livestock . i played it backwards and not only did i sober up , but my wife came back to me , my dog came back to life , my truck got fixed , the bank took the lien off my house and i bowled a perfect game ! signed , epsteinsmutha
i could not sit through this movie . the acting and screenplay are terrible . this film could be described as a bad made-for-tv movie at best . i ended up fast-forwarding though the entire movie after the first <NUM> minutes and turned the player off before i reached the end . i could n't take it anymore . this movie is one of the worst i 've attempted to watch in a long time . not recommended .
i am only partway through my organic chemistry course , but already i know enough about this book to give it a very negative review . it simply does not explain topics well enough . also , the problems at the end of the chapters are simply not difficult enough to prepare you adequately for exams . although i 've never used any other textbook , this one justs seems horrible . i 'm generally an excellent student and can learn from many different types of texbooks , but this one is just horrible . i referred to 'organic chemisty as a second language ' by david r klein for a clear understanding of many topics such as fisher projections , asid base strength , predicting substitution and elimination reactionns , resonance , drawing chair conformations , determining the configuration of a stereocenter , and many other basic concepts which are not explained well in this textbook . if however , you are going to use this book , i would highly reccomend buying the solution manual , it is difficult to use this book without it . the solutions manual ( 4th edition ) repeats each question before giving the answer , so it also a valuable aid to use even without the book itself .
i was really impressed by how the movie looked visually ; but then i started to try and figure out what was going on in the story ....... and was extremely confused . the reason i gave this anime <NUM> stars was because the story was so hard to follow i turned it off a little less then half way through
i do n't have a lot to say about this movie except that it is not your typical mob drama and the family tragedy spewed on some major depression . this movie was not what i expected and the storyline had too many holes in it
one of the most eagerly awaited episodes in showtime 's masters of horror series , dance of the dead is sadly disappointing . now granted , it 's been a long time since tobe hooper , the craftsman behind the legendary texas chainsaw massacre , has done anything remotely spectacular , but the potential was here . based on a great story by i am legend author richard matheson ( and adapted by his son , richard christian matheson ) , dance of the dead revolves around a mad max-ish post-apocalyptic future in which a sheltered girl ( jessica lowndes ) gets in with a bad boy ( a beefed-up jonathan tucker , from the <NUM> re-make of texas chainsaw massacre ) who does work for the mc ( genre icon robert englund ) of a club that does some very different performances than you would expect , only to learn a shocking truth about her family . what 's the most disappointing here is hooper 's techniques , which are quite a number of quick flashes , edits , and cuts ; which were most likely done to give the story a tripped out feel , but only distract the viewer . not to mention that a majority of the cast are so bad delivering some truly atrocious dialogue ( lowndes and tucker are the only ones who do n't seem to be sleepwalking ) that the episode has an overly campy feel to it , and the music ( allegedly by smashing pumpkins frontman billy corgan ) is nu-metal drivel that is as derivative as hooper 's directing techniques . it 's a shame , there was a lot of potential here between hooper , the story , and the cast ; but it all got wasted . there 's some nice moments here and there ( the apocalyptic flashback sequence is very nicely done ) , but there 's not enough here to make dance of the dead what it could have been
in <NUM> , when film critic roger ebert interviewed irwin allen , the mega-producer suggested a potential story idea for a planned sequel to `` the poseidon adventure '' ... the survivors of the poseidon disaster would be rescued and taken to land in italy where they would be placed on a train which would go through a tunnel in the alps . the tunnel would collapse and everyone would be trapped under the mountain . ebert thought it was an excellent idea . and as it turns out mr. allen should have went with it . because the movie he wound up making is an idiotic waste of time ; ranks among the worst sequels ever made ; and marked the beginning of the end of allen 's reign as the `` master of disaster . '' side note : allen directed this mess and , as `` beyond tpa '' star michael caine said in his autobiography , good ol ' irwin should have stuck to producing ! worth a look for `` poseidon '' fans , but that 's about it .
edward said , created a proble and made a career of the israel palestine conflict , and conviently died before he could also resolve the death and destruction he brought to the arab palestinians . he was a one man destruction derby under the guise of poetry , linguistics and hate and he helped stir up anti israel and anti jewish hatred on every university he spoke at . hopefully , this `` vintage '' book will become no longer relevant , ans disappear
i bought this cd based on the fact that i liked ultra dance <NUM> . i thought the third one would be another good cd to listen to for the summer . i was disappointed when i got my cds and listened to them . the mixes on these songs are terrible , with the exception of two tracks . on the other hand , ultra dance <NUM> , which is mixed by dj encore , is much better in comparison . although the songs on ultra dance <NUM> are last year songs , it is worth more than this one . trust me , you are not missing anything
i recently read this book for a elan class @ uga . i thought it was terrible and pointless . the characters lack depth and the theme of the book is not developmentally appropriate for 7th or 8th graders . the book was around <NUM> pages and leaves the reader wishing he had done something better with his time . my professor scolded me for not wanting to read this book to my future classes . she claimed i was scared to read books to my kids . ( i guess she is refering to the religious implications in the book ) she is absolutely right . i am terrified to read bad books to my students .
i recently read this book for a elan class @ uga . i thought it was terrible and pointless . the characters lack depth and the theme of the book is not developmentally appropriate for 7th or 8th graders . the book was around <NUM> pages and leaves the reader wishing he had done something better with his time . my professor scolded me for not wanting to read this book to my future classes . she claimed i was scared to read books to my kids . ( i guess she is refering to the religious implications in the book ) she is absolutely right . i am terrified to read bad books to my students .
i do not recommend this book .. other than the part where you learn to peel the onion of your problems .. which you will read in any other anxiety book .. i do not recommended this book at all ! terrible .. the breathing exercises to stop anxiety does not work ! ! its so silly , waste of money ! ! i give it a d- seriously .. of course this is my opinion , but i have anxiety , so i would like to help other ppl save their money and time on another book !
i purchased this movie as it was labeled an epic film and someone even compared it to the best love story since gone with the wind . give me a break ! this movie had an agenda <NUM> years ago , and it still comes across that way in <NUM> . the rating of pg is a joke . please do not watch this movie with your kids ! it is certainly has a more mature theme than what you would think . the plot is lame and i am sorry i spent the money on it . i plan to get rid of the movie and exchange it as used somewhere where i can get something that is entertaining , this certainly was not . i did not even reach the end of the first disc before turning it off . for top names in the industry making this film , all i can say is they got paid a lot of money for nothing .
there 's really not much reason to buy this album . a year before this was released , mannheim released an album called `` halloween , '' which was a two-disc set , with one disc featuring music ( mostly mannheim arrangements of `` scary '' classical pieces like `` hall of the mountain king , '' plus a few rehases of old fresh aire tunes ) , and the other disc featured spooky sound effects . `` monster mix '' takes samplings from that two-disc set and gives you the abridged version on one disc for a couple of dollars less . they also threw in `` full moon '' , which was first released on their `` ambience series '' album , `` autumn song . '' incidentally , i like their `` autumn song '' album quite a bit better than either `` halloween '' or `` monster mix , '' but you can only get it directly through mannheim 's official website . for those who are n't familiar with the tracks on this disc -- some of the tracks are decent , though none reached the quality of music that mannheim put out back in the late 80s/early 90s . synthesizers always played a heavy role in mannheim 's music , but here , they get a bit overbearing and everything starts to sound a bit cheap and over-quantized ( in other words , it all feels like it was machine generated -- which , i suppose , it was . ) still , if you like the steamroller sound , and you want to hear them attempt a holiday other than christmas , you may find this interesting for a couple of listens . but then , just pay the extra dollar or two and get the full double-disc set called `` halloween . '' better yet , go to their website ( mannheimsteamroller.com ) and try `` autumn song . ''
i havent listened to these guys since vaseline way back in the early <NUM> 's ........ after reading rave reviews about this album , here on amazon , i had to see what the fuss was about ... the first couple of tracks are ok ..... especially the first one , that is the best song off the album .... as i got further down the trackilisting , they start to all sound the same .... how about the singer , if my memory is correct , he is that crazy looking clown like idiot with huge red puffy hair ..... i think his voice is so stupid , its not even funny ..... oh and the lyrics , come on now ..... they are absolutely ridiculous if you consider yourself as one of those worm type little people , that rootes for guys like roger from the nerds ..... this is your type of music ...
i did n't watch millenium when it was on ten years ago , so i thought i 'd give it a try on dvd , as i 'm a big x-files fan . i watched two shows : `` the beginning and the end '' and `` the dogs '' . they were ridiculous and boring . i 'm done with millenium
another great player selling out to sell more . seems like another outbreak of the kenny bug . i 'm sure any jazz aficianado would agree with me when i say that gerald albright is a much more comprehensive player than this album suggets . check out the 'live at birdland west ' album for a taste of what mr. albright is really about .
do ben clark 's teenage fans realize that he 's pushing thirty ? the dude is old . he 's not a young jackass , he 's an old jackass . and is n't it a bit creepy that an old dude like ben tries so hard to appeal to 14-year-olds ? check out the lashes myspace profile . creeeeepy !
i have mixed feelings about this quasi-romance novel about an american teacher named hope and po-yu ( paul ) , her chinese student . on one hand , it was often very interesting , as ms. liu gives a lot of historical detail about san francisco and china . on the other hand , the characters were rather shallow . i did n't find hope , who oddly resembled a whiny yuppie of the present day , particularly appealing . po-yu was far more interesting , and was portrayed with some complexity and depth . the romance between hope and po-yu rang false for me . ( `` honey , i first fell in love with you when i realized it was required for the plot to progress ! '' ) i still ca n't see what attracted them to each other . also , did anyone else notice that any slight against hope is recorded with meticulous detail ( the rampant racism against chinese at that time seems glossed over in comparison although it is mentioned ) , but ms. liu has some pretty crude stereotypes in this novel : a hearty blonde swede , a drunk , surly irishwoman , and hope 's one-sided-ly disagreeable mother-in-law to name a few . also , she takes some pretty cheap shots at two groups it is still politically correct to demonize : all the britons in the book are `` right-o , jolly-good '' bigots , and all the christians are consistently hypocritical , or stupid , or both . in addition , much of the middle of the book is bogged down in political discussions that try so hard to be interesting that they 're just the opposite . and to top it all off , the ending was forced . this novel could have been so much better : as this book is based on the lives of her grandparents , she obviously had some fascinating material to work with . and one more quibble : one of hope and po-yu 's daughters is named jennifer pearl . in <NUM> the name jennifer pretty much existed in only one place in the world : cornwall , uk
it does not even sound like ford and the socalled hits i never heard before and i am old enough to have heard all his hits
terrible . this album is terrible . all tracks the same . terrible take off on the song , the dance . wow , it 's so bad , do n't know where to begin . awful . simply disgusting , this musician should play different music with his talent . awful . terrible . disgusting . no musician in the world would recomend this album for anything . disgusting . little tinkerbell chimes in background of songs . so ridiculously bad it 's not even funny . if you buy this . you just wasted some money . needlessly . i bought it . terrible mistake . disgusting . might have made me laugh from stupidity if it was a little better . terrible . awful . disgraceful . wow what a stupid c
the biggest idiots i 've ever heard except for rappers of course . this is a band that could have been a great band if it was n't for the goofy vocalist botching and making a joke out of everything . the musicianship is definately there , excellent musicianship , but comic book lyrics and vocals trash it all ! after a few songs of this , the humor gets old real quick . it 's sad to see such gifted southern musicians live up to an outdated stereotype played out by a childish vocalist who thinks all of life is a joke . if it was n't for this , and they had gotten a real vocalist to sing the songs seriously , they probably would have been as big as lynyrd skynryd , and their musicianship gives strong evidence of what should have been , instead of them being reduced to dime store novelty status ! thank god that lynyrd skynyrd , ozark mountain daredevils , and molly hatchett got it right , and did the south proud with some dignity
i own four other albums and all of them are great . when i pop in a hootie cd i expect to be relaxed by the soothing voice and the familiar sound that accompany one of my all time favorite bands . i buy cd 's and keep those cd 's on the premise that the entire cd is worth keeping . i am not buying a cd for one or two songs , but the cd as a whole . i just bought this album the other day . half of the songs had the familiar feel but the rest could go to waste . i am giving it a 2.5 , because half the album is great .
books of political position ought be fact ridden . they should move you to the author 's point of view , if not the author 's conclusions , by marshalling facts first ; then an author can supply analysis constrained by supplied facts . only then should we be given some further speculation , unless moving directly to reasoned conclusions . mr. horowitz does none . instead he starves us for facts . he substitutes instead only editorial cant . i can conclude only that he aspires to persuade no one . the audience is not the inquiring , the undecided or the doubting . for example , he contrasts , on the first page the iraq war as `` so successful in its results . `` , with the vietnam conflict as an unsatisfactory result -- renaming in the process what we thought to be a war . mr. horowitz insists on weapons of mass destruction in iraq . he states explicitly and blanketly that the execution of american power is a bulwark of national security . he insists that american presidents have been either the toys or the allies of terrorists . i kept waiting for evidence of any kind . he even says the twin towers were destroyed in only minutes , yet were more important than pearl harbor . my guess is that ww ii was not so cheap or unworthy . neither were the more than sixty boys from my high school killed in the world trade center ; at least i can reference time magazine as the source . mr horowitz cheapens their deaths by saying it was the work of democrats allied with moslems in their struggle with the neo-conservatives whose birthright is the unfettered use of american soldiers and guards . mr. horowitz has plenty of notes of a sort . many are only self-referential as opposed to supportive from other sources . he quotes the new york review of books , but leaves out words he does not like . oddly he describes 9/11 as putting the bush administration `` on the run '' . he probably meant something else , but is simply incapable of precision and accuracy in general . i can not even recommend the book to those who oppose his purposes because they are so incoherently hysterical
although the book may be poetic and lyrically written , the superfluity of figurative language and abstract narration makes it difficult to extract the true meaning behind its short stories and anecdotes . the lack of definitive characters , names , and personalities make it difficult to tell exactly what is going on and completely renders character development obsolete . the book , although it addresses very real tensions on several factors , fails to drive home the significance of tribulations and common place yet serious issues that the migrant workers deal with because of it 's occult language and stream of conscious stylistic writing . if you can read spanish , the original is far more impactful than the translated version , but still leaves the reader in an unsatisfied state of confusion as to what actually happened . for those of you who do not care for stories without a story , this book is not for you
i was a big fan of the st1 . the plot and characters were excellent , it rated up there with the best of them i would give st1 <NUM> stars . i saw this was on sale for a great price so i got it expecting great things . usually sequels are n't to par with the originals so i at least expeted a 3-star movie . when i flipped on the movie i said `` wow .... right where they left off '' at a pretty good battle seen with the bugs . well , that was it i was waiting for more action . i waited .... i waited ... i waited and i waited ... they made the plot intersting with occasional nudity but it still was n't worth it . i do n't know who 's idea it was for the sequel but i hope this was their last one . i 'll stick with the new battlestar galactic and star trek reruns
samples taken from wtc steel now confirm ( soon to be released by professor steven jones of byu and five other universities ) thermate was used in the wtc towers to take them down . this meshes with the global collapse times of both towers ( and <NUM> wtc ) and the eyewitness reports that day from firefighters , police , tenants and workers who said bombs were in the towers . not only do we have dispicable people in government who , of course , knew this all along , but the u.s. media knew it too . soon both will be out of employment
having read ( and thoroughly enjoyed ) levitt 's freakonomics , i picked up `` hidden order : the economics of everyday life '' looking for more of the same . unfortunately , i was sadly disappointed . i get the impression the author intended to write a freakonomics-type book , but was only able to come up with <NUM> pages of material ( located at the end of the book ) . facing an irate publisher , he then filled in the initial <NUM> pages with his old economics lecture notes . as a result , readers who have taken an elementary economics course will find much of the material repetitive , while those who have not will most likely find the material too confusing to be of any real use . ( despite the glowing accolades on the cover , the author 's explanations are no better than those available in a standard textbook . ) the author also posits end-of-chapter questions for the reader to ruminate upon , but does not provide any answers . aside from formal textbooks where such questions are intended to be assigned to students , such tactics are unconscionable . of course , the author may be priming the pump for sales of a `` hidden order supplement '' . a final negative point is the author 's tone , which is frequently condescending towards the reader ( e.g . telling the reader they would not understand the math behind a given theory , so it will not even be presented ) . while this may be true for a layperson reading the book , being talked down to certainly does nothing to build their confidence or cultivate their interest in the subject matter . overall , if you can borrow a copy from a friend or a library , the last <NUM> pages are worth reading . otherwise , save your time and money . reviewer 's background : b.sc . ( computing science & mathematics ) m.b.a. ( finance & marketing ) ph.d. ( finance )
this guy is a convicted felon and crook . note : all positive reviews only have one review in the history .
the `` filler '' songs on this cd are some of the worst i 've ever heard . the lyrics sound like they were written by sixth-graders and the music has no character . i thought i was getting something similar to the unique , gritty sound of the cranberries , but alas , this is closer to hilary duff . aside from `` rebel heart '' ( which is one of my favorite songs ever ) , i can hardly tell they have any celtic connection at all !
this book pulls together a lot of information , but in my opinion it is written and organized very very poorly . i have over <NUM> yrs of experience in in the healthcare industry and came across this book during a grad level course in cea . long , boring , convoluted sentences fill the pages of this book . it took about <NUM> times more time and effort to get through a page in this book compared to a page in respected journals like jama , nejm , bmj etc . if you have lots of time and are doing research in this field - go for it . alternatively if you want to quickly determine what cea is about , i would recommend reading peter muennig and kamran khan `` designing and conducting cost-effectiveness analyses in medicine and health care ''
this novel in dunning 's series about cliff janeway , bookseller sleuth , reads quite rough . it is an easy read because of the unusually large print for a trade paperback , but the plot is disjointed and leaves huge loose ends ( and no sign of a sequel ) . the central section is largely irrelevant to this story and unrequited ( but contains a commercial warning to be seriously heeded by booklovers ) . the good guys and bad guys are caricatures and too easy to spot ( with one very key exception ) , while cliff now is almost bad with simply too hostile a personality . finally , the ending is more hilariously awkward , quick , and sketchy than it is scary or satisfying . `` in a word , '' this novel is rough , unfinished , hasty , indulgent , a discourtesy by author and editor . dunnings first two janeway mysteries ( booked to die & the bookman 's wake ) were stunningly different , fresh , and invited me into a world of books , while his two o'clock eastern wartime was a fascinating radio/love story . the bookman 's promise was strange and now sign of the book is shockingly disappointing . if i happened to read this one first i doubt i would read anothe
i hear all the time as i read hip hop mags and articles all about how great wild style is the best hip hop movie ever . well i purchased it at the first of the year and guess what it cant't hold beat street and breakin or krush grooves jockstrap . i think the movie rappin or even the not so get lorenzo lamas hip hop movie body rock has moments that's even better than wild style . people who read this will probably say what gives you the right to think you know so much well me being <NUM> years old you can do the math . thats around when the hip hop movement started . so if your a movie collector . go ahead and buy it but if you want a good movie to watch . then purchase somthing else .
kool keith=nasty ass , weird lyrics with a horrible flow , and on this cd they suck even more to craptastic beats ... have fun
this is my 3rd pd james book and i have to say i was quite disappointed . ( the other <NUM> were murder room and a certain justice . ) i found most of the characters to be not terribly believable and one dimensional . even dalgliesh was not well drawn . and to make it worse , the plot was not believable . i agree with someone else who said borrow this from the library , do n't buy it .
page after page and line after line , this book is amazing in its power to frustrate even the most gawky-eyed initiate in the world of espionage-reading ! philby says pretty much nothing that will add to our knowledge of his ways and mechanics of operation . he is a fine writer , without doubt , but good writing befreft of content ? he does not wax expansive on his faith - communism ; he does not explain the hows of his first contact with the kgb ; he does not even offer a strand of information on his life in moscow , his marriage , his routine ... aww , come on ... pick it up and read it one three-hour layover at the airport ... then place it in your library so that you have a book ( for the record ) that was written by the spy who outdid 'em all !
i list hezekiah walker , donnie mcclurckin and micah stampley as gospel vocalist with the most range and you hear how much range he has at the end of lift him up , he is almost singing soprano . this album takes awhile to get used to.there is a mix between live songs and studio songs , different from all of the rest of walkers ' albums.my favorite song is lift him up , and im pretty much satisfied with the album because it lifts me up when i listen to it.i was blessed to see hezekiah walker live and he sung lift him up , ive played in my car ever since and its hard not to shout off of it.i must say i like the live recordings better because i love live instruments .the one thing i must say is that hezekiah walker does not dissapoint and his music is about ministry and not about all the technical stuff that musicians and song writers worry about . hez carries an anointing nobody else carries , he is a pastor first and a singer second , his albums are not about lyrics there about ministry and lifting up jesus.so if you are someone that cares more about lyrics than anointing you might want to try someone else whose anointing is not as powerful as hezekiah walker
yes the game has been missing the constant songs about drugs , girls , cars and jewelery . i tell you juelz really came with an original formula with this album . the stuff he mentions on this one has never been said before and juelz is an innovator as well as the rest of the dipset . lol ! ! ! ! these guys listen to other peoples albums and just reiterate the same stuff in a different song and beat . save your money
i found very little useful information in this book ... not because it is n't there but because the writing style is too `` out there '' . i 'm sorry i bought it
while i have just begun to enjoy this tremendous work that came highly recommended to me , i am already somewhat disappointed in the limited , male-oriented , patriarchal interpretation of some indisputably feminine symbols like the minoan great mother goddess referenced and pictured under the entry , axe on page <NUM> . described as a 'phallic ' representation of her 'parthenogenetic fertility , ' and as a , 'solar emblem of the 'sky gods , ' and later as an , 'emblem of saint john the babtist , ' this is clearly a female iconic goddess figure holding a double-sided labrys ( axe ) in each upraised arm . the labrys is a feminine symbol associated with the female amazons that were priestesses of artemis , the moon goddess . during their time , lunar energies were associated with the goddess , and feminine power , not masculine , phallic , sky-gods .
will someone please produce a dvd/vhs re-make of diva with the excellent sound quality deserving of this film ! ? i was so excited to finally find this movie , but quickly realized after reading reviews from fellow fans , that it would be a disappointment and waste of my money to purchase it . i hope the word gets back to whoever reproduced this movie and they 'll re-issue a quality dvd and/or video soon
sorry , i thought this would be a great updated version of the classic shr music - and i was really disappointed . i do n't really understand the point of this album - why `` remake '' music that was timeless and pretty much perfect in the first place ? i ca n't imagine my own kids actually learning anything from these remakes ( and bottom line , was n't that the point ? ) ... and listening to `` no more kings '' was downright depressing - when shr has always had the exact-opposite effect !
wow . i did n't know music could get this bad . i just did n't . no words can describe how awful this cd is , but criticizing it is too easy . let me list the reasons why you should not buy this travesty of an album ( even the word `` album '' is used loosely - at best , this collection resembles a group of theme songs from various c-grade telenovela series ) : <NUM> . the voice : there is no voice . granted , jlo was never known for her vocal ability , but having taken vocal lessons and practice from husband marc antony , one would think she would sound better , but no . if anything , jennifers ' weak voice is showcased as being even more weak as she literally whines her way through over an hour of the most godawful caterwauling ever heard this side of the nanjing massacre . <NUM> . the music : there is no music . the first single `` que hiciste '' has some spanish sounding instruments thrown in for that `` authentic mexican experience '' ( yeah , right ) , but from then on out , its one disgusting ballad after the other . there is no melody , and at one point , i was wishing that some poor b-side from her `` on the <NUM> '' album would pop up to put me out of my misery . let it be clear - the music on this is non-existent , and im not just saying that for effect . <NUM> . the accent : jlo is not a genuine native spanish speaker , but she has definitely worked on her accent . however , its a bit sad when beyonce 's new spanish version of `` irreplaceable '' sounds more authentic than anything on this godforsaken cd . jennifer sounds very forced and gimmicky here , enunciating her rs and ts with gusto and a very misplaced conviction . the efforts only lead to what one can call an overwhelming sense of underwhelmingness ( the term has come into existence upon the release of this cd ) jennifer , what went wrong ? you had the best producers ( though , when you think of it , marc antony 's only claim to fame in the us is his horrendous `` you sang to me '' ) and enough moolah to pull this off . inexcusable . more than that , it proves that the global spanish revolution that sort of began in the late 90s with the ricky martin craze , is definitely over . jennifer is done with , and when i start respecting her lesser , more vapid counterparts such as thalia , its a sad day indeed . true spanish language albums have class stamped upon them - the only shining example of this is 'fijacion oral vol <NUM> ' by our girl shakira . this album still gives me goosebumps two years past its ' release . 'coma ama una mujer ' is a failed effort for all concerned . and if you respect music and your money , you will definitely need to look elsewhere for fulfilment . vaya con dios , jl
yea i agree , these are the artists that give hiphop a bad name , if you could even call these guys artists . this album is strictly made for clubs , and for bet and mtv watchers and mainstream listeners . this is radio music , and stuff you would hear in the clubs . thats all this music is good for . it has no creativity . the production on this album isnt bad , but lyrics , come on , you cant call these lyrics . i suggest you pass this album up unless your a mainstream listener . no top <NUM> for this album
i 'm a big judy garland fan , but found this cd lacking . her voice did n't have that extra force she always puts into her songs . some of them sounded like a bad imitation or she recorded it in her sleep . it says & quot ; original soundtrack & quot ; . maybe it needs to be re-mastered . it certainly wo n't be my favorite
with the new year just more than six hours away , i must tell you that no matter a full moon , half moon , quarter moon , or no moon at all , please avoid the flick `` darkwolf '' for many moons to come . what a joke . what a silly , stupid , insult to one 's intelligence . the script could have been written by my dog stan ... and even then , i give him the benefit of the doubt to come up with something much more canine . let 's put it this way . have you ever seen a film that contained people that irritated you so much , you simply did n't give a ^ & ^ % * if they got blown away ? i was hoping the entire cast got mulched by mr. wolf less that <NUM> minutes into this loser . go `` darkwolf '' . take a few chucks out of this cast , its director , producer , writer and editors as quickly as possible ... and do n't wait until the next full moon . `` darkwolf '' is an insult to motion pictures . more so , it is an insult to such credible werewolf classics as `` the wolf man '' , `` wolfen '' and `` the howling '' , not to mention the tongue-in-cheek horror classic `` an american werewolf in london '' . need i say more ? `` darkwolf '' has no bite . it 's claws and fangs have been chiselled to oblivion . the box claims this flick to be `` half man . half wolf . pure evil . '' in reality it is half/whole stupid . half/whole worthless . ... and ... pure ^ % & * ! get my drift ? at midnight ... as we turn another page and the new year unfolds ... i promise you you will enjoy reruns of every episode of `` mary hartman , mary hartman '' , much more than `` darkwolf '' . i 'm off to watch yet another new year 's flick before dawn . i need to make amends to lon chaney , jr. before midnight . bottom line , it was a film you did n't really care `` where '' the `` wolf '' came from , or where the werewolf was going . pitiful ... embarrassing ... '' i 've seen the bad moon rising '' but this one makes me wish it would set !
the original film <NUM> mm deals with the theme of why people commit horrendous acts of violence , as it deals with an 8mm film that contains a real murder . these films have been dubbed snuff films . director alejandro amenbar even makes a better story of his terrific thriller called thesis ( <NUM> ) that portrays a female college student studying violence in media who also comes across a snuff film . thus , when a title comes out with the name 8mm <NUM> , the audience will make the logical deduction that it will also deal with a theme of why people commit vile murderous acts on film . in addition , to set the film in east europe enhances this notion of brutal violence , as many films and news updates contain dreadful crimes in eastern europe that have links with organized crime . thus , the implications of another tense and suspenseful cinematic event is set to bring viewers down the horror lane . however , it would be complete miscalculation by the audience to make the inference that the sequel would follow the same theme . here in 8mm <NUM> , which does not even have any of the same actors , director , or theme , merely applies the title of a successful film in order to attract viewers . the film tries to evoke a similar atmosphere of depravity and immorality among the upper class , as joel schumacher 's 8mm . it succeeds to some extent , but does not have the same grim and dark touch . 8mm <NUM> opens with a shot of a courtroom where a number of people are talking while the sound of a passionately active couple sexually pleasure one another . here the story advertises the film 's path , as david ( johnathon schaech ) tells his fianc , tish ( lori heuring ) , about a sexual fantasy of his . they are on their way to a weekend vacation at a luxurious hotel where they intend to bathe each other in sinful lust , which enhances when tish invites a woman to join them after a nightclub visit . together they end up in a mnage  trios that they never are going to forget . after the return from their wicked vacation , there are obviously some tense emotions underneath the surface . it bears the same sentiments that threesome ( <NUM> ) portrayed through three sexually experimenting college students . however , the emotional turmoil quickly evaporates when david receives an envelop with pictures of tish , david , and the girl that they met in the club . due to tish 's father 's political position as an ambassador in hungary and a potential candidate for the supreme court nominee and david 's future in politics they can not approach law enforcement . it leaves them dealing with the criminals themselves , which brings them on a journey into the budapest red light district and the world of pornography . the film provides a futile attempt to make it a political thriller , but this too fails . instead , it provides an erotic thriller with non-existent suspense , but much erotica . in some aspects , the film will remind the audience about wild things ( <NUM> ) , but there is far more sexuality present in 8mm <NUM> . the film tries to hide a poor story underneath the world of sex while dealing with a rather amusingly silly extortion affair . in addition , tish and david also seem completely oblivious in regards to the threats that the underworld could pose on them if the criminal elements so desired . the many awkward moments within the film outweigh everything else , and leave the viewers with a hollow and empty cinematic experience . 8mm <NUM> was a rather disappointing film , as it had nothing to do with the original film with nicolas cage , and the story was a clichd combination between wild things and an adult film . the question is whether the audience is better of with the latter , as the story does not capture the audience 's attention in regards to suspense , or drama
the first few reviews are too harsh , i was given this as a gift so i am not as pissed off at the money . i give it two stars could have been three but for the fact that the hero 's are way too perfect and they are dull- but it was not a book i expected much from anyway . the plot also gets way to over the top . i mean is there any plane or helicopter they can not learn to fly in a weekend ? hero 's invited to the summit by the president ! they escape four attempts to kill them before they even get to china ! also hero knew the guy was chinese just by looking at him for a less than a minute , how many white folks can tell difference among non whites ? why are all the chinese americans bad guys as well ? the novel is way to heavy with anit chinese comments , has lot of what are just rants . see the other points in the publisher weekly review , but after considering them you may want to read the book , if you want to consider what we do if we and china butt heads , but have low expectation and know that in this world the good guys always win . do not expect much and look for used copy , i paln to look to see if any of his other books get any better reviews before i cut him off .
alright . so i had intended to see this movie upon its release way back and just really never got to it . a week or so ago it was playing on oprah 's oxygen network and i was very happy that i would finally be able to see it . overall , it was alright . so then it was on again the next day and i could n't stomach watching it again . it may be called brown sugar , but the plot moves slower than molasses . it is way too predictable and sweet , with very little substance . it was n't even all too interseting the first time around and i could n't stand seeing it a second time . there 's a reason why these movies are on tv , people . no need to purchase the dvd . as soon as i saw it once , i had gotten my dose and wanted no more
this movie is just plain bad . it never should have been released for public consumption . i honestly can not think of one good thing to say about this movie . it makes no sense that it would have <NUM> 1/2 stars with <NUM> reviews . something fishy is going on here . enough time wasted on this one
this series which presumptuously celebrates and brags about the sodomite lifestyle , feminism and the destruction of the nuclear , traditional family is one of the worst , most inexcusably heinous shows currently disgracing the tv landscape -- although that is n't saying much since the ruinous , liberal ideology has for the longest time monopolized pop culture . this desperate housewives series is rebukable on several , equally critical fronts . the first and most infamous is by far its moral vileness ; the second is its horrid status as a mouthpiece for incriminatingly liberal `` values '' ; the third is its low class cast of monotonous , expressionless actors ; and the fourth is its either appallingly repetitive plot twists or its idiotically ludicrous tangents it goes off on when it needs to `` freshen '' its stale storyline . at the first season 's start , the viewer is mistreated to the basic concept : mary alice commits suicide , and this sets off the looming , boring storyline about the other four , remaining housewives `` intellectually '' attempting to solve her death for the rest of the season . at this point , the traditional and moderate american has already been subordinated to the liberal culture war where a family is left motherless with the death of mary alice . liberals love to assault the traditional family with all their sick , `` alternative '' debaucheries , and the show endorses this through the removal of mary alice ( mother ) from her family , where we only have a dad/son left . later on , the assault on the traditional family is worsened when the noble concept of adoption is attacked as the real mother of mary alice 's son is revealed to have been killed by her adoptive parents , mary alice and paul young . this show is nothing but a disguise of an assault on the traditional family . other families include the divorcee ( teri hatcher ) whose husband is blamed for the infidelity that ruined their marriage ; flagrantly , feminism is viciously alive on this show as hatred is directed to men . another is the van de kamp family which egregiously loathes itself since the parents are trapped in an apparently loveless marriage , while one kid is a flaming , budding sodomite and the other is an uncontrollable villain . the next family involves the felicity huffman character whose troubles raising her purportedly add/hyperactive children derogates the concept of raising kids . the dislike towards the male gender is furthered as her husband comes home to be a demeaning , stay-at-home dad since his wife gets the bigger paycheck -- an abnormality which rarely if ever happens in real life ! ! ! ! the last family is the most accursed as this depraved show celebrates pedophilia , through the eva longoria character preying on the high-school kid ( john ) , and also infidelity while she rapes him . by the rock-solid and sentencing examples above , it 's clear that the incorrigible theme of desperate housewives is the single-minded and malevolent attack and belittlement of the traditional family . this can not be defied ; only if you 're a moral relativist who practices pc can you excuse this mischievous show as something that merely serves as entertainment . the culprit for the mercilessly dissolute topics of unwholesomeness is the creator of the show , one marc cherry . cherry is a shamelessly , openly gay sodomite , and his `` alternative '' ( read : irreligious ) lifestyle choices are egregiously what influence him to slant the show in such morally bankrupt misdirection . using basic common sense , we see cherry 's sodomite lifestyle influencing all the show 's plot twists , as cherry likely harbors much , personal resentment towards the traditional family , which likely but rightly shunned his choice of an unorthodox , sodomite lifestyle . when cherry manufactures these scripts about bree van de kamp 's son being a closet homosexual who rebels , this blatantly is about cherry 's own , frustrated childhood . when cherry writes about all the marriages breaking up , this is merely his thinly veiled bitterness at marriage being protected from sodomite unions recognized legally . to boot , this show 's acting by the four , enormously over-the-hill and washed-up fortysomethings is just unpardonable . hatcher acts like the ditzy buffoon ; longoria is the slutty tramp ; cross is the pasty-skinned robot with no emotion ; sheridan desperately shows off her forty-plus body ; and huffman acts like the frumpy housewife . their `` performances '' ( read : monotonous impersonations of people ) are repetitive and abnormally rehearsed . in conclusion , desperate housewives is one of the worst , most irreparable shows to come out of un-american and liberal hollywood in years . it -- under the moral relativist-guise of entertainment -- unaccountably celebrates profanity and misconduct to the extreme , and it attacks one of judeo-christian america 's most revered institutions : the traditional family . the show is a ghastly train wreck which relies dependently on one crazy plot twist after another to keep the viewer lured because it can not do so based on storyline , character development and interest alone . one severely suspects that it was created merely to scornfully give some bored , lonely housewives hypothetical situations which they will never find themselves in to alleviate their stay-at-home monotony .
as along time fan of paddy chayefsky , i found `` altered states '' , his first novel , terribly disappointing . the film was , in my view , utterly dismal . the only reason i would recommend it , would be as an example of `` hack movie making '' . if it were the only criteria to judge the talent of either chayefsky or russell , both would be relegated to obscurity
i was expecting something closer to a good voice , or at least someone attempting the lyric genius of ani difranco . both tracy bonham 's screetchy and frequently flat delivery and her inarticulate message were off-putting . for some great women rockers who manage to preserve musical beauty along with their political and personal messages , check out any of the following : tracy chapman , ani difranco ( even in her most angry politically-charged work she maintains lyrical beauty and ocassionally musical loveliness ) , the indigo girls , sarah mclaughlan , bonnie raitt ( especially her early blues-revival period ) , paula cole
this is an album just full of bubble-gum pop songs . if you actually hear music , do n't buy this . and her little shrill in go on and cry is horrible . better luck next time . if there is a next time
mark steyn in broadway babies say goodnight ( musicals then and now ) has accomplished an unique objective . he has written a book that is meant to appeal to people whose veiws are strictly politically conservative , love musicals ( particulary fond memories of older musicals that they are in fact too young to have even seen ) and do not know any actual facts about the history of the genre so the author 's glaring mistakes will not prove an annoyance . even stranger is that he has found these people and , god bless them , they have the book they have always dreamed about . for anyone else , this can be a bit of a slog . it is funny ( espcially if you like puns ) in places but the arguments are so often backed up with mistakes as to be worthless . this book is not truly bad . it is just simply odd . if you like mark steyn ( this book is more about him anyway ) then enjoy . othewise , it is worth a pass
`` i ca n't review my purchase because i have n't had receiver it yet ! i 've veen trying to communicate with you by visiting your page on internet , but i could n't reach a way . i was n't abble to track my order 's shipment . i need your help ! ! i 've checked my address and it 's ok . i do n't know where my package is ! ! how can i obtain information about it ? ? ? ''
i wish that the sound on the cd was anywhere close to `` flowers of evil '' , if it had been i would have given it <NUM> stars . the music is really great live mountain - maybe the best i 've heard , but the sound is terrible
the cover is too floppy and the pages too thin . this makes it difficult to flip between pages . also , in the middle of the book , the pages were cut incorrectly ( they are folded over ) . i would not buy this again and as a matter of fact , will need to buy another version to replace this
... but is is not the truth . since the wall fell , we have learned that old joe was right . hey , i bet in a few years clooney will make a film about how honest and truthful bill clinton was
this book is neither about aristotle nor general motors . do not be fooled into believing it is in any way an application of aristotelian ethics in modern business ; it is not . morris consistently contradicts aristotle throughout the book . an example is morris ' proselytizing conclusion that leadership requires humility . to make his point morris quotes ancient hasidic verse and the tao te ching to establish that we are all worms . nobility , morris suggests , is lowness . did aristotle ever say this ? no . could aristotelian writing lead us to these conclusions ? no again . is taoism consistent with aristotelian reason and logic ? no , no , no . is hasidic verse ? definitely not . so what is going on ? did morris forget to read aristotle ? aristotle understood man as a rational being with happiness as the moral purpose of his life . morris does not . this book does not . morris peppers his book with quotes at the furious rate of no less than one or two per page . he quotes every thing from fortune cookies to einstein . ironically with all this mad quoting he never once , ever , ( i checked ) quotes aristotle - never . this book could better be titled , `` if an irrational populist ran a non-profit organization . '' the prefaces of basic economic texts usually contain better discussions of the practical intersection of business and philosophy .
the reason i can never fully like this album is because of what it created in it 's wake , the `` float on '' kids . i 've been listening to modest mouse since when they began and i am disappointed going to a show and having a thousand kids scream at the top of their lungs for that song . if you listen to any of their other stuff , you will realize that it sounds nothing like original modest and they have made their first `` mass produced '' superhit . the album has it 's moments with `` blame it on the tetons '' and `` the world at large '' but `` dance hall '' and `` satin in a coffin '' bring it down . if you enjoyed listening to modest mouse before this cd came out , do n't buy it . you will be disappointed
does anyone know if there is a real pg-13 version of this film ? i 've been told it came out as a pg-13 and then was changed to an r film . pretty strange way to deal with a science fiction film that kids would want to see ..
the index in the back of this book is incorrect . the author and publisher are aware of this ... i contacted each and they confirmed this . thus this book is worthless for anyone who wants to look things up .... it should be taken off the market and corrected
the soundtrack was a total disappointment since i purchhased it entirely for the last track featuring some awesome guitar . i will be returning it tomorrow
considering the fact that the university of california - berkeley boasts the largest repetoire { sp ? } of school songs of any university in the country makes the fact that this compilation has not included any of them problematic at the very least . big c ( or sons of westwood to you theiving baby bears out there ) - fight for california - sons of california - stanford jonah - golden bear - make way for the bear - roll on - cal band march - california triumph - palms of victory - california indian song - california marching song - one more river - all hail - hail to california - california , we 're for you -- take your pick - they are all fantastic - and i think i forgot a few ... to leave out cal is either shoddy work or bad temperment . go bears - beat the cougars
and that is boring and snobish ! i watched the first two hours of this and coud n't keep awake . the narritor 's voice was monotone . i wanted to shout at his pompous , snobish demeanor shut up ! ! in my opinion is not the proper way to educate is to entertain at all god 's peoples . with the narritor , granted he is educated but does he have to shove his creditals and his attitude from the gecko . when you take people on a educating journey ( such as nine hours long ) invite them like you would invite into a warm a loving welcoming home . i felt with his demeanor and atitude felt beat up and like i was crawling on my hands and knees through out the first two hours . i am not watching the rest of the seven hours and returning this dvd set back to the library and saying `` check please '' .
this is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen . i knew from the very beginning of the movie that there was no way i was going to be able to stay awake through the whole thing . i was right ; i fell asleep about fifteen minutes into it . recently , i was offered the chance to watch it again . i thought , `` ok , i did n't see the whole thing , it might have gotten better , so i 'll give it another chance . '' ... bad mistake . this little tale about a horse race across a vast desert did nothing to hold my interest for very long . hidalgo is the name of the horse . so what ? that 's about as boring as this movie . so why the 1-star markup ? cause the main character is played by viggo mortensen , of aragorn fame in the smash movie series the lord of the rings- and i do like viggo . i did not , however , like this movie . it 's kind of fitting it should be set in a desert- cause that 's exactly where this movie should be buried , never to bore another wave of audiences again . if you find yourself overworked and in need of a nice long nap , watch hidalgo ; you 'll be out in no time
if you 're easily amused by anything that hyperactively draws attention to its & quot ; cool & quot ; sensibility , this book is for you . stacey richter obviously went to one too many writer 's workshops where they pat each other on the back for their inside-ness and forget what real literature can be . none of her characters reveal any depth or texture . what little thematic substance the stories have is as fuzzy as a fly-away wisp of pink cotton candy . instead , what you get is exaggerated , absurd sequences rooted in cultural fetishes and fantasies of abnormality or violence . richter lacks the discipline or patience to build a real-life scenario ; she wants to take shortcuts by way of cultural references , precious oddity , and patronizing first-person narration . incidents tumble forward like an upturned toychest of kitschy knick-knacks collected and lovingly polished , then laid out on a tacky folding table for you to fawn over and call art . the word that best describes the whole thing is & quot ; shallow. & quot ; it 's as if richter were writing moment-to-moment , giggling over her cleverness , probably sipping an orbitz because it 's & quot ; so stupid , it 's sublime. & quot ; after smart people start seeing through this one-trick literary con job ( i 'm looking down at my watch ) , perhaps richter can get lucky and land a gig writing pop-up windows for blind date
this cd deserves 1/2 a star because i did enjoy whipping it out the window of my car into a nearby bicyclist .... it was pretty funny . otherwise this record was worthless
alright , i will state that i was curious about this band about four years ago . i thought to myself : `` good charlotte ca n't be that bad if they have so many 'hardcore ' fans that go everywhere , buy everything and speak anything that is to do with good charlotte . '' man , was i wrong . good charlotte sucks . they 're basically a boy band that wears black clothes and wears eyeliner . their music sounds like sped up emo music . you could describe their music as `` emo with estrogen '' . mtv markets them to the teenybopper crowd . how so many young , impressionable kids can get suckered hook , line , and sinker into any of the garbage that this pathetic excuse of a band dumps onto them is beyond me . they definitely appeal to <NUM> year old kids , who have such a horrible life because they ca n't go to the mall and buy new clothes or get a new video game . they are a whiny band that love to sing about how `` horrible '' and `` tragic '' their life is , meanwhile they are sitting in cash in their mansions . no one cares except for their legions of self-pitying fans who feel they can truly connect with gc 's `` deep '' and `` inspiring '' so-called `` music '' . they even have whiny ballads that sound like the rest of the `` pop-punk '' and `` emo '' genres at the moment . yeah , gc is fuelled by teen angst and armed with extremely bad talent . i 'm sorry kiddies but good charlotte is nothing more than pop . i 'm <NUM> & i 'm already getting tired of the new music because it is getting horrible & more horrible . it 's a manufactured popularity contest now . with their mediocre cliched song lyrics , good charlotte are <NUM> % worshipped by their demographic , pre-teen and teenage preppy girls ( and flamer guys . ) this group of pop icons do nothing more than create crappy music ( which is charged to audiences at well over $ <NUM> per ticket ) and find themselves on mtv acting like jackasses every chance they aquire for the pleasure of their braindead viewers . their fanbase consists of <NUM> year olds that think they know all about music , therefore claim that they have the right to say that `` gc '' are musical gods or are the `` best punk rawk band eva ! <NUM> ! <NUM> ! `` , while talented bands like the beatles and pink floyd to them are `` old '' and `` horrible '' . these <NUM> year olds can usually be found online , usually on message boards , with usernames like `` xxgcisdabestpunkbandevarxx '' and `` tru3_punk_rawk3r '' . conversations between members of their fan base may be similar to this : poser : i love good charlotte they 're so punk they 're so much cooler than all those other pop bands . kid # <NUM> : where did you hear them first ? poser : trl , oh , and in hot topic . poser : hey , wan na , like , go to a good charlotte concert next month ? poser <NUM> : yeah ! and we can wear our studded bracelets and red and black pants that we bought at hot topic ! teenybopper talking to herself : `` oh my gaaaawd . i hate my liiiife . i can relate to these guys sooooo much because nobody listens to me and everyone hates meee '' ugh . in the end , i recommend the following punk rock albums to those who have been victimized by good charlotte : raw power - iggy and the stooges ramones - the ramones london calling - the clas
as a made for tv movie that comes on in the middle of the day on a saturday afternoon that you watch because you do n't feel like changing the channel , it was okay . as the sequel to gwtw or the screen adaptation of the book i enjoyed reading so much , it was appallingly awful . the acting was weak , and the woman that played scarlett was mildly attractive at best . it was a complete waist of time and money
i purchased this product to benefit from dvd technology . the reviews on the website led me to believe that this product was somehow updated , or upgraded for use with dvd technology . last winter , i ordered the video , which is is like a pirated version , with very low resolution . if i could , i would return the two dvds i purchased . i feel ripped off and stuck with an inferior product . i love callanetics content . amazon should be urging this company to provide new material . it 's no help to see a sticker on the dvd i purchased announcing new products in dec. <NUM> , which is when i purchased two inferior callanetics dvds
great voice , totally uninteresting music . for me , not accessible . not lyrical enough . almost funereal . my musical 'horizons ' apparently are not broad enough for this one
i have read everyone of ludlum 's books and it is a disgrace that this book has his name attached to it . i struggled through the first hundred pages waiting for something well written and interesting . it never happened . i do n't quit many books before they are finished , but i just could n't stand this any more .
i 'll be right up front and admit that i do not own this dvd . i hesitated writing a review for it because of that fact . but then i realized that if you 're reviewing a dvd , <NUM> % of the review must be based on the movie itself , and having saw the movie when it was released , and having seen it again on the various cable channels , i felt i could write a respectable reveiw . frankly , the movie barely approaches a `` b-movie '' status . it 's only claim to fame is that it was the first major hollywood motion picture that did not portray homosexuals in a bad light . the plot is rather unbelievable , naming the fact that all three main characters are leaders in their field .... successful author , high-ranking network producer , top-rate doctor . nobody has a profession , or is in a position , with which the audience can relate . the dialog is forced and , at times , rather cliche . acting is acceptable , though supporting cast members are rather amateurish . direction is functional , at best . one glaring problem is the tendency for the movie to suddenly switch from drama to documentary . after or before key scenes , the camera cuts to a monologue from one of the main characters . the effect is startling , does n't advance the story , and only serves to distract the viewers and lessen the already-weak emotional impact of the film . to its credit , the actors did whole-heartedly portray gay characters and gay love scenes . at the time , gay characters were never portrayed in a positive light from the media , and it was a great risk to do so here . there were no previous movie experiences of this topic that the director and actors were able to draw on , and they did the best they could . it was a very ambitious project and was supposed to be ground-breaking and revolutionary , but the weaknesses in the film never raised it high enough to truly make much of a difference in society . this is absolutely proven by the fact that brokeback mountain , released about two decades later , had to work very hard to break the same stereotypes that making love previously attempted to break . the difference is that brokeback mountain was a true work of art impeccable in its execution and actually broke ground and stereotypes , and making love all but disappeared in the annals of time . if you 're a collector of good film , this really would n't be part of your collection . to add into a collection of films showing early portrayals of homosexuals and homosexual relationships , it would be very appropriate . sadly , it really is good for only that one reason , as part of a collection of gay films throughout the years
i really did n't enjoy this tpb that much , and it definitely enforced why i 'm not that fond of morrison 's writing on any x title from marvel . he brings the angst to the characters , and he writes them intelligently enough , but he also makes me dislike all of them . even normally upright characters like jean grey and cyclops were so twisted i forgot they were heroes in this . yuck . my main complaint is that i was hoping for a cleaner back history of wolverine 's weapon h/weapons plus origin , and i really did n't get that from this at all . instead , wolverine 's mission with cyclops is tacked on as an untidy footnote to three ( or four , i lost count ) issues focusing on the love triangle of emma frost , jean grey , and scott summers . i thought the title of the tpb was misleading because of that . the opening issue continues jean 's discovery of scott 's psychic infidelity with emma . jean barges into his thoughts and finds emma dressed up in her old phoenix costume , which was kind of tacky and bizarre , anyway , when you consider that emma 's old organization , the hellfire club , was responsible for jean turning into dark phoenix and subsequently destroying herself . my first thought was , why would that be a turn-on ? very twisted scene . so , jean strikes out at emma , invading her mind and plowing through her most private memories as she searches for the first moment when they started their affair . emma stays in character , not feeling as though she had done anything wrong by offering scott salvation from his unhappy marriage , and calling jean `` a playground bully '' hiding behind her righteous posturing . pot calling the kettle ... that issue itself offered sympathy for emma from unexpected sources , namely hank and logan , both of whom i automatically expected to side with jean . in the meantime , all any of them did was blame jean for the dissolution of her marriage by `` not taking care of it sooner . '' that alone made me not like this story . this arc was kind of odd going in because it was sandwiched between arcs of the other x titles without reflecting anything that was happening in the others . bishp and sage were both fresh from x-treme x-men , namely `` schism , '' after solving the jeffery garrett murders in alaska . the second issue to this story arc features a murder mystery , since emma is shot and shattered while in her diamond form . i 've heard readers comparing it to clue , but i do n't give it that much credit , i thought the plotting was weak . i noticed that sage and bishop never once implicated storm , who not only hates emma , but who openly threatened her with hurling a spear at her carried by tornado-strength winds to see if she would shatter . hello ? missed the boat there , grant . i 'm guessing storm 's name never came up simply because this was n't her book . oh well . the motive for emma 's murder was kind of silly ; two minor characters have a secret to hide in the farmhouse on the xavier property , and emma 's prize pupils , the stepford cuckoos , know what 's going on but wo n't spill their guts . the weapons plus arc started with what was actually a satisfying confrontation between logan and scott at the hellfire club . the artwork was weird , though . i like bachalo 's work on uncanny and new x-men academy , but he makes it darker , and the inks are heavy-handed . bachalo draws the ugliest cyclops i 've ever seen , and his wolverine looks like a gopher . in this scene , cyclops tells wolverine that he refuses to come back to the x-men , but logan instead recruits him for a big mission with fantomex , an upgraded weapons plus graduate who clarifies that logan was really weapon ten , not weapon x as previously assumed . this was the most poorly written issue of this collection , and it jumped around too much for me to tell where the action was taking place . somehow logan and scott ended up on an asteroid , presumably with help from e.v.a , fantomex 's ship . somehow they managed to escape , leaving logan behind to blow up the asteroid and destroy weapon fifteen . morrison and bachalo did n't even bother to pitch a knock-down , dragout battle between logan and fifteen that could have been the highlight of the story . it was a waste . the jump from jimenez 's clean penciling to bachalo 's more cartoony style is very stark and does not work . i longed for frank quitely 's pages instead , feeling he would have done a better job of conveying the images . as a lead-in to the much more important `` planet x '' arc ( still not one of my favorites , but better than this drivel ) , this book was very weak . overall , i 'm sorry i spent the money on this story , and i will avoid morrison 's back issues going forward
i loved the first carole matthews novel i read , `` for better or worse '' , and picked this up in an airport hoping to be entertained once again . it kept me entertained while on a three and a half hour flight , but only because i didnt ' have anything else to do . i am the type of person who has to finish a book once they start but it was really hard for me to even pick this one up again after getting off the plane . i totally disagree with the premise behind the whole thing and found it completely pointless . there were no redeeming qualities and few parts in the book even worth mentioning . to me , matthews expects you to feel sorry for a woman whose married lover decided he needed to be with his wife and kids instead of leaving them for her . i think this is a horrible/unrealistic messgage . if you want to read something good , pick up a jane green novel instead .
i 've read the other reviews and i do n't know what version they got but the dvd i received has more than a brief scene of david with his wife ( breasts clearly exposed ) in bed . that scene alone would not be allowed in a pg-13 movie . there is another scene where david is viewing bathsheba bathing . she is standing , completely nude and you can see everything . then the camera pans in close for a `` waist up '' scene and bathsheba and her female helper are washing her breasts and body . this is diffinetly an r-rated scene . this movie is not biblically accurate as others have claimed . people need to read their bibles before making such a claim . there are many scenes that are accurate , but there are many that are not . one example is that in the movie bathsheba would n't sleep with david while her husband was alive . not true in scipture . in the bible , david saw her , had her called to the palace and slept with her . then david sent a letter to have uriah killed . would of been a decent movie without the smut
peter robinson has turned into a first-rate mystery writer . but he certainly was n't when he wrote this in <NUM> . no amount of gorgeous yorkshire scenery can make up for an uninteresting cast of one-dimensional characters and an abrupt . out-of-left-field ending . skip this atypical entry and read his later inspector banks books -- they 're first rate and well deserving of all the acclaim and slew of awards he 's won . this is n't
this book is not even up to the level of smear . it is a shame that people could write such trash and make money off of smearing a good and honest man . please do not wast your money and reward these political hacks
jerry , si estas leyendo esto : creo que todos estamos de acuerdo en decir que eres un cantante excepcional . te queremos mucho ! ! ! pero queremos que vuelvas a cantar salsa , como la del tiempo de `` cuenta conmigo '' , `` cara de nino '' , y `` magia '' ... no te dejes influenciar por la musica que esta de moda hoy , el reggaeton no te va ! ! ! no me malinterpretes : hasta tu disco `` vuela muy alto '' me encanto , pero creo que ahora es tiempo de volver a la musica que mejor te queda . seguire escuchando tus discos de salsa anteriores hasta que vuelvas a sacar uno nuevo . vamos , por favor , te lo rogamos ! ! ! te quiere tu fan dj lola , desde montreal , canada
`` get used to it '' and `` we wo n't stop '' are tbnh releases that share the same category : boring music . where 's the energy ? where 's the passion and love ? where 's the catchy music ? how i miss tbnh from shelter and brother & sister ! !
i realize that patterson is known for his exciting , page-turning reads . i realize that he is famous for the relentless pace of his novels . and , most importantly , i realize that he is famous for stunning twists at the endings of lots of his books . keeping all that in mind , i have to say that i was shocked and hurt by the , well , absolutely horrifying surprise ending to this book . to say it came at me out of left field would be a massive understatement . it 's more like i was standing at home plate in dodger stadium and was hit by a ball thrown from left field in yankee stadium . truthfully , i never saw it coming . and i was horrified by it . i finished the last pages with my mouth hanging open . and i feel betrayed as well . i realize that twist endings happen often , especially when it comes to patterson , but i did not like this one . i felt hurt by it . putting that aside , it was a good read overall , which is why i give it <NUM> stars instead of one
in `` iron john , '' robert bly announces that american men are all unhappy because the pressures of civilization have caused them to lose touch with their innate maleness . he illustrates his point with one of the brothers grimm 's more obscure ( and frankly less interesting ) stories , interpreting it as an allegory that just happens to prove his point . he also draws heavily on freudian and jungian theories . he proves his point in the same way freud and jung proved theirs ' i.e . by saying `` this is what i see , i am the expert , so that makes it true , occham 's razor be darned . '' bly offers no objective evidence to support his positions , nor does he allow room for the possibility of other interpretations or , heaven forbid , that his observations might be wrong . for example , bly asserts that men become unhappy around the age of <NUM> ( conveniently neglecting to site research supporting this assertion , despite his objective tone ) . bly explains that this is because at that age men begin to realize that their childhood dreams will not come true . he does not consider that by age <NUM> , most men have realized that they do n't really want to be firemen . could this alleged unhappiness possibly be due to media influences that require unhappy customers to sell products to ( such as self-help books ) ? naw , it 's got ta be that `` dreams '' thing . bly also describes a case where students during the viet nam war broke into their college presidents ' office to look for proof that the college was collaborating with the cia . bly states that this happened because of the mistrust in male authority figures , because their fathers left home to work , preventing their sons from seeing how men work . bly does not consider the possibility that the students may have been righteously angry about the war and confused by their anger . no , there had to be a `` real '' reason for the break-in , and are n't we lucky to have robert bly to tell us what it is ? along the way , bly overloads his writing with literary references , all carefully interpreted to suit his purposes . it 's all very pretentious , er uh , interesting , but so what ? i could interpret the same passages to mean something else . if i lived at the time the passages were written , my interpretation would most likely be very different , despite bly 's insistence that his ideas are timeless and universal . bly ' obsession with literary images does more than bog his writing down , however . it underscores what is wrong with his whole premise . he tries to build up the notion of the tragedy of lost male identity as objective fact , but uses only subjective views ( many not his own and possibly taken wildly out of context ) to support the idea . sorry bob , you ca n't have it both ways . one gets the impression that `` iron john '' was cynically written to fill a niche . like all self-help books , `` iron john '' targets a specific audience , tells them they are not happy , and insists that only by following his directions can they truly be happy . bly 's target audience is white men who went to college and felt left out of the various political movements . if you do not need a political movement to define who you are , then `` iron john '' is not for you
it 's taken me a while to get through this book partly because i 'm not very excited about the plot and partly because the author 's self-conscious writing style really annoys me . there are lovely phrases here and there , but there are plenty of others that read like something you 'd find in a greeting card -- they try hard to impress and fail . the author makes deliberate , almost constant use of foreshadowing , perhaps in an attempt to get the reader to stick with the book and not lay it down for good . i 'm contemplating the latter
there are two types of writers ... one writes to inform the reader , the other writes to try to impress other writers . mr. reese tried the latter , but did n't acomplish either . reading this book is like trying to understand a sloppy drunk stranger explaining why his wife left him .... it does n't make sense and it 's b-o-r-i-n-g . it 's ironic that a frenchman with a german mother , who also spent wwii in the german army on the eastern front and who never claimed to be a writer ( guy sajer ) , wrote the book that is everything that reese 's book wanted to be , and is n't . if you are looking for the ultimate `` ca n't put it down '' memoir of a soldier that brings home the horrors of war along with humanity at it 's best and worst , get `` forgotten soldier '' by guy sager . like coke , it 's the real thing
this was given to me by a religious friend who thought i might be able to find some value in christianity in borg 's `` new paradigm . '' what borg 's book amounts to is that borg admits that christianity is not historically or factually true , but he thinks the `` truthiness '' of christianity ( to borrow stephen colbert 's term ) is good enough . by treating christianity and concepts like being `` born again '' as metaphors , he tries to escape the problem of having to defend the actual truth of christianity . as a christian apologist , he gives away the store , but then claims it 's worthwhile to come into the empty store because it will give you a warm feeling . for christians who do n't really believe in christianity , but want to rationalize why they attend church , this might be what they need to hear . but i do n't think many people who do n't see the point of christianity to begin with will be convinced . for me , you should either be rational in deciding what you believe or admit that you 're being irrational in your religious beliefs and are just going by your gut anyway . this kind of half-way house between the two just does n't do anything for me
tried very hard to get through this book , but in the end gave up . do n't need a paragraph to describe a blade of grass . put me to sleep
i would like to give this version <NUM> stars , i love the movie , but this is the dimension release which only offers an english language dub . if that 's ok by you , then this is the cheaper version , but if you are a purist like me , you 'll want the cantonese/mandarin version with english subtitles
as a huge fan of the author and the original release of this brilliant short story collection , i am extremely disappointed in the new release . hunt down the original . the new version omits all of zelazny 's forewords and , more damning , it actually omits some of the better stories found in the original collection . silverburg mentions & quot ; horsemen ! & quot ; in the introduction , then the story is strangely absent . this is a travesty
i have never enjoyed reading the novels of one historical romance author so much . but this was a dissapointment ms. small ! altough she always has bored me a trifle with her details , the plots are usually well thought out and intriguing . but in this novel , after finding the love of her life , patrick has dementia and they cancel their wedding plans . after two years she lets logan who pursues her constantly throughout the novel take her body and her hand in matrimony after she refuses him so long ! when it says : `` rosamund sat up . what was she doing ? she jumped from her bed , lokking to gather up her other garments . `` you shall not have me you monster ! '' i thought she was coming to her senses and would finally wait on her true love to regain his memory , but alas twas not to be . she should not have married again . it was tantamount to a betrayal ! i am so mad atms . small for ending this book this way ! i give the book two stars for the romance of a lifetime she allowed us to see between rosamund and patrick
well , i read a few reviews , listened to the samples here on amazon , and bought the cd . my god ! awful isnt word enough to describe this . ok , the songs alone are ok , but when you listen to the whole cd , is when you realize that those guys doesnt know many chords , and that all the songs sound the same ( a few variations ) , and that the vocals are all the same , well , you have a patetic album . very weak , very boring , nothing new . they could do better , the lyrics are ok , but they need help , like , music lessons , even better , composition lessons . is really bad when all the songs in your album are identical . my fellow metalheads , rockers , whatever name you want , do not buy this , get a friend to loan it to you , then if you still want it , well , is your $ $ . but if you want real music , get death , or rush , hey , even green day is better option . in the end , high on fire should be left for begginers in the metal world of music .
for good or bad there are certain things one comes to expect when watching animes especially after watching them for many years . surely the avid anime enthusiast would like to see more and more serious anime films , but at the same time they 'd like an anime feel to their films ... what 's most important though is whether or not the film is intriguing , creative , and powerful . this film fails short of all of those things and instead pretends to be something it is n't . this did n't have an anime feel ... which was n't really a problem for me - i 've seen a number of anime movies which were serious , but this movie was - in my opinion - about as horrible as they come . trying to show itself off as a feel good anime film about christmas ( how many damn christmas-happy movies do we have out there ? ) , this anime follows the same premise as thousands of films before it and fails in the face of them . `` a christmas story '' and all of those films far surpass both the quality and thematic/story-delivery found within tokyo godfathers . are we supposed to like it because these themes are found within a japanese animation ? i doubt anyone could really say that the visuals were great ( they were not , but that 's beside the point since visuals are n't all that matters ) , i doubt anyone can even say this film was really all that original ( the only thing semi-original about it is the cast of `` odd fellow '' characters like the street bum with the heart of gold who wants nothing more than to have a child of her own ... except she is a transvestite , really a man ) . i feel really bad about posting this review considering so many people enjoyed it , but i can only guess that they have n't watched very many christmas movies in the past or that they have little to no capacity for judging films accurately . the director however is one of my favorite - i deeply enjoyed perfect blue and millennium actress is perhaps my favorite anime movie ever made - after watching this movie though i 'm kind of disappointed that fans of decided to `` cling '' onto this movie and call it a classic when in reality it mimics half a dozen non-animated titles and brings nothing new or intriguing to the table . furuya was successful in taking a bland film , creating such a big hype over it by attaching his renowned name to it and putting a child in it and some heart breaking tales already told time and again . the audience bought it up ... too bad . you do n't need to feel ashamed to say it really is n't as special as it tries to present itself as . oh well , perhaps you really need to be a hardcore sentimentalist to like this film . here is the film 's ultra-negative review by an informed reviewer ... i sincerely hope people take my words into consideration not merely rate this as `` unhelpful '' because they disagree with it ( then again , that 's the style on amazon these days is n't it ? )
this book was arcane and verbose which made it very difficult and unenlightening . the author digresses often and seems to add-in superfluous commentary on unrelated subjects . his references often point to `` current events '' which have long since lost relevance and the entire text has a dated , maze-like feeling . if you 're looking for an account of the life of st. francis of assisi , i would not recommend this book . if you are familiar with the life of st. francis and are looking for a commentary on the events of his life you may find this work helpful due to its supposed eminence among works about the saint
i love jackie chan . i love his stunts , his martial arts and the honor and humor that envelope his movies . this movie , put simply , dissapointed me . granted i watched half an hour of this movie and ended it there . the movie lacked the usual enthusiasm and honor of a jackie chan movie . i was put off by the cops hanging suspended in the air gasping for breath , the gory blood and the constant reliance on violence to get it 's point across . many jackie chan movies get their point across without senseless , over-the-top and disgusting violence . the movie is poor quality , low budget , which i generally like being a fan of all things swordplay fantasy kung fu and martial arts across the board and through china and flowing into korea and japan . this movie , however , lacked anything redeeming ... atleast the part of the movie i watched .
i ca n't believe how you nice little english people can actually edit such terrible and unbelievable books ! i hope you 'll never ever get another book published
elmore leonard is one of the more respected of popular contemporary authors , and deservingly so . he has a wonderful ear for dialogue and the impressive ability to both generate plot and develop characters through it . what many authors may describe in several paragraphs or pages , leonard does in a few lines of dialogue . as such , his books are tremendously quick and enjoyable reads . however , 'be cool ' is not one of his best . the concept is interesting enough : a sequel . and not just that , but a sort of metafictional work poking fun at the whole idea of sequels . chili palmer returns , trying to get his foot in the door of the music industry . as always , the protagonist is surrounded by an odd assortment of hitmen , cons , and scattered goofballs . however , when reading 'be cool ' i could n't shake the feeling that the book was rushed . many of the character ( the cop , the gangsta rapper ) are scarcely developed at all ( the latter , in particular , could have been a rich source of satire ) . also , the ending seemed rushed , as well . leonard seemed to be racing towards it without building up much tension . the reader reaches the last page and wonders what was the point of the second half of the book . i 'd always recommend elmore leonard as a quick , enjoyable , `` beach '' read . however , go with something else of his instead of 'be cool .
this book is pretty near worthless . i started reading it knowing that i was unlikely to agree with much of vicki 's `` advice , '' but i thought it still might be funny . it was n't . also , lots of her advice is not only wrong it is * completely * wrong -- as in , not only not backed up by evidence , but actually * contraindicated * by evidence . i could not even finish reading the book after i got to the complete drivel that was her `` advice '' on infant feeding -- she presented the section as `` common considerations when deciding to breastfeed '' and then proceeded to describe the absolute worst-case-scenario for everything possibly related to breastfeeding ( & several things that ca n't be blamed on breastfeeding at all ! ) . it was a common considerations section , but would have been more aptly named , `` reasons i think breastfeeding is awful and no one should do it '' section . i think it is valuable for women to read books that present a less-than-rosy view of motherhood , because too often we have a strong and persistent `` perfect mother '' image in our heads that is very difficult to live up to ( especially if we have perfectionistic tendencies ) . i adore real-life , tell-it-like it is motherhood memoirs -- they are validating and supportive . this book , however , is overwhelming negative and baby-bashing . there are much , much better books out there that do not worship motherhood , but do not completely despise it either
anyone who thinks this is a good transfer must be daft . in addition as was mentioned earlier <NUM> minutes have been cut and as i remember the film they were some of the `` best '' scenes if you get my drift . if you want to see the original film this is not it . avoid at all costs
when i heard that laura powers was simular to loreena mckennit i rushed to get this cd . i was very disappointed . laura powers has a lovely voice and the songs are good , but she ca n't compare with loreena mckennit and enya . she lacks enya and loreena 's surrealistic sound and loreena 's incredable instrumentation . when you listen to enya you feel like you have passed part way into the otherworld . when you listen to loreena you feel like you have stepped back into the ancient world of mystics , shamens and exotic lands . laura , although her music is soothing , provides no enchantment . overall i would not recommend this cd to anyone
i watched this movie and found nothing but bundles of lies . he did his best not to divide india and it was all jinnah who divided and founded pakistan . gandhi was totally against it . in short - wasted my money . i would rather be watching a silly comedy show . that must have been atleast better than this movie .
as a lover of all things glacial ( with antarctica holding a particularly special place in my heart ) , i was thrilled to come across this book in my local library . the book promised to deliver an enjoyable blend of history , science and culture in an entertaining travelogue format . sadly , i soon found myself disappointed . by the time i was halfway through , i was struggling to make progress through what should have been an engaging read . wheeler suffers for the most part from a lack of direction . her `` travels '' consist of spur-of-the-moment helicopter rides to various locations on the ice that fail to be distinguishable after the fourth or fifth trip . indeed , at times the book reads more like segments of a blog interspersed haphazardly with snippets of polar exploration history or the odd fact about glacial ice or penguins . this is further muddled with somewhat contrived musings on american culture ( they 're all depicted like they 're ex-cowboys from texas ) , or anomalous personal asides that try to be meaningful but come across as undeveloped filler material . individual chapters have no particular structure or purpose , and so the finished product feels a bit like slogging along through the variations of the same thing : funny anecdote , helicopter ride , historical bit , description of another station 's toilet facilities or the food they eat , personal aside . after several chapters of this jumpy , disjointed writing style , following the narrative stops being fun and feels more like work . this is unfortunate ; wheeler 's writing is n't necessarily poor , but seems to suffer from a bad editing job and a lack of planning . the anecdotes are amusing , the history fascinating , but when it comes to the science and the researchers themselves wheeler largely fails to make a case for their relevance . instead , they come across as slightly eccentric guinea pigs with odd-but-quaint obsessions . still , perhaps the book 's greatest crime is that she largely fails to capture the beauty and utter wildness of this last frontier on earth , and in the end i felt no closer to antarctica than when i first picked up the book . ~ jacquelyn gil
a little better than the fat burning , she need a more intense walk rountine and do something with that music , it really sucks
no one with a true understanding of billie holiday would consider her a blues singer . as such to truly study blues legacies , it would be better if a blues singer like memphis minnie , one of the greatest female instrumental blues singers , were included . surely , dinah washington , justifiably named the queen of the blues , or ruth brown , ( miss or maybe now ms rhythm ) would be more appropriate to a study of black blues women . this hints that the generalizations in this book may be the result of pushing around reality rather than studying it . this is an all too frequent problem in the writing of academics who seem more concerned about creating their own little niche of analysis , than situating their work in the realities of life , culture , and art where the blues or jazz , and billie 's real life live . billie did not like to be called a blues singer . if we are concerned with the voices of black women , then someone involved in this book should have at least had the respect to listen to billie holiday 's voice on the matter . she considered herself a jazz singer and later a cabaret singer . she recorded very few blues . the two blues she recorded again and again `` billie 's blues '' and `` fine and mellow '' were only recorded because in two different recording sessions there was time to record additional songs , but no preparation or charts existed for any song , so an easy to play blues was selected . billie recorded them and performed these two tunes often because she had the author 's credit and publishing on them which made it easier and more profitable . this is despite the fact that the exact word sets had been sung and recorded by real blues singers before billie had the brains to record and copyright them . listen to helen humes sing an exact version of fine and mellow with another name during the first spirituals to swing concert that took place before billie recorded her version . a good contrast with billie , though male , was her friend and often colleague jimmie rushing who served with her in the basie band . despite his penchant for claiming he was a ballad singer as well -- rushing actually thought that when billie left basie that rather than hiring another singer , he alone could fill the gap -- rushing 's recordings with walter page 's blue devils in the 1920s , with moten in the early 1930s , and with basie in the 1930s and 1940s are masterpieces of the blues . many of his renditions like good morning blues have become standards for blusicians of all stripes . lesser known but deserving more attention are his great blues recorded with kc musicians for john hammond on vanguard in the 1960s . otherwise she recorded few blues , particularly in her most artistically developed period between <NUM> and <NUM> . indeed , billie 's lack of a blues repertoire and disinclination to perform blues cost her her position as female vocalist with the count basie orchestra , a match made in heaven . while there were no doubt other factors involved , many basieites especially buck clayton who was quite close to billy have said billie was replaced because she did n't perform enough blues to suit john hammond who acted as de facto manager and ar man with the basie band . hammond replaced billie holiday with helen humes who had been recording blues for ten years before she joined basie . humes , of course , continued to record blues with basie , and then as an independent singer from then until her death keeping her magnificent jump blues alive for several generations of listeners . clayton 's complaint is a standard one leveled at white jazz producers like hammond and norman grantz that they wanted blues , not more harmonically developed music that black jazz musicians really wanted to play . the blues is a specific genre of african american musical , poetic , and cultural expression with its own distinct history , evolution , and practices . simply collapsing every black performer into the blues makes the blues meaningless and demeans the work of the millions of women and men who have created the blues in the last 110-120 years . another insult to billie , is the tendency to see her as a `` blues figure '' because of her `` tragic '' life . this is the tendency to evaluate billie as the public life disaster that she tended to milk in desperation in the last years of her life symbolized by the fake autobiography _lady sings the blues_ . this contrasts than the artistic consideration she deserved and received from other musicians and singers . she was a competent and practicing jazz artist , raised in the music business ( her father complained he played guitar for every jazz artist in nyc in the 1930s and early 1940s but billie . her mother boarded musicians and catered musical parties ) . from a young age , billie was considered as knowledgeable as the top instrumentalists of the music by those top instrumentalists . those who rely on the `` tragedy '' to induct billie into the blues express a greater ignorance given that as her own drug addiction advanced , her music had less and less of a connection with the blues , climaxing in `` the lady in satin '' which is a vain attempt to take the lady into non-jazz pop . all of her original blues were recorded in her pre-heroin youth in the 1930s , not in the 1950s when billie 's self-made `` tragedy '' had begun to destroy her voice and musicial viability and then her life . it is quite bizarre for anyone to claim billie 's performance of meeropol 's song `` strange fruit , '' has any relationship to blues music given her very straight reading of the tune , the unblueslike straight minor it is given , and the unjazzlike accompaniment . if one wants to see what a blues singer can do to this song , one needs to listen to the astounding version recorded by josh white which is blusey and also more dramatic and satisfying than holiday 's more celebrated version . holiday 's performance of `` strange fruit , '' tends to be elevated by folks for the justifiable political message the song provided and the controversy involved . however , an honest or even rational evaluation of the performance seems to be unavailable these days . this raises yet another ignorance , the outsider 's view that `` the blues '' is always sad or `` tragic . '' the immense body of the most popular blusicians -- that is blues artists that black people listened to -- of the 1930s like memphis minnie , tampa red , and leroy carr served up a bunch of pretty happy , often double entendre , blues . blues music was overwhelmingly dance music , with performers not playing the three minute blues contemporary white blues wannabe 's deduce from recordings , but <NUM> to even <NUM> minute versions of their songs for dancers from juke joints to the big ballrooms . unfortunately , people who have never studied the blues as a real genre , misplace it as the solo moaning of the `` existential negro , '' rather than the jumping music of a century of african american saturday nights . as an african american performer of the blues and other black traditional musics as well as a scholar of african american music tradition , this kind of non scientific , non-traditional , grab bag sloppiness about our music and our culture is a sign that even among our own , the outsider 's false generalizations about the blues reign . you would think our own would know the score .
i am a huge mars fan , but this is just bore . i was really looking forward to a cd representive of their live shows , but this is a horrible excuse for a live album from anyone especially from mars volta . i am all for experimentation , but if you look at the liner notes there are a ton of non-band members jerkin ' off on this after the original recording and personally coming from a recording and engineering backround it is not creative or good . it seems like a bad painting . save your money and buy bootleg of their actual live show .
this is not what i expected from such a gifted artist as jaheim , did he change producers ? the music and the man with the voice did n't go together well for me . this is one i will not be purchasing , it is a serious down grade from his previous two albums . better luck next time , jaheim i was truly disappointed .
with the exception of a few of their more recent live albums , i have just about everything sci has put out . i became a fan only relatively recently , but once i got one ( starting with their collaboration with kellar williams ) , i got hooked and ca n't stop . but this album left me disappointed . it was slow and stripped down . as several have said before me , none of the jams , none of the joy , none of the humor , nor the can't-stop-moving musicality of basically every other release by these guys , whether live or in the studio . everything else - anything else- they 've done is just better . buy if you want to have a complete collection of their work , but if you 're a first-time buyer , do n't go here , because it 's not representative of just how fantastic they are . had this been the first album i got from them , i would not have bought more and would 've missed the unbelievable experience i have every time i listen to virtually everything else they 've done .
this movie has no plot ! yes , the characters say things and do things and things happene but that 's not a plot ! this movie wanders on aimlessly . what is it trying to say ? what is the point ? brian j white is a good actor . i loved him in the shield , but in this movie he over acts ! it 's like he has no talent at all . the white women in the film are stereotypes , especially the blonde . they played the same <NUM> or <NUM> pieces of music several times throughout the film whether they fit or not . one seemed to be played in every other scene . whomever wrote this needs to try again ! or not
this book was very shallow and too general . did n't go in depth at all .
wake up lesbians : this is nothing like brokeback mountain ! ! to begin with , the differences between this and brokeback mountain are too many to list . brokeback mountain contained some of the best acting ( by heath ledger especially ) in many years ; the acting in this movie was absolutely horrible . the cinematography was fantastic in bbm , this looked like it was done by children . the dialogue in bbm was utterly brilliant ; this had to have been written by someone with no imagination or connection to effective or real communication . bbm was a beautiful , honest , real love story told with unequaled poignancy ; this told the dark story of how lesbians find death a better answer than just living a happy , productive life like most of us do . whoever thought this to be even remotely good is a victim of accepting the crap that is tossed out there rendering ridiculous depictions of lesbians and lesbian life . ugh , and suicide ? ? ? next topic ! just because a film has a low budget does n't necessarily mean low quality ! this is a far too typical stinker of a lesbian film made as an excuse to show girls kissing and show yet another skewed image of how we live .
mr. yancey has no respect for the teaching of the bible . god is always there when it hurts . in fact , god allows hurt . look at book of job . god allowed satan to kill job 's children ( ! ! ! ) and tempt his wife away from job and give job a horrible disease . god was always there . in fact , god was a part of the plan to cause job to suffer . why ? on a whim . satan said that job would lose faith if disaster struck him , so god said , `` okay , give it your best shot ! '' sometimes , god sends disasters into your home for a whim , for a wager with satan . this is the lesson from the book of job . sometimes , god himself brings pain and death because christians refuse to uphold the interests of the kingdom of christ . look at the book of jeremiah . it was god who chose to kill israelites , destroy the jerusalem temple . in fact , jeremiah specifically states that king nebuchadnezzar of babylon , who was not a believer , was anointed by god to bring destruction . it 's like god anointing bin laden to destroy america . that would be the similar analogy in terms of anointing a hostile unbeliever to destroy a believing nation . the bible is clear that god chose king nebuchadnezzar to destroy the jerusalem temple and kill israelites . and anyone who opposed king nebuchadnezzar opposed god himself . how does this apply to bin laden . this is how seriously god takes desecration of his house , the christian church . god will raise up an unbelieving enemey to destroy america if america desecrates god 's houses . and opposing this anointed enemy would be opposing god himself . mr. yancey should think seriously about what god teaches about suffering . god gives suffering when believers desecrate his house . god sends death and destruction when christians refuse to uphold the interst of christ . this is an important lesson for america to learn
the cars have to be one of the most overrated bands of all time . they have only made <NUM> decent song in bye bye love . rest of their songs just plain suck . i mean why do people love lousy bands in queen , cars , acdc , beatles , stones , who , steve miller , and boston ? good bands are required to be dire straits , foreigner , guns n ' roses , nirvana , green day , aerosmith , and joe walsh . do n't read the <NUM> star reviewers for this terrible compilation . go get a better album from nirvana insted . ps the cars suck
this book is more of a magazine ( with advertisements ! ) . while it has many cute pages that parents have made with a photo or two , the descriptions of how each page was done are only useful for people who have enough scrapbooking experience to recognize the brief and sometimes obscure references to paper and lettering sources . there are almost no explanations of how the pages were created ( no step by step instructions or tips or anything ) except to identify the sources of the products used . a big disappointment
this release doesnt play on toshiba hd-dvd players . so if you have a tosh better wait until they release an firmware update ( i have no hope that they will be releasing one in 2-3 months ) . there are many other hd-dvd titles that wont play on toshiba players , better check out before ordering one
garbage ! pure garbage ! sh * * ! pure sh * * ! the only reason she got any type of record deal is because of her looks . she can not sing whatsoever , and her voice is terrible , and she has no place in the music industry . if you have not noticed , all her hits ( only <NUM> of them ) are all collaborations , which says a lot because she ca n't even sell on her own and stand on her own feet . the only good song on here is `` it 's all about me '' with sisqo . seriously , do n't waste your time or your money on this talentless slut ! grade :
if there was something less than a `` one star rating '' this book would qualify ! just a terrible collection of short stories going nowhere . very dis-jointed . very wordy . i kept reading to the end , in hopes of finding some kind of conclusion . the only conclusion found is to share the bad experience , in hopes of saving others from some pain and frustration ! i 'll never read peter straub again ! ugh
review no.618.somewhat disappointing follow-up to their '96 'load ' cd , which was one of their better works ever , i thought . i remember so many fans commenting how let down they were when this disc first came out . it 's not so terrible , it 's just nothing to get all tanked up about . some of the tracks here , i thought were okay , are `` the memory remains '' ( love the video where marianne faithfull makes an appearance-now that 's semi-original ) , '' the unforgiven ii '' , the melodic `` where the wild things are '' and `` bad seed '' . not the worst metal release i 've ever heard , by any means . take my advise , buy a used copy of this title
i really gave this album a chance . there were even a couple of moments where i thought that a song had a particularly good ( in a cheesy way ) <NUM> 's arena rock riff . but without fail , even the songs that start out `` good '' , turn into generic forgettable <NUM> 's rock -- you know the type that littered the early <NUM> 's music scene and all sounded as if it was written by some studio executive and a computer . i guess there is no accounting for taste , and everyone can have their opinions . unless you are really into early <NUM> 's power ballads , however , do n't even think about getting this album
the author has provided the context in which he wrote this book . as an adolescent boy in the 1970s , i found it an interesting read . since i had the good sense to not attempt any of the hare-brained schemes in the book , i am still healthy and have all of my limbs . if people are interested in improvised munitions and the like , there are at least six ( <NUM> ) us army fms and tms on the subject that i am aware of . bear in mind that the making of explosive devices is a serious felony , and should not be attempted without the proper federal and state licenses and permits . batfe does not take kindly to the making of unregistered and untaxed explosives
there is good tune you can dance over and over again `` let it whip '' by the dazz band . the rest are funky wild music not for elective taste
these are the same tracks from totally buble which was released without buble 's consent . `` totally buble '' is not an album that i wanted to be released . they were songs i recorded for a film called `` totally blonde '' many years ago before i was signed to 143/reprise records . the decision to release it as an album was made by the film 's producer , and i had no control over stopping him . it is important for everyone to know , that i only want to release quality music to my fans by offering my best work and i sincerely apologize if you purchased this album . '' - michael buble
punk , like all great rock music , was a rebellion , in this case against the excesses of the late '60s and early '70s . but somewhere along the way , it was unavoidable that bands would come along that loved the energy and honesty of punk and the very material they were rebelling against -- in the case of xtc , the lush pop and psychedelia of the late '60s . but these influences were far receeded on their debut album , `` white music '' is firmly lodged in the sounds of punk and new wave and is , more than anything else , an album of energy music . the net result of this is that hte album is inevitably at odds with the strenghts of the band -- songwriters andy partridge and colin moulding would come later to excel at lush , detailed arrangement full of unerring pop hooks , textures and harmonies , but here , it 's all very stripped back , ska and punk influenced pop . moulding 's trademark slithering bass is n't quite in place yet , though he 's already starting to find holes to fit himself in , he primarily forms a solid lockstep with drummer terry chambers . partridge 's guitar , for his part , limits largely to angular punk and ska trends -- loud and aggressive , pushing the music along from the front , which leads barry andrews ' buzzing organ sound to be largely the soloing voice in the band . but with all this , the real weakness was singing voices too used to poor microphones of cheap clubs -- partridge and moulding both use an unnatural , clipped vocal style that seems more concerned with trying to annunciate than anything else , to the detrimant of the band 's sound . with all of this creating an unnatural tension on the album , it still manages to hit pretty frequently , helped no doubt by the fact that partridge 's songwriting was already top notch . standout `` statue of liberty '' best illustrates this -- hints of ska , gentle organ textures , and a funky bassline over which partridge 's clever story of unrequited love can be read out . nearly as notable are punky opener `` radios in motion '' ( full of crackling punk energy ) , the loose-yet-detailed arrangement of early single `` this is pop ? '' ( featuring the closest partridge would ever come to snarling punk rebellion , even if it is laden with great pop hooks ) , and new wave gem `` atom age '' , with just enough of a hint of brian wilson to pull it above the rest . on the other hand , there 's a lot of largely forgettable material -- moulding 's songwriting feels like it 's not quite ready ( `` set myself on fire '' ) and his vocal is even more painfully forced than partridge 's ( `` cross wires '' ) , and even partridge has a couple duds ( `` spinning top '' ) . add to this an ill-conceived ska take on `` all along the watchtower '' that makes partridge sound like a bad hendrix imitator and you end up with a pretty mixed package . the reissue adds quite a bit to the original -- remastered sound that has the net effect of making the record sound a bit more dated than it probably would at least provides clarity to the music and there 's seven bonus tracks -- early singles and the `` 3d ep '' . most of this stuff is largely forgettable ( moulding 's `` heatwave '' , partridge 's `` dance band '' and `` traffic light rock '' ) , but early single `` science friction '' and its b-side `` she 's so square '' are pulsing full of nervous tension and energy and make a decent listen . xtc would find enormous heights in the following decade , and i ca n't help but color my reviews of their early material based on the heights they 'd eventually reach . i have a sneaking suspicion that had i not heard what they 'd be capable of in the future , i 'd be inclined to give this a much higher rating , but compared to their later work , `` white music '' sounds positively amateurish . it 's got its moments , but they 'd go on to do a lot better
do n't get me wrong , i love brian stokes mitchell . his deep voice is intoxicating and beautiful , which was why this cd was such a dissapointment . all his songs are high and do not show off his wonderful low voice . mitchell should stick to what he does best and it is not covers of songs made for tenors . i hope his next album will be more fit for his voice , i 'll be the first in line
... upon actual research it is clearly false . many others have delved into the finer points of menzies ' poor methodology and often deliberate exaggeration or falsities , so i wo n't bother . i 'll only list four points that i think stand out even without deep fact checking : <NUM> ) niccolo di conti , the venetian explorer and crucial link in the book who supposedly sailed with the chinese treasure fleet in <NUM> , failed to mention in his memoirs anything about chinese junks or going to the four corners of the world . this seems strange . <NUM> ) the fleet sailed to virtually every coastline in the world but missed europe entirely , the one place sure to mark their passing for posterity . this is neither evidence nor disproof , merely a sketchy coincidence . <NUM> ) native americans are given startlingly short shrift , both in the book and in many of the reviews . virtually every time something sophisticated is presented in the ancient new world it is attributed to the chinese , reminding me of the easter island `` mystery '' of who carved those giant heads . for the record , native populations were n't childish savages ; prior to european contact they had very sophisticated civilizations , fully capable of jewelery work , cloth garments , and carving statues . <NUM> ) lastly , given the vast numbers of chinese sailors involved ( roughly 25-30,000 ) , the presence of domesticated animals such as horses and pigs , and the inevitable presence of huge numbers of stow-away rats , does n't it strike anyone as odd that there were apparently no diseases passed on to the various native populations in the americas ? it only took a very small amount of european contact to spark the largest , and deadliest pandemic in history that raged for nearly two centuries killing unknown millions of native americans . chinese contact of the scale claimed would certainly have had a similar , if not worse , effect . ultimately menzies ' book is entertaining , leaving the reader hoping it is true merely for the fantastic nature of the thesis . in the end , however , the evidence and analysis simply are not there .
not very good not worth getting it is not good pokefan is wrong and im right not the same as original boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo bo
if you 're new to the postmodernism question , then this book is n't for you . better to start someplace else . and if you been looking at postmodernism for a while now , you 've probably already read other , more extensive works by the authors of this volume , so you do n't need to read this book either . so basically , there 's no good reason to read this book . and if you were going to read it , you would have a hard time because of the way its laid out design-wise . being postmodern and all , zondervan tried to design the inside of this book as `` with-it '' as they could . unfortunately , while i enjoy postmodern book covers , when that same style is applied to the insides of a book it can make for some very tedious reading . much of the text is printed as a light shade of gray using an italic font , which , as any graphic designer reading this review will tell you , is a big no-no . it just makes for hard reading . oh , and future editions of this work should edit out fredica mathewes-green 's attemps at humorous commentary throughout horton 's piece . cheers
i thought when i saw steven seagal in the movie , `` how could you go wrong getting this ? '' after seeing just <NUM> minutes of it , i knew how wrong it could go . this is at best a b movie
very disappointed ! ! i am a very busy mom who tries very hard to cook healthy & low cal for the whole family . when i buy a cookbook that claims it 's quick & easy , i do not expect the recipes to have an average of <NUM> to <NUM> ingredients in them . i do n't know what this author considers quick , but i sure do n't think there is anything quick about these recipes ! no pictures either
