having been lucky enough to have seen and videotaped the original broadcast of ric burn 's `` coney island '' way back in <NUM> i found myself becoming more and more obsessed with this brilliant documentary . at the time i worked nights and would get home around <NUM> or <NUM> a.m. every night - most nights i would pop in my tape of `` coney island '' - i lived and breathed this film . it is everything the above review says it is and more . anyone with a interest in history , immigration , carnivals , amusement parks , nostalgia , film and photography should definatley purchase this film . you will not regret it . other titles from the amazing ric burns include `` the way west '' , `` the donner party '' `` new york '' as well as the epic `` the civil war '' which he did with his brother ken . as far as `` coney island '' goes you 'd be nuts to pass this one up .
i really enjoy using this book . my <NUM> year old gelding has found new vigor from the suggested herbs , and my son 's <NUM> year old mare is in peak condition thanks to black oil sunflower seeds and other recommendations . i recommend this book to anyone with horses who 's interested in helping them to stay happy and healthy into old age
i own a lot of surf dvd 's , long board , short board , mix of both.what makes singlefin special from the others is that it really is a surf `` movie '' with a story . shot on film with great care . any surfer will love the pure stoke which moves through out this film . a must for surf dvd collectors who love the life of surfing .
you will love this cd if you love james brown , the jbs , maceo , bobby byrd , hank ballard or any of the incredible musicians in their orbit during their late 1960s-early '70s heyday . bottom line : it fills in gaps left in previous comps . it includes some rare historic moments . a few of the most notable : it starts with an oddly slowed , `` rock '' original version of `` talkin ' loud and sayin ' nothin ' '' that evokes the stoned , slovenly funk crawl later adopted by sly stone in his `` riot '' era . it 's not especially good , but it 's an intriguing opener to this lovably obscure odd-lot compilation . hank ballard telling fellow blacks that they wo n't get any respect if they do n't get rid of their `` processed , '' or straightened ( usually with lye ) hairstyle , a remnant from the just-past `` negro '' days . hank says he used to wear a process but now has chosen , as a political statement , to wear a `` natural '' afro , one more suitable for a beautiful black brother or sister . ( in a delicious touch of irony , backing vocals for this black empowerment anthem are provided by the dapps , the lone all-white group signed to james brown productions . ) then you have brother bobby byrd `` doin ' the do , '' a long jam that is essentially a predecessor ( recorded at the olympia theatre in paris ! ) of the jb 's mesmerizing and legendary 16-minute `` escape-ism '' / '' make it funky '' jam on the ridiculously essential <NUM> apollo live disc , a revolution of the mind . `` catfish '' collins , brother of bootsy , works overtime on the funky guitar . you also have a pissed-off jb , feeling robbed by a few average white band songs , trying to outdo the man at his own game once again . in trying to create a top <NUM> instrumental over the backing track of an old song ( `` hot pants road '' ) , he fails , but instead he creates a funky , almost `` superfly '' soundtrack vibe that could have come from the opening music for a quinn martin productions tv cop show of the '70s . and you 've some of the great , criminally underrated female vocalists in the jb stable : lyn collins ( in a fiery `` giveit up '' ) and vicki anderson . you have just about every great musician of jb 's funk era represented here as well . maybe this is n't the most essential jb compilation ever , but do n't dismiss it so quickly . more than just another cd , this album is a powerful reminder of one undisputed fact . social historians , musical archivists , scholars and others will spend the next <NUM> years just listening to and cataloguing the records the hardest working man in show business was at one time able to make as easily and effortlessly as paper airplanes on a lazy afternoon . instead of these piecemeal comps , polydor needs to just drop a 95-disc box set of every known jb recording , with maybe a holographic soul sister research archivist ( wearing hot pants , no doubt ) to help you sort through it all . this would be one of the discs on that set ; it 's not the most incendiary of them , but it is another piece of the vast and beautiful mosaic created for us by james brown and these amazing musicians over a period of decades .
i read this book thirty years ago ( do you think i waited long enough to write this review ? ) and enjoyed it very much , but found it perplexing . i , myself , am a yogi , but this story would strike most people as being a blend of truth and fantasy . but what is wrong with that ? it is a beautiful story that teaches us many things about the way yogis look at life -- and death . do not approach this book with a critical eye on truth . instead , think of it as a type of epic poem . reflect on the reality of it at your leasure ! one thing is true about this book : the author wrote this book with great love of all humanity ! if you have developed an interest in some aspect of yoga and want to learn something more of what traditional yoga ( as opposed to the `` designer '' versions touted lately ) is about , give this a try
wanted the classic track `` ai n't no sunshine '' and hoped naively for more of the same on this album but got only dated soul as honestly expected . <NUM> stars are deserved just for that one track
leave it to cafe-ta to give its fans such a great deal on not only a wonderful cd , but also on an even greater dvd . this is a must have for all the cafe-ta fanatics ... like myself . the dvd it great but i wish that it wasnt so edited . it seemed like they took a couple of concerts and edited them together ... and sometimes not so discretely . towards the end of the dvd there are some scenes that cuts from them wearing one thing , to another and back again ... all in the same song ! ... but other than that i love it ... ive probably seen it about <NUM> times and ive had it for about <NUM> months ! once again .. this is a must have for all cafe-ta fanatics ! ! !
of all the books on inner healing and deliverance that i have read , this one has been one of the two most helpful . dr. kraft not only explains what happens in a ministry session , he also explains how to do it . a must for those wanting to see god move in this type of ministry
we read this book as a part of our homeschool history curriculum this year . it was very informative and entertaining . my children ( ages <NUM> and <NUM> ) absolutely loved it . we have the older version , and my kids did n't even mind the lack of color and the sparse illustrations . they begged me , '' one more chapter ... please , mom ? ! '' i would say the only thing i did not care for in this book was the way they portray the indians . other than squanto , samoset and massasoit , all of the other indians are viewed as 'savages ' ( and not very intelligent ones , at that . ) in the last few chapters , they are even used as 'comic relief . ' she also has them speaking the word 'ugh ' a lot ... such as `` ugh ! white squaw bring me cider ! '' i thought that was a little unrealistic , and insulting as well . the information on the pilgrims is wonderful , and she really brought their journey alive . if you can overlook the indian parts , i would highly recommend this book .
eddie cochran rocks , this is a must have for any rockabilly fan or any fan of rock n roll ........ the real stuff . it 's too bad he had to die at such a young age , it would 've been nice if he could 've been around to make more great music , with songs like `` jeanie jeanie jeanie '' , `` somethin ' else '' , `` come on everybody '' , `` guybo '' , `` summertime blues '' , `` twenty flight rock '' , and my personal favorite `` bolweevle '' ( do n't know if thats spelled right , but its a really cool song ) . this is an enjoyable album from start to finish , this is the way rock n roll is supposed to sound
k.m . soehnlein did not strike a single false note for me in his coming-of-age novel . the non-linear nature of many conversations ( which still communicate much to both the listeners and the speakers ) , the guilt and excitement that a person feels when he continues to experience life during tragic circumstances , the way a series of bold decisions suddenly add up to a life spinning wildly out of control : all of these ring true to me . the protagonist robin mckenzie is destined for greater things than his suburban new jersey town can give him -- he 's smart , creative , and hungry -- but we 're lucky to have a peak into the half-year when his life and identity are transformed ( unfortunately , by an accident when childhood teasing gets out-of-hand ) . the book is written for adults , although older teenagers might be ready for it . i imagine that some high school gays will dog-ear certain hot sections for re-reading . i would have done so had i stumbled on such a book when i was in high school . wait , i did ... * * spoiler * * and for once in recent fiction , a gay relationship in high school is shown to be the intoxicating , confusing , educational and finite experience that it often is . i look forward to reading more from k.m . soehnlein
entirely involving , entertaining and nuanced ( that 's the new adjective , right ? ) novel about hollywood ( woo-hoo ) during the huac witchhunt . some might call this book a soap-opera but , would that be so bad ? most everything the revered faulkner wrote is not only soap opera but , gasp , southern gothic soap opera . loved this book which brings back to public consciousness a black period for the u.s. and for democracy and discusses it with a grey palette . wonderful , exquisite , consuming reading . well written , with very knowing eye and irony ; it 's a do-not-miss-book !
dario argento 's terror at the opera is simply about a psychotic hooded killer who terrorizes an opera diva whom he adores . the opera diva is betty , a young singer who gets a chance to star in macbeth when the original lead has an accident and breaks her leg . her powerful ( not ) performances in macbeth attracts the killer who randomly kidnaps betty , ties her up and tapes a row of sharp pins under her eyes forcing her to watch him commit murder . later on in the film we find out why he does this to her aswell as the killers secret identity . terror at the opera is more of a slasher rather than a horror , ( as there is no real scary moments in the entire film ) but still a good horror . tato is a very enjoyable horror/slasher . for the usual horror fanatic , it does deliver as it is gory and strangely at times very humorous . the camera work is great in this film as it exaggerates the gore by simply zooming in on a penetration of a knife or when the camera becomes the eyes of betty , showing us what she sees through those sharp needles taped under her eyes . apart from gore , tato also has a mystery factor . as the film progresses introducing new characters and reminding us of old suspicious characters , the viewer soon begins to wonder who is the killer . and of course this does lead to a twist at the end . with plenty of violence , mystery , thrills and humor , dario argento 's well paced feature will not dissapoint . one bad thing i can say about this film is that the acting is quite bad , but that maybe the result of the terrible dubbing . however , terror at the opera is still an entertaining film and well worth a look
has it ever entered your mind as to why people listen to britney spears ? i would expect a pervert to be too busy watching cheap porn , a redneck to listen to musical trash such as `` redneck yacht club '' ( get the corresponding titles ? ) , and a lonely person to spend his or her time staring at the wall ... being , well ... you know lonely ... as you claim . twelve year old girls ? are n't they still playing with barbies ? i guess you , my friend , are yet another person for whom there is no enlightening
`` undine was fiercely independent and yet passionately imitative . she wanted to surprise every one by her dash and originality , but she could not help modeling herself on the last person she met , and the confusion of ideals thus produced caused her much perturbation when she had to choose between two courses . '' p.457 the characters in custom of the country were fabulous , especially elmer moffatt . the story itself proved to be an almost inexhaustible weave of aspirations and setbacks . the up-and-coming young new york socialite , undine spragg , with her country background and concealed past , pushes incessantly to better her personal station . whether it is compromising her parents financial stability to marry into new york 's society , crushing her first husband in favor of a richer more social benefactor , or finding her way into a scandalous second marriage with one of france 's oldest families , undine never stops aspiring for more . she ultimately concludes ( seemingly so ) with her very first love , elmer moffatt . wharton leaves the reader with an unpredictable and winding path , to an inevitable conclusion
i really enjoyed this film , basically the coen bros. homage to the film noir genre . ( i always thought the name was funny , since it 's french , and yet most of famous directors were german , like fritz lang , otto preminger , etc . : - ) ) . the sure hand of the brothers with this material is shown in how the film unfolds with the cool , unhurried , nonchalant pace of an experienced private eye or gumshoe doggedly stalking his prey . thornton is great in the lead as the reticent , phlegmatic barber , and if anything , he is even more convincing with hair than without -- even his hairpiece is 50s-ish . : - ) the whole cast does a fine job in their roles , and both gandolfini and shaloub have a couple of show-stealing scenes . i found the film 's climax a complete surprise , as the tables turn unexpectedly on the barber , for whom everything seems to be working out up till then . overall a great film and probably one of the coen bros. best . if you 're a coen bros. fan you wo n't find this one a disappointment .
i have pretty well all of her cd 's and dvd 's so this extra one from her concert at carnegie hall this year was especially welcome . her voice is still terrific - some of the songs she sings bring tears to your eyes and others fill you with joy . this is an album to treasure and hear again and again . thank you barbara !
after seeing toni 's show in my hometown las vegas , i was truly disappointed . toni 's album is very good . she leaves her personal problems out . however , her voice and personal problems were brought out too abruptly at the show !
i can remember telling people to leave me alone in the lunch room as i read through the final quarter of this book . while this book does feature some hannibal lecter moments , it is more centered around the search for a serial killer , with hannibal once again providing the 'consultant ' role . the movie did a fairly sucessful job with this up until the end , which was saddening ; the ending in this book is quite a powerhouse , although similar in them . this is a very compelling read whether you are a horror fan or crime fan . there is alot of technical forensic stuff here and there , but it works well as you follow the closing in on a really sick guy . the romance element here is quite strong and tragic ; it provides a nice distraction from the constant tension you feel throughout these pages . i was very impressed with this book , and it had me hanging on every last word . i ca n't imagine anyone who likes this kind of stuff feeling any differently
i am an avid fan of lost and found this book to be a great resource , as well as a starting point for some new thought on the subject . there is a lot to keep track of in this tv series ( characters ' current lives on the island , flashbacks to characters ' previous lives , plot twists , philosophy . . .etc ) and the details that are catalogued in this book have been revelatory to me . having all those details laid out in front of me has helped me to think about my own and others ' theories on lost and make some interesting connections and even some dismissals . this book is for the thinking fan who wants an accessible resource and insightful discussion of an incredible series . i have also loaned this book to a friend who i wanted to get interested in lost , and she has found it most helpful and is now hooked on the series . there is also a section on fansites and blog resources that has been really fun to peruse . i have even run into one of the authors online and gotten to chat . very cool ! in short , this book has it all !
gangly garage-rock guitar riffs , breathy french-accented female vocals , catchy tunes with insightful lyrics that capture the exuberance as well a good measure of the angst of youth . & quot ; in the shadows & quot ; , & quot ; no guarantee & quot ; , & quot ; point of view & quot ; , & quot ; do n't believe a word & quot ; -- songs like these deserve better praise than i can possibly jot down here . you must listen for yourself ! one of the top cd 's of the <NUM> 's , i think . their follow-up , & quot ; apartment life & quot ; , though very good , falls into a safer pop groove . i 'm looking for their third one to be the first great album of the new millenium
i mention that this is a board book because so many parents seem dissapointed by how few pages it contains . your kids will still love it
although i have n't bought this package , i 've seen both films . the first film was really great , it earned 5/5 stars right off the back . the fight scenes were intense , with some great , upbeat music playing . in addition to the intensity , there was a lot of first-person views . there there was a cliffhanger ending , though . the second film was ok , but not as good as the first one . it continues the first one , but they used totally different actors to play raiden , sonya , jax , and johnny cage . i would give it a 4/5 stars because of the short fight scenes and over-use of slow motion . i would have given it a 3/5 , but it earned a star for the awesome music . it was pretty good film , for those who appreciate the hard work of others
in this brilliant book , rod ferguson interrogates canonical sociologys ' regulation of sexual difference as part of its pathologization of african american culture . sophisticated in its critiques of race , gender , and sexuality within analyses of cultural , economic , and epistemological formations , this book breaks new ground in sociology , american studies , queer theory , and women of color feminism . great for graduate and undergraduate courses on the problematic history of the discipline of sociology as well as courses on sexuality and queer theory
what th ? ? ? ? thoughts , fearful examination of the insanity and ecstacy of self-refective perception . disjointed . razors , withered weathered fields of obsessive compulsio
there was no marks in the whole book , and the price was great
to me , this film is worth owning , not just renting to see once . one only wishes it could be updated continually , especially to include <NUM> 's brokeback mountain . however , it has so many gems that i recommend it for gathering so much history together
david cromemberg did an excellent job with the adaptation of stephen king 's novel , and christopher walken was superb in his portrayal of johnny smith ( no middle initial ) . the supporting cast added to the film : martin sheen was a convincing greg stilson ( was this a warm up for his west wing role ? ) , i 'm a big fan of tom skerritt , and i did n't recognize herbert lom from his pink panther role . this movie ( and the book ) are put in the horror genre , but i would consider the story to be true science fiction . smith 's character was in a coma for several years , and the story 's premise is that this coma enabled his brain to tap into psychic ablilities . there is nothing supernatural about the villains ; they 're just normal bad people . this movie is not completely faithful to the movie . some of the changes are to make it fit a moderately lengthed movie ( <NUM> minutes ) instead of a 400+ page novel . some of the changes add moderate suspense , keeping the interest of someone who read the novel first . i do question the need for some of the changes -- i do n't know why johnny smith 's psychic abilities required personal contact in the movie ( he could learn things touching people 's clothes or a geographic spot in the book ) , and i did n't think it was necessary of having his tutoree be a younger boy in the movie instead of a teenager as in the book ( this made for what i considered weaker parts of the movie ) . true science fiction is effective because it takes a normal person , puts them in an abnormal situation , and thus investigates the person 's character . due to the time constraints of the movie , it did not as effectively deal with the wrestlings of conscience smith had , but they were not absent either . as a result , the story ( both book and movie ) have a feel of a classic tragedy . this movie is not for children , though it could have easily gained a pg rating ( this movie came out the year before pg-13 was introduced ) . the r rating was gained by one usage of the f-word , a couple of seconds of a revealed breast , and a short gruesome scene involving the death of a character . ( cromemberg has a reputation for gruesomeness in his other movies , like `` scanners '' , `` videodrome '' , and the <NUM> remake of `` the fly '' ; this movie had him more subdued , but very effective . ) besides the r-rating , there are aspects of the story ( equally true in the novel as in the movie ) that i find disturbing as a fundamentalist minister . this is because of its dependence on situation ethics . adultery and murder are considered acceptable on the part of johnny smith because of the situations . in spite of these misgivings , i think this was an excellent movie . i think it was worthy of several awards , such as acting nominations for walken and sheen , for adapted screenplay , and for best picture .
nice to finally have a compilation of hits from the greatest female rapper ever ! beware it is explicit
i would highly recommend this book to anyone seeking better fit in dressmaking . the seam method of pattern alteration is pretty easy and straightforward . judith presents alterations for the bodice , skirt , and pants . with the information in this book , you can alter your pattern for square or sloping shoulders , wide or narrow hips/waist , thin arms , rounded back , and many other necessary alterations . i did not find the bust alteration to be very helpful to me , however . i prefer other methods , but i often use the seam method for widening my waist and hips in my own patterns . additionally , judith offers style suggestions to flatter various figures . it is an interesting and useful book
when i see suzanne somers i just see chrissy from three 's company and all that snorting and dumb blonde-ing ! i never paid any attention to any of the suzanne somers books because i figured this was just another celebrity attaching their persona to something . my library happened to have this on the shelf and since i had some time to kill while waiting for my daughter to pick out her books i decided to flip through the recipe section since i knew it was a low carb type of diet and i do atkins . i was very interested at what i saw so i checked it out . i have been totally shocked at how easy and terrific her ideas are and in fact her philosophy is quite interesting too . i am really impressed . i have a totally different viewpoint now of suzanne somers . i love this recipe book so much i had to buy it so i & quot ; d have a copy
a great remastered version of one of monks ' masterpiece recordings . every selection here offers something unexpected and the entire cd swings like crazy . monks comping on the title track criss cross behind charlie rouses 's temor is something to behold . he is never where you think he 's going and yet melodic and perfectly in the tune . this guy was really something special and this cd offers a chance to hear him at his peak . buy it .. you ca n't go wrong here
it 's awesome that someone could give you the feeling you get when you hear a song for the first time all over again with the same songs . this album is just great.you get used to & quot ; frio & quot ; , then you get the same songs you love in english and it works wonderfully.i could not believe my ears the first time . this is an excellent piece of art and it should be in your collection
this book is terrific . the moves between outland , fairyland , and england are very confusing at first , but once you get the gist of the work it is a very enjoyable ! the way bruno talks is theonly very annoying part . his oos and other such shortenings ( y'reince comes to mind ) are very odd , but he is always followed by a correction by his sister sylvie . all in all , this is an amazing book
bill s. preston , esq . and ted `` theodore '' logan totally rule in this bodacious movie extravaganza ! a time-traveling rock and roll tribute to that greatest of all lost bands , `` wyld stallyons '' ! the other reviews have pretty much said it all , although i must exclaim that : `` i do n't understand why people complain that this movie is inane . '' of course it is ! did n't you know that when you popped it in the video player or went to see it at the movie ? ! ? it is inane drivel from wall to wall , although there are some most excellent puns thrown in , such as napoleon spending his day in san dimas at a water-slide park called `` waterloop '' ... get it ? .... waterloo ... p ? like i said , pretty much inane drivel , but i like it like that . ted theodore logan in his more pensive moments leans toward a proto-neo acting style which will thrill fans of the matrix series . people who complain about inane comedy are people who are n't funny themselves , and i hate people like that ! but fortunately for the future of the planet , unenlightened souls like myself can always invoke that core principle of peaceful planets everwhere ... be excellent to each other . and do n't forget to wind your watch !
_blue_ is simply a masterpiece of pop-rock music ! it has tons of massive hooks , sweet grooves , incredible melodies , awesome vocals courtesy of mr. jenkins , and dashes of experimentalism ! the melodies soar overhead with his sweet falsetto voice , the drums rip and roar through some funky bass grooves , and the guitars strum delicately or spit out a distorted lullaby of happiness . as much as i enjoy third eye blind 's eponymous debut album ( which is one of my favorite pop albums ever ) , i think _blue_ is even better . it is impossible to deny the songsmanship on display here . everyone should listen to this album
if you buy this cd , listen to `` riff raff '' on <NUM> , and your not convinced of the absolute transcendent beauty of the dirty-band-of-demons that was ac/dc at this time in history , you must be dead . although it 's quite short and does n't have the songs you might expect to see , this is an absolutely crucial document of the quintessential bad boys in their prime
i had always wanted to try pilates , but was intimidated by the thought of actually trying some of the exercises that i 've seen people doing . i hurt my left knee <NUM> years ago and have a hard time walking and sitting for any length of time . well , i had a hard time . i have been using this dvd for <NUM> months now , and can do all the beginner 's exercises , even the ones i thought i could n't do . i was pleasantly surprised at the enjoyment and sense of well-being that i get from the program . the instructor is laid back , pleasant , and offers helpful hints . you can actually see what she is doing at all times , and she explains things very well
right on time as usually . the product is what i expecte
i 'm a science copyeditor , and i truly do n't know how i 'd manage without this book . if it has to do with chemistry , it 's here ( thank heaven ! ) . and there 's a wealth of clear information about how to format math , a wonderful list of unit abbreviations , and even a fair amount about physics- and biology-related terminology . it has the most lucid and concise explanations i 've seen about when to apply italics or roman . and it 's reasonably priced . of course , if you specifically need to follow acs style , this book is de rigeur , but even if you do n't , you 'll find it invaluable for science copyediting
with this concert , he proved he was the king of new york . for a rapper to sell out madison square garden by himself , as quick as he did , was no real surprise when we all know jay-z 's achievements over the years . this concert was the culmination of an incredible career . 'the black album ' delivered what jay-z promised , he was back to his very best , and his incredible performance on this dvd showcases that . the live performance is very well mixed in with studio shots of jay-z at work with producers working on songs . it gives the viewer and understanding of what has to happen for a song to be completed , and it also showed jay 's unique way of delivering his rhymes , without any paper , just remembering them and spitting them on the fly . the concert was unbelievable . jay-z trotted out star after star to help him with all his collabo 's over the years . the only time this let him down was when he had beanie sigel , memphis bleek and freeway on stage at the same time . all <NUM> rappers detracted from jay-z being the main show , but this is how i felt on 'the dynasty ' so i guess it was n't going to change . the night finished with jay-z performing encore and december 4th so a crowd delerious with joy and satisfaction . after this performance , jay-z will go down in rap history as one of the best to ever grace the microphone . definitely buy this , it 's well worth it .
glengarry glen ross is a superb drama directed by james foley ( at close range ) , and starring a powerful all-male cast including al pacino ( heat ) , jack lemmon ( grumpy old men ) , ed harris ( a beautiful mind ) , alan arkin ( edward scissorhands ) , kevin spacey ( american beauty ) , alec baldwin ( the aviator ) , and jonathon pryce ( pirates of the caribbean : the curse of the black pearl ) . the movie is an adaptation of the stage play written by david mamet , who also helms the screenplay to the movie version . the thing that drew me most to glengarry glen ross was the dialogue . and since i tried my hand at door-to-door sales , i felt very connected to the characters in the movie , especially sheldon levene , played remarkably by lemmon . the presentation made by alec baldwin in the beginning of the film about what it takes to be a salesman hit me harder than an iron fist . the movie is not just for salesmen ( even though i find it mandatory for anybody who 's considering a career in sales ) , but for everybody who appreciates real movies . recommended
this by far is the weaker book in the whole ender/bean saga , but this is n't due to card losing his stuff or anything quite that dramatic . the fact of the matter is that this is the last two hundred or so pages of book <NUM> . before the story could move anymore ( spoiler spoiler spoiler ) achilles had to be killed . i 'm guessing that adding that to the sixth book would have made it longer than the publisher liked , and thus what was probably one hundred pages of story had to be fleshed out , and thus diluted . i just finished reading book <NUM> and let me tell you that this was a wholly necessary step in the story . as for the lack of science fiction , i can admit that it is n't totally traditional sci-fi at this point , but it 's still got most of the characteristics . anything in the future , after alien bug invasions , with colony worlds , and faster than light communication , well yeah that counts as sci-fi to me . i think the biggest problem is that card is a total sci-fi guy , and when he tries his hand at romance it comes off like a bollywood movie . and the babies thing , the emphasis on having tons of babies , is a natural reaction of the characters to the end of the birth control laws . that probably explains why there seems to be an ongoing breeding infatuation . anyway , this book is good , but the others are great . but we need all in the series to make it work , so this one does it 's job well enough . it ca n't live up to the intrigue of the others , but it makes the eigth book possible . and the eigth was really worth it . at least we can be thankful that they have n't become as whacked out as the last two ender books
i noticed that all the reviews are pretty short , so i 'll try and keep mine short , as well . i bought this album around seven or eight years ago when i was a bachelor and living in a <NUM> square foot backhouse . because my personal dwelling space was so small , i wanted to create an illusion that my place was big , spacious and open and i did that not only through carefully choosing my furniture and accessories , but by creating a `` big atmosphere '' through the music i chose to play when i had guests over . whenever i played this cd at dinner parties i threw , people literally stopped and noticed the music . i had a few people snicker and say that the music was silly and outdated , but for the most part , people really seemed to enjoy it and paid less attention to the obvious fact that everyone was crammed in my little place like sardines in a can . what i 'm suggesting is that this music has a lot of heart , a lot of soul , a lot of punch for the buck . if you find yourself listening to the same old music , you might just want to pick up this cd and expose yourself to something so cool , it 's hot
`` the andromeda strain '' may be an antique in science fiction , having been published in <NUM> , but that hardly diminishes its excellence . the caliber of michael crichton 's research is such that i still found the technology and science in the book impressive ( though the computers were obviously dated ) despite the book 's age . the plotline is thrilling , and though some of the scientific and philosophic asides are lengthy , most are equally fascinating . i was slightly disappointed by the ending ; however , the rest of the book was amazing and made the reading worth it
this book is about a skeptical journalist who finds himself on a most revelatory venture when he accompanies ian stevenson , noted reincarnation researcher , on trips to investigate cases . he openly acknowledges his skepticism at the outset , and slowly reveals how he became convinced that there is something going on in the area of reincarnation studies . ian stevenson is very cautious and methodical , rejecting any cases that have even a hint of taint of the subjects . under his exacting criteria , he still finds some cases that simply can not be explained away as products of hoax , inadvertent communication of information , or the great catchall , `` coincidence '' or `` lucky guesses . '' i appreciated how mr. shroder revealed his skepticism and came to an understanding that there is a lot more going on in the universe than what can be explained through traditional approaches to reality
here 's a memorable oscar-winning performance from one of hollywood 's finest actor 's , ronald colman , in a story of jealousy , madness and revenge . in a role that was originally intended for cary grant , colman is excellent as anthony john , a celebrated off-broadway actor who blurs the line between his character , othello , and reality when he starts acting on the murderous impulses of his character . as a psychological melodrama , `` a double life '' undoubtedly stands out as a success . george kukor 's direction is exemplary as he successfully juxtaposes tony john 's real jealousy over his ex-wife 's relationship with edmond o'brien , while mirroring the wracked emotions and madness of shakespeare 's protagonist . colman convincingly protrays tony john 's progressive dementia from the get-go the minute he is offered the part soon after the opening credits roll . for an actor used to playing debonair and swashbuckling heroes in the <NUM> 's this role must have been a challenge for colman , but a welcome one . he brings a nervous intensity to the character of tony john that is never melodramatic but is realistically portrayed . co-written by the talented actress , ruth gordon ( harold & maude ) , `` a double life '' showcases an impressive cast including shelley winters ( in her first professional role ) , ray collins , and signe hasso . the score by miklos rozsa , as well as the screenplay by ruth gordon and garson kanin , are both as memorable as the performances in this remarkable film . this dvd 's transfer is markedly clean and lovingly restored from the original film negative and presented in the original 1.33:1 format in which the the film was initially shot .
this movie is hilarious ! jake gyllenhaal plays , jimmy , a young man who has lived in a bubble all of his life because he has no immunities . when jimmy 's love interest decides to marry someone else , jimmy must cross the country to get to niagra falls to stop the wedding . of course , he meets many new faces and adventures along the way . this movie makes me laugh no matter how crappy the day is so if you are interested in slap stick comedy , buy it and watch it with your friends . jake gyllenhaal is awesome as usual . this actor 's range is impressive .. how 'd donnie darko go from living in a bubble to being a gay cowboy ? it is just neat .
considering that this movie came out in <NUM> , the special effects are n't too bad . the acting is alright , and anyone that understands astronomy would understand many things in this movie just are n't possible . putting that aside , its just a neat old movie , that i had to add to the dvd collection
i love this album . thats all . anyway i can not stop listening to this cd . i listened to this only cd for four straight hours on a roadtrip . i still am not tired of this cd . theres still little lyrics i have missed . if someone reading this does not buy the cd , there is seriously something wrong with you . because its the best cd ever .
we have here <NUM> episodes of the classic tnmt series based on the comic books by peter eastman and kevin lair.more characters are introduced : letherhead the florida swamp alligator , usagi yojimbo a rabbit samurai from another dimension , lotus the female ninja and metalhead a turtle robot created by krang.there are more than <NUM> eps.if lionsgate continue releasing volumes with <NUM> eps each <NUM> or more will be necesary to include all the seasons.will be better release full season sets with <NUM> or <NUM> eps each one.hope they can hear this
this is a great film . probably underrated by `` professional '' reviewers , it 's full of energy , enthusiasm and fun .
ten stars ! ! everyone who has a baby should have this music ! it is especially wonderful for babies with health problems . my son was an absolutely miserable baby due to undiagnosed reflux . 24/7 , if he was n't nursing , he was screaming . i first played this music for him when he was six weeks old . he immediately stopped screaming and the most blissful , peaceful look came over his face as he listened to the heartbeat sound he remembered from his time before birth . when i was pregnant , i had always worried that he was lonely in there , but now i know that unborn children still have one foot in heaven , because i could see that peace and bliss on his face as he remembered . it was wonderful to finally have a way to soothe him and i was so thankful for the music . i used the music very often . when he had to have surgery at <NUM> months of age , we took this music to the hospital and after his operation we played it in his room all night long to keep him settled down . the nurse taking care of him normally worked in the nicu , and he said they played this same music for the very sick and premature babies and the in the nicu because it helps to keep them calm and happy .
man jae millz is like one of my favorite underground rappers of all time . i had most of the mixtapes that have his songs on it . this cd does n't look like a mixtapes to me , it looks like his debut album . i listed to his whole cd and it 's banging . the song `` shadow battling '' samples of special ed song `` special '' on his still got it made album . one time , i thought he was related to jay-z but then i found out that he was n't related to him . somebody need to promote jae millz because this dude can rap ; listen to his rhymes . i saw all his freestyle videos on youtube and some of them were long . some of these rappers these days ca n't even write rhymes . buy this cd to support jae millz
although he had written a number of film scores prior , john williams really began to score as a film composer with star wars . since then he has composed a number of winning film scores , this score from amistad certainly being no exception . as good as the film is , this music is good enough to stand on its own and is worth the listen , even if one has not seen the film
scares me more than any terrorist , earthquake , comet or meteor from space ever could ! as a med student and son and nephew of military doctors this book frightens me much more than my uncle 's stories of viet nam casualties , or my father 's dealings with injury victims in a big city hospital . the coming plague deals with our inability to truly comprehend a global disater out there just waiting to strike . with recent occurences such as marburg 's grip in africa as well as sars , aids continued spread , and bird flu in asia , ordinary citizens and especially governments around the world had better wake up ... seems that is n't happening . even the cdc and who according to some of the early pioneers in the fight against infectious disease , are today filled with pencil pushers , bureaucrats and people that have no field experience . they have lost touch with the real world of microbes . compare them to generals that have never been in any real combat abroad , but are commanding troops . this sobering book reveals that with all of our scientific knowledge and skill , we are not ready for a pandemic in the 21st century . that no we can not totally fend off every serious microbe that comes our way , but that we 'd better be prepared ! suspenseful , heroic , mysterious , unsettling and painfully sad at times , this book is very difficult to put down . the bible of infectious diease . full of astounding information . it is a must read for anyone curious about this monumentally important subject .
this is an enormous work and very important too , and even though it is difficult to present to a & quot ; modern & quot ; mind david frawley has done a great job . the work consists of understanding and interpreting the vedas properly , which are almost 6-7 thousands years old if not more and are written in vedic sanskrit , which again is more complex to understand and interpret than regular sanskrit . this is a book is very important from the point of ancient india 's ( true ) history as well as is extremely important from the point of view of world 's history as we understand today . it is a book that also provides the much-needed encouragement and foundation for anybody seeking a spiritual way of life
the book was exactly received as described.would do business again
this is one of my son 's favorite movies and he lost the vhs tape . this is based on a true story of a military disk jockey in vietnam . he does n't follow the rules and has conflict with his disgruntled commanding officer and gets involved with the local people . one of robyn william 's better works
i agree scarface is very underrated and he should get more credit than he usually gets but yo , he is rich as hell . his albums may not sell as much or get much publicity but he is ceo of def jam south and he is the one who signed ludacris to def jam , so its without a doubt scarface definetely knows how to find talent and make mone
i 've taught this film in colleges for thirty-plus years . even back at the earliest screenings , traditional-aged freshmen had trouble with it ( a ) because it was in b & w , and ( b ) because the dimensional characters did n't telegraph plot advancement but instead used irony , wit , or assumptions that would later be proven wrong by subsequent events . the first of these objections stunned me when they could n't appreciate gene tierney descending the stairs to seduce `` larry '' in a gown relegated to grays . the second objection ( young auduence confusion ) just made me sad about the impact of television ... but you already know that story . as with hollywood 's the picture of dorian gray , released in during the same general period , i personally appreciate the `` epic scope '' of the narrative , enhanced by remarkable set direction detail . and i appreciate even more the depth-of-focus photography in both of these films , which enriches viewing by sharp images at several planes of action within the frame . it 's a story well-told at the visual level . i 've read complaints about tyrone power 's `` dated '' acting in this performance , nightmare alley , etc . but again , i suspect this is from a generation more comfortable with mtv editing than with theatre as an entertainment criterion . power is given a series of difficult monologues to recite about uncinematic spiritual/ philosophical themes , and he pulls each off brilliantly . as with olivier 's opening scene in richard iii , it 's interesting to watch how these monologues have been directed to use a pacing movement of the actor within the frame as a `` paragraphing '' punctuation . the lengthy , uninterrupted takes and consequent fluidity of camera movement within these shots not only enhances the impact of the monologues but also makes sly commentary on characters/ themes as continuous camera includes other characters in medium close-ups . herbert marshall 's maugham is interesting and underplayed almost as masterfully as cedrick hardwicke 's performance of `` goodness personified '' in rope . the close-ups of `` maugham 's '' eyes to communicate ironic plot points may seem obtrusive , but they 're true to maugham 's voice in the novel . further , they emphasize the ill-advised decision to omit this narrator 's perspective in murray 's hapless remake . that later film fails in no small part because the female characters are virtually indistinguishable visually , and because the studio ( which only made the film to entice murray to make ghostbusters ii ) invested no interest in producing a good movie script . pity , since murray could have done okay . two less successful scenes in the 40s version are the `` baby ! '' hospital melodrama and the ashram jehovah sequences ( not including the remarkably visual spiritual moment in the mountains ) . but the supporting cast remains superb throughout -- especially the bracing comedy of webb and lancaster , and the moving subtlety of john payne and lucille watson . tierney 's richest moments are linked to the plot : `` that 's all right , larry . it might be less than a year '' ; the wedding announcement over the phone ; the camera-narrated scene where isabel `` seduces '' larry 's fiancee ; and , of course , the climax with larry at the end . and , by the way , she 's as gorgeous as tyrone power ! how much more value can one expect from an entertainment that succeeds so well with complex , mature themes of spiritual redemption in a society of capitalist myopia ?
i first saw this album in the store and i had never heard of this band before and i thought they looked awesome on the front cover so i took a chance and bought the cd . when i got it home and listened to it for the first time i immediately fell in love with the songs solitaire unraveling , these filthy hands , never let it go , the wrist , the new cult king , and too much nothing . i love how they make <NUM> band members work so uniquely and the two vocalists just put a whole other aspect to their music and separates them from many other bands . i saw the solitaire unraveling video on headbangers ball and i think it is so awesome and shows just how much emotion there is in their music . i would recommend this album to anybody who wants to listen to and a unique and talented band
this collection of short stories was given to me by a good friend . with one or two exceptions , it concerns women confronting decisions - from the most mundane to the fairly serious . what sets these stories apart , in addition to the fine writing style , are the decisions made by these women . they are never politically correct or predictable . at times the reader may find the direction taken by the author to be controversial , even uncomfortable . i know i asked myself during several stories , `` now why the heck would she do that ? '' i suspect that was the point being made by the author and what is the ultimate joy of the book - to force the reader to accept each character as independent of any predispositions by the reader . the author uses sarcasm and more conventional humor where the average reader is least likely to expect it . she takes simple stories and sends them in unexpected directions . my favorite story in the collection was `` i thought you said you love me '' , perhaps because it was the most conventional . that said , `` model job '' was just as enjoyable , but most unconventional . treat yourself to something different and read `` inside out . '' the author is preparing to publish a volume of poetry , which should be a treat indeed !
i had been familiar with the kenny book & quot ; wittgenstein & quot ; and & quot ; wittgenstein 's vienna & quot ; but after having read monk 's vol <NUM> on russell knew this would be an excellent read . oddly enough it left me with the question , & quot ; are geniuses born or made ? & quot ; much of what monk did for us with this book was give us a solid feel for the life of the person within which the philosophy could make sense . why did wittgenstein write the way he did ? answered . what issues drove him ? answered . i would say this book is must reading for a better sense of the man
i really enjoyed this dvd because it had more of the show filmed than in the vhs riverdance - the show . it is a little bit of an annoyance that i have to flip it over in the middle . i definately like colin dunne 's dancing better than michael flateley 's , colin does n't seem to steal the spotlight away from jean butler as much as michael did . it gets my thumbs up
roger michell 's `` the mother '' ranks with `` cries and whispers '' and `` long day 's journey into night '' as one of the most unpleasant , profoundly disturbing portraits of a dysfunctional family ever put on film . it is also undeniably brilliant at showing the frayed knots of family loyalty that only need one good shock to break irrevocably . hanif kureishi -- an old hand at making audiences squirm -- tells the story of may ( anne reid ) , a sixtyish housewife in a semi-rural english town , visiting her children in london with her husband toots ( peter vaughan ) . ten minutes into the movie , toots dies , leaving may totally at a loss . as the film makes plain from the beginning , may 's life has revolved entirely for decades around caring for toots . at first we think the film will be a poignant study of a woman 's grief . may does n't want to go back to her empty house , but her children plainly do n't want her around : her son bobby ( steven mackintosh ) is a cold , self-centered businessman , and her daughter paula ( cathryn bradshaw ) is a needy , whining neurotic who blames her mother for nearly everything that 's gone wrong with her life . we think the story will be about may 's learning to stand up for herself and make a new life . ( when bobby asks may not to be difficult , she stiffens and asks , `` why should n't i be difficult ? '' ) but then may meets darren ( daniel craig ) , paula 's sexy , moody boyfriend and a man half may 's age , and from then on all expectations fly straight out the window and land with a crash . i wish the publicity for the film did n't reveal what happens between may and darren , but even so the impact of it assaults the audience like the punch in the face paula eventually gives may . if the movie were just about an elderly woman 's sexuality , it would n't be so shocking ; what shocks is may 's selfish betrayal of paula , and the brutal fashion in which paula discovers it . at that moment we lose all our moorings as an audience , and have no idea who among the characters to side with , if anyone . we still have sympathy for may -- as we do n't for the patently hateful paula , darren and bobby -- but we also gasp in horror at her heedless behavior , and get an idea why her children turned out the way they did . `` the mother '' is hard to sit through , and also hard to forget .
i was lucky enough meet them and see them perform and these guys are so sweet and have major talent ! my faves off the album are back again , on and on , suzie , six minutes , on my own , and civil sin . the best ones i have on repeat though is ivy parker and shoot me down . i totally love those songs cuz they 're pretty deep . they have more of a hard-fi/bloc party vibe to them too . the big plus to this album to it is their unknown bonus track added onto shoot me down .. that one is definately worth listenin ' to
there comes a point in almost everyones life when we wake up and realize we 're no where close to where we thought we 'd be . i 'm only <NUM> and i have had that day . george ( kevin kline ) has had one too . he 's a forty-ish architech who 's fallen out of touch with his estranged ex-wife and his children , most notably his teenage son . whats worse yet is that , upon realizing his failure as a parent , he finds out that he has n't much time to make it better . he 's been diagnosed with cancer and his time is short . george decides to get to know his son by building his dream home with him . george 's son ( played brilliantly by newcomer hayden christensen , and if you 'd seen chistensen on the tv show higher ground then you already knew he could pull this off ) is far from thrilled about the quality time he 'll be spending with his father and is determined to get out of it , or at least make his father miserable during the process . what 's heartwrenching is that george has n't told anyone about his condition , but once it 's revield you can only imagine the heartache in store for the central charactors , including his ex-wife played by kristin scott thomas . kevin kline gives the performance of his career here , as does christensen who plays the gothic loner prostitute with so much conviction you feel for him every second of this film . as the movie winds down to its tear jerker of an ending you 'll be left wondering if you 've done all you could to be the best father/son/mother/wife/husband you could so that when you pass you 'll be remembered favorably . one can only hope . beautiful film ..
they did a great job and got the book to me really fast , and it was in good condition .
thank you god ! finally , the looong wait is over ! a decent sequel to the first two movies ! laurie strode ( jamie lee curtis ) is back ! she 's <NUM> years older ( yet , still beautiful ) , tougher , and wiser . laurie now works at a private school in california , where she struggles to forget that night in <NUM> . her son john ( josh hartnet ) is enrolled in the same school and must face the very devil that haunts / hunts his mum . though there is a relatively low body count , h2o delivers good suspense and more intelligence than the idiotic sequels 4-6 ( i do n't consider h3 a sequel ) . h2o is the perfect final to the trilogy . unfortunately , halloween resurrection exists now , and i 'm sure that hollywood will crank out fifty more just like it ...
jeff lang gives a fresh and personal voice to the blues . another reviewer complains that he is n't son house or robert johnson and so forth . yeah , this is what ... <NUM> years later ? a blues fan for many years , i get tired of guys that ca n't look beyond their dusty old records and nostalgia for an era that they did n't live in and perhaps did n't quite exist . son house is fine , but he had limited musical talent . jeff is not only technically talented , he brings a fresh personal message into a style that has too long suffered from a lack of innovation
sharkboy and lavagirl is like a painting without 3d glasses . put on the glasses and you experience a magical reality where dreams change your world and where the challenge is to overcome the nightmares . this movie is as much about facing fears and positive thinking as it is about special effects . it is especially impressive in this regard , with witty dialogue and spontaneous and unexpected turns of event . i found lavagirl to be a beautiful character with a loving heart and playful outlook on life . she sometimes forgets her powers and they use this for comic effect . she seems a little lost at first , as if seeking her greater purpose all while enjoying a playful combative interchange with sharkboy . the scenes take place in a school and in a magical dream reality . the characters move from real life to dreams in an instant and you can fall asleep and dream up a new reality in your dreams . it is all very fun and i found myself laughing throughout at the innocent humor and creative surprises . i think adults will get the `` brainstorm '' joke even more than children would and there is plenty of humor for adults and kids to enjoy . i also thought there were some amazingly profound moments during the conversations and if you realize what it would take to say those lines to someone who is a bully , that in itself should impress . on the fun visual side , lands of cookies and milk present culinary adventures as lavagirl , sharkboy and daydreamer max float through a world on a huge chocolate chip cookie . then you have a volcano and worlds of imagination reminiscent of a theme park ride . there is a mildy dark nemesis who is the bully and he aggravates the situation by appearing in max 's dreams . he steals max 's diary . i loved that max had a dream journal and how reading through the journal/diary made his dreams come true . changing the dreams , changed the settings and this presents the challenge . the amazing thing about this movie is how it was inspired by a child 's imagination and when you watch the extras , i think you will be even more impressed . i would love to see more movies like this because it reminds me of the hope we have as children and how we can still dream our worlds into life as adults . i think this movie gives children an empowering message and to be honest , some of the issues discussed in this movie could change a child 's world for the better . max is a great role model and his actions speak of a wisdom far beyond his years . as max learns to navigate his own imagination , he is really teaching children amazing lessons about how to navigate life . highly recommended along with the 3d glasses ! ~the rebecca review
mr. galvan 's writing about a piece of property , at first , seems strange ; however , as you read you become absorbed . he writes of much more than the land , he writes of the people who live that land . it takes a special person to live in the wilds of wyoming , and an extrodinary person to live in the isolated , rugged , raw , and unforgiving areas . this is a book i have given as a gift to many individuals who know what it is truly like to live here in wyoming , want to live here , or seem to possess that independence and creativity needed to live here
the book gives a thorough insight into the making of the most ambitious remaking of roman epic in the 21st century hollywood crowd of sci-fi movies . the pictures and the conceptual sketches really give additional values to the book in satisfying the artistic curiosity of the movie fans . the only drawback is that they did n't put in the complete shooting script a la other pictorial newmarket movie books
i have used this book for years . i lost my copy and am so glad to have it back ! children love to find and count all the dots . then we make our our dot book
i just reread it recently as an adult . i had this boxed set of three hardcover e.b . white books when i was a kid - charlotte 's web , the trumpet of the swan ( which i remember as my favorite of the three , though i hardly remember it today ) , and stuart little . i was so happy when the cheap paperback they ordered here was the same printing - same illustrations and everything . anyway , coming back to it as an adult ( or sort of adult ) was surprising - it was so beautifully laid out , the tone , the story , the dark deep themes - as a short novel , it stands with the best of literature . i know there 's no such thing as a `` perfect '' novel , but as far as any literary criteria can be applied , it is absolutely beautiful - symmetrical in all the right places , gentle as it deals with the harshness of life , all the dark undertones - the sheep in the background with their collective understated cruelty , templeton the amoral hedonist , the cruelty of time that makes little girls grow up - and yet somehow tenderness persists . it 's elegant and real and cosmic and full of quaint americana . certainly not only for children . a fine novel by any standards
in this collection of <NUM> short stories by everyone 's favorite boogeyman stephen king , there is a one particular story in here called `` <NUM> '' that is in my honest opinion , the scariest short story that king has published to date . it deals with a haunted hotel room and i 'm not telling you anymore than that . what i will say is that i 've read this one story at least ten times and it never fails to make the hairs on my neck stand straight up . if you , dear amazon shopper , like the feeling of being terrified this is what i suggest : get your hands on a copy of this book . when you 've done that , make sure you save `` <NUM> '' for a night that you 're alone . try to read this one when you 're nice and relaxed and really try to let yourself get immersed in king 's masterful storytelling . i guarantee that at least nine out of ten of you that follow my suggestions will get spooked something awful . as for the rest of the book , it really is a return to form for king as far as his short story collections go ( `` nightmares and dreamscapes '' , the book and not the tnt series , was n't all that great save for a couple ) . most of the stories here are hits rather than misses and `` <NUM> '' is n't the only story here that will give you the chills . `` the man in the black suit '' is pretty intense ( not to mention king won an o. henry award for that one ) . `` riding the bullet '' , the famed e-book from a few years back is here also , as well as a nice little side tale from the dark tower series titled `` the little sisters of eleuria '' . i recommend this book to the fans and the non-fans alike as this is a great collection . plus , `` <NUM> '' is calling
i just finished watching the dvd . i was in college when the show first came out so i watched it sporadically and missed a lot . the second season is better than the second and really solidifys the show as a classic . the writing gets even better , as does the acting and the story lines . i slowly became more absorbed in the show and am dying for the third season to be released . i see that it was supposed to be released already and hope it will be soon .
originally released in <NUM> , dark tranquility 's skydancer remains a masterpiece . along with at the gates , in flames , carcass , death and edge of sanity , dark tranquility created the genre known as melodic death metal . everything expected of a good melodic death album is here . aggresive sounds juxtaposed with acoustic parts , an inteligent concept and growled vocals . mikeal stanne is one of the only vocalists who can sound pissed off and peaceful all at the same time . many of the ideas such as using female vocals for different effects were way ahead of their time as well . ca n't give a perfect rating though because while it 's original , the production is n't very well done and they had n't quite hit the peak of their skills yet
the successful companies are not afraid to confront the problem when it arises and discuss it rationally . even though directed more toward a business or office atmosphere , the same techniques can be applied to family and friends . the example stories cover a broad array of possible circumstances , which will help when conversations turn crucial ( or critical ) . the chapters flow well , with a touch of humor . the skills can be easily learned . chapters 1-2 are an introduction ; chapters 3-9 details how to use each skill ; chapters 10-12 is a summary and contains advanced study tools . the authors believe good communication skills ( talking , listening and acting together ) start with the heart . to some these skills may seam obvious , but they are also meant to boost or to rid ourselves of years of bad habits . they will then become more conscience as practiced . first is to recognize we need this book . then we need to utilize it and build our communication skills to make them habits . i believe it is safe to say that most who pick this book up will come away with an improvement in some area . `` to improve is to change ; to be perfect is to change often '' -- - winston churchil
what i find so amusing from some of the one star reviews is the assertion that mr. moore used creative editing of this movie to somehow distort the facts , and therefore the entire premise and basis of this documentary is null and void . the man is not only making a video to entertain you ( and this is wildly entertaining , in a factual and hilarious way ) but it also rests in an unarguable fact , the closure of the gm plants in flint michigan and the devastating impact it brought with it . whether or not you like they style of moore 's presentation , it is witty , backed by appropriately titled music and shows the almost incomprehensible response on the part of the city of flint at this loss of future revenue ( or , more bluntly , its threatened economic survival ) and in the joining the impact that corporate america can have on the lives of its citizens and the coldly calculated , dollars and cents approach to the bottom line , moore succeeds in showing the viewer how both work with each other , as you often can not have one without having both .
it was pretty tedious to read , but there were many points well taken and it was overall a very good , informative boo
market wizards defines the wiinning behaviour and trading approaches needed by serious traders . although the trading styles may be different , there is similarity between the psychological behaviour of all the winning traders jack schwager interviews . its the responses of the winning traders and their advice that is priceless
i can not state more emphatically that sunset rubdowns album is my pick for album of the year , not just for how surprisingly good it is to anyone that enjoyed wolf parade 's incredible debut but because it is simply inspiring from start to finish . as a whole this is the most delightful kind of album , the one you wish everyone 's side-band would put out to keep the enthusiasm going . the fact that it will remain under almost everyone 's radar is not entirely bad , as it leaves it open for discovery many , many years down the road
this movie is about celebi captured by the iron masked maruder . when sam finds himself almost concius inside a twig monster , there goes it ! and he just evolved a huge mtagross into bad monsters . how did celebi get caught ? even it 's so powerful , it ca n't be captured by a master ball . it 's caught by a dark ball ! nothing is known about 'em . see ? look : deatails : type : ? ? ? ? ? ? ability ? ? ? ? ? ? ? strength ? ? ? ? ? ? ? and then , the iron masked maruder is a part of team rocket ! the boy half of team rocket is : james ! he got knocked off a branch , with the other team rocket members , jessie and meowth . also fellow trainers , misty , ash , brock and pikachu got knocked off . and sam finds himself in a forest full of butterfree with stun spores ! but will ash and sam stop the iron masked maruder ? pikachu also has a hide - and - seek game in the bonus movie , but his whole crowd of pokemon playing are interupted by a huge mowing machine pushed by meowth.after that , he pushed along and falls into a chimney.but the mowing machine popped his ballon off with wobbuffet ! the pokemon are chased in a hedge maze by the huge mowing machine . the pokemon threw the mowing machine into water , but it came back up , chasing them . they tried their attacks , but it would not work . see my pokemon <NUM> review
my family enjoyed goblet of fire -- my <NUM> year old said it was the scariest hp yet . i thought that the director did well to abridge the quidditch cup . we 've seen a lot of quidditch over the course of the earlier movies . they did add some neat new effects with the magical fireworks and the card show supporting the bulgarian team . played nicely against teenage love was hagrid 's infatuation with the giant headmistress of beauxbatons -- a head taller than hagrid , if that 's possible . i think that emma watson will have the best career of the young stars of the cast -- she 's growing up to be a beautiful young woman -- both my daughter and i thought her ball dress was stunning . ron and harry will have to fight not to be stereotyped after seven hp movies , if they go that far . one thought i had about ms. rowling 's message was that it might be about the hell we put our young children through in the name of `` healthy '' competition . then again , she might just be telling a story .
by the time that you get too the 2nd track on 'the red sea'it is too late .. you are quickly subjected to unmercyful desolet fury ... i can not express enough , the hoplessness , and desperic rage that this song displays ! ! ! the vocals are so incredible it sends me into a barbaric slam groove frenzy every time i hear it .. this song has the most pummeling crushing spiteful slamming hatered filled breakdowns of any band in the scene .. long live sludge cruch slam groove hatered .. ! ! ! i rate this album <NUM> stars ! ! ! !
i could spend a paragraph or two telling you what the plot/story of this movie is about . or you could read any one of the hundreds of other reviews for this film , and find out that way . most of you probably know it by now , as it is . a few good men is on my ( and my wife 's ) list of top ten movies of all time .... with plenty of good reasons . as it has been said in many other reviews , the acting in this film ( from all the supporting actors as well ) is excellent . the story is good too .... very interesting , actually . it would be easy to look at this movie as simply a `` blockbuster '' kind of movie .... which , essentially , it is . it 's got a-list talent in front of , and behind the camera .... it made a hell of alot of money at the box office , so yes it 's a `` blockbuster '' . but it 's also a damn good story , as mentioned before . another thing i liked about this movie , was the fact that the writers avoided any romantic involvement between tom cruise and demi moore 's characters .... something most other films on this scale would have done . and i know it 's been said in many other reviews , but i 'm going to say it again anyway .... jack nicholson really is the cornerstone of this movie . no , not because of that famous `` you ca n't handle the truth .... '' line . but because his acting really is that good . it seems so natural . his mannerisms are so natural , that he could pass for a real life military leader .... i am in the military myself , so i can vouch for this . and even though this movie is over two hours , i was never once bored .... you wo n't be either
evolutionist <NUM> : gee ... how can we vent our frustration over the truth in this book ? evoultionist <NUM> : you mean .... you actually read the book ... you 're not just panicking blindly ? ? ? evoultionist <NUM> : well ... i did n't read it all ... just some quotes on the internet ... evolutionist <NUM> : ok .... so ... how do we censor these scientists and academics ... make sure that noone actually reads these books ? i mean ... this is a free country ... we ca n't just burn the books or get the the government to conceal the truths in these books from children ! ! ! evolutionist <NUM> : well ... we 're working on that last one ... evolutionist <NUM> : i got it ! why do n't we just make fun of the whole lot of anti-evolutionists using straw men and petty sarcasm ! noone will ever see through that as a feeble self-righteous attempt to keep people 's heads buried in the sand ! after reading our pseudo-review , people will have to continue worshipping naturalist saints and those yet to come that will prove evolution against all the current evidence ! evolutionist <NUM> : you 're right ! instead of actually reading the books , we could could spend hours of our own free time writing these false reviews all over the internet ! we 're prophets of darwin , gould , and dawkins ! evolutionist <NUM> : wait ... wo n't the intelligent design people just censor us or try to make us look stupid ? evolutionist <NUM> : oh no ... do n't worry about that ... we control the mass media and the schools ... and , as for making us look stupid ? i think we 're doing a pretty good job of making ourselves look stupid , do n't you ? ? ? evolutionist <NUM> : uhh .... i do n't get it
i was only casually aquainted with mary chapin carpenter 's music before picking up this album . the hits i knew were all here , and so was a lot more material i have come to love as well . i was a bit leery that & quot ; down at the twist and shout & quot ; was a live version from the super bowl ; this song was the primary reason i wanted a mcc album , and i was concerned a live version recorded in a stadium during the super bowl might be of inferior recording quality . but i need n't have worried , the sound is great , and the performance is energetic and fun , with a verse in creole thrown in for good measure . & quot ; this shirt & quot ; is probably my favorite track i was unfamiliar with , but the entire album is quality ; there are very few 17-track albums by any artist where i can say i enjoyed every song . i now look forward to exploring her original albums . i highly recommend this album to anyone looking for an introduction to this great artist
as an academic , i 'm supposed to tell you how snyder destroyed romero 's original message about consumerism . and i 'm supposed to tell you that he rewrote one of the most important lines of the film : when asked why the zombies are flocking to the mall , stephen replies , `` some kind of instinct . memory , of what they used to do . this was an important place in their lives . '' synder 's alteration is a bastardization of the original . . . and lacks `` punch . '' but , seriously , who cares ? ! ! the fact of the matter is . . . i love this film ! the casting was fantastic ! ! rhames brings depth to a character in which few actors could find depth ( he portrays a stoic police officer who 's brother is trapped on an infected military-base ) . this man is a legend ! ! likewise polly and weber add `` soul '' to this film about the `` souless '' ( their characters find love amidst the bloody carnage . . . and , yes , it sounds cheesy , but it is low-key , well-done ) . furthermore , burrell 's character is wonderfully unlikeable ( though it is the `` apocalypse , '' he still believes that his bank-account grants him privilege ! you actually find yourself hoping that this guy will die ! ! ) finally , kelly 's portrayal of cj is genuinely complex . . . watch for a great `` fifth-act conversion '' ! ! what really engaged me in this film was the cinematography . while a film need not have a huge budget to be a success , this film proves that it does n't hurt either ! ! the film quality is top-notch ! ! the helicopter shots are gorgeous ! ! and the use of color is exquisite . if you want to see a beautifully rendered horror-film , this is it ! ! the conclusion is disheartening ( without revealing too much information ) . it marks a new trend in horror . now , the `` real '' conclusion is couched in the credits . . . which reveals the director 's hesitance ( and , no , it 's not a tactic to make the audience watch the credits ) . it is radically different from the <NUM> ending . some people love it . . . some hate it . ( we have also seen this `` problem '' with boyle 's <NUM> days later . . . in america we received the `` happy '' ending and weeks later , the `` unhappy '' ending . . . directors rightly fear to offer a genuinely dark ending . . . it will be interesting to watch how this trend evolves ! ! ) hey , even if you do n't dig close-examination of film ( not everyone does ! ! ) and just want a great action movie . . . this is it ! ! it will not disappoint ! ! ! and prepare for synder 's new film : <NUM> ! ! it looks dazzling !
as a collector , i love the quality presentation of this set of <NUM> stories . as a fan of the ducks , i just love the stories , and the superb art work . i was kind of sure that i had seen the cover art under another name , something like the `` duck family album '' but thats not too significant , since the art-work presents the characters from inside the set of stories . probably the best thing in the structure of the stories is the way each layer flows into continuous action . `` mocking bird ridge '' shows classic donald , the wily gladstone gander , the nephews , all pitted against the ever money-wise uncle scrooge . of course , few are the times that scrooge loses out ( since , as everyone knows , his lucky `` number one '' , takes care of his money skills ) .it 's a classic setup , with a wonderful denoument . `` a sticky situation '' ; i must admit to having no immediate memory of this great story . the nieces look like they are early on in their design phase , but appear to be a parallel to the nephews . the only similar story i was aware of is a diary narrative , same as this story , done as an animated valentines day special . it 's massive fun , and shows daisy and the nieces in full form , with daisy 's come-uppance against donald being perfect poetic justice . the `` grandma duck '' story is a great venue down on the farm , with gus goose being the prime mover , as always , by almost total accident . it 's a great story with a totally sweet , but not saccharine , ending . `` jonah gyro '' : this is a variation on a theme that gyro has done at other times , but the fishing technology he develops not only has the other fishermen jealous and angry , but provides for a hilarious series of events for the masterful gyro , who proves that if he can , he will , and you will be entertained by it ! ! ! `` go slowly sands of time '' : absolutely superb in every way . a brilliant story that has the ducks cross the world , and only to discover that they had the secret right at home ; as ever , the fun is in the journey , and this is another part of a great set . the paper is first rate . the binding is great , and the quality in all respects is tops . a great buy for anyone who wants to keep this material for a long time ... another great reprint of the gladstone title . [ also : kudos to amazon ! ! ! i ordered this on friday the 4th of november , and it arrived tuesday 9th november . totally awesome delivery time , and is getting consistent for amazon . both of the items including this comic , arrived in great condition , and considering it was usps , intact ! ! maybe i got lucky , but it 's stuff like this that give me a better experience cost and value wise than any other local shop around ... thanks amazon ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i love all of sandra felton 's books and this one is no exception ! this is a handy little guide with great ideas and practical suggestions i can easliy start putting into place now . my life is really changing ( slowly ) after reading sandra 's `` messies manual '' and other books
this is a slim , lush novel set on fire island in the <NUM> 's , and written years before the plague of aids . its subject is the intoxicating , intimidating , seductive , and ultimately cruelly destructive hip gay demimonde : the ruling class there -- and its & quot ; subjects. & quot ; gifted and kind-hearted novelist-critic-memoirist-teacher edmund white 's first novel , and the one that got him noticed , then praised by nabokov and many others . it describes a lost world , but has much to say about the one remaining . beautifully constructed and definitely worth reading
i honestly dont understand why does every artist in electronic music trying to change so much . take for example ferry corsten ... what happened to his beautiful tear-jerking tunes back when right of way was in . if you ever saw him , you 'd know how incredibly tallented he is . now he , as many others , have jumped on teh pop based train . tiesto , definitely puts a nice show on with his epic trance set presented on this cd .... however , like many say , i really miss his <NUM> <NUM> days ... if you ever heard a live set from those days , definitely his <NUM> dvd-s ... now that is quality . as far as sound production , mad props to the sound engineers ... by far it is the clearest highest quality sounding cd i have ever heard . song selection wise , hmmm as always , i could pick better , but i guess everyone has a different style , in what they like . i still stand by saying , go see the man live !
i am loving this one ! most every song is a `` keeper '' and they all make me want to dance .
what can i say about ernie pyle ? one of the most well-known correspondents in wwii , he wrote with an empathy for the common infantryman that transcended his simple , eloquent prose . `` brave men '' is a collection of the articles he wrote while covering the war in sicily , italy , england , and france . exceedingly modest , pyle always downplayed his role while extolling the infantry fighting on the front lines , his beloved `` dogfaces . '' pyle may not have thought that he was doing anything of importance , yet his articles served to bring the war home to an american public that was being fed a somewhat sugar coated version of the war by the government ; in turn , the gi 's loved pyle as one of their own . he immortalized as many of them as he could in his articles , stating the names of the many men with whom he had contact , and often their full home address for good measure . he shared many of their hardships on the front lines , and now , more than <NUM> years later , his articles offer an insight into wwii for today 's readers that is as poignant now as it was then . he makes the reader feel as if we know these men personally-they are our fathers , grandfathers , brothers , neighbors , friends . impossible to put down , this book is the enduring legacy of a great man whose life ended much too soon ( after surviving the european theater , he traveled to the pacific at the request of the navy , where a japanese sniper took his life on the tiny island of ie shima , just off the coast of okinawa ) ; i would recommend this book to everyone i know with an interest in wwii
as the title suggests , this is ice-t 's return . but the return to exactly what ? it could be viewed as either the return to the forefront of hip-hop , or the return to his roots , end of the 80s style of hip-hop . while i 'm sure ice thought of the former , the resulting album does n't quite achieve any of the two `` return to '' targets . there are two very notable changes in ice-t style here . first is in the lyrics department . while ice is as intelligent and witful as ever , he has toned down his verses a lot . gone is the almost uncontrolled aggression of `` home invasion '' . instead we have mostly slow to mid-tempo tracks , most of which deal with the topics of either rap game and its rules , or warns against being a gangster . this change is quite understandable for a man about to turn <NUM> years old . the lyrics are mostly good and to the point . though i must admit i still find the <NUM> love ballads here to be somewhat out of place . the other notable change is in the music . it has advanced from basic beats and noises towards more rich soundscape . most of the tracks , especially the slower ones , attempt to develop a feeling of uneasiness and tension , and most of the times it works . so why do i think this album is one more step on the way down ? because taken as a whole , it lacks the focus and a sense of general direction that `` o.g . '' maintained perfectly . not a single time did i cringe , realizing that this or that track is just a filler ( `` forced to do dirt '' , anyone ? ) . another turn off might be that old-school feeling of the whole attempt , which simply sounds out of tune with the general development of rap . clearly ice-t wanted to put himself back in the game . but as much as i respect his previous efforts , more often than not i vision a man in his late 30s who is generally unsure as to what kind of music really works in <NUM> , and his songs often sound strained and entirely forced out . that being said , for long time fans , which i am one of , this is generally a nice little album , that is worth to be listened to occasionally . but it 's far from being a mandatory purchase
this is the first t.m.r . cd i ever bought and it truly made me into a fan . it 's got great upbeat songs like abort//clear and out of orbit and classics like invoke ( gundam seed ) and heart of sword ( rurouni kenshin ) . he has a truly unique voice and can really touch your soul . ( even if you ca n't understand what he 's saying , it 's cool . go look for translations then ! ) anyway , i reccomend this cd to any jpop or jrock fan . he truly is a great artist that i think you 'll enjoy time and time again . 5stars baby <NUM> stars ! holla
this has to be one of van damme 's top <NUM> movies . there is plenty of action and excitement that will make you want to watch it over and over again . natasha henstridge is down right sexy and georgeous . she played a perfect role in this movie . the movie was well-acted and thought it deserved a <NUM> star . this movie is a must-own on dvd . the sound quality is great as well as the picture . * van damme kicks plenty of ..
rarely is there a book that i can not put down , this was an exception . quite a suspensfull page turner . any book that can draw you in and you can visualize the characters and the scenery is excellent and this book did that . i would have given it <NUM> stars , but i do not like romance blended in with any suspense novel , that 's just my taste . by far , however , one of the best books i have read in a long time
an amazing singer ! she is fantastic and the entire album is wonderful . great selection for lovers of flamenco and spanish music
one of the best i 've ever read . i had a hard time putting it down .
youthful praise has once again proved to be a dominant force in the gospel industry ! the cd is filled with so many inspirational songs , incredible choir harmony , amazing soloist , and slamming music . they have grown and gotten so much better since the very uplifting `` awesome god '' debut albu
my favorite songs are `` she really wants you '' , `` video '' , and `` little bombs '' . excellent album . her 2nd best beside bachelor no.2
jesus & amp ; mary chain have <NUM> sets of fans , those who like the feedback drenched & quot ; psychocandy & quot ; . and the rest of us , who like everything after . & quot ; automatic & quot ; is full of <NUM> 's - <NUM> 's guitar style rockers played in the jmc way . perhaps , one little flaw is the drum machine . but you ca n't deny the sheer power of & quot ; her way of praying & quot ; , & quot ; coast to coast & quot ; , & quot ; blues from a gun & quot ; and the classic & quot ; head on & quot ; . without all the feedback , the songs really come out ! they made it a point to stray away from & quot ; psychocandy & quot ; 's sound alltogether and sort of reinvented themselves , pissing off their early fans . ( like the reviewer before me ) . the band made that very clear with the title of their next great album & quot ; honey 's dead & quot ; in <NUM> . get it
first , i must say that the previous reviewer shuns the author 's decision to include other books as recommended reading , yet i find that when an author does this , they are helping the reader truly expand on the subject , and it shows that the author is secure enough to not feel that their way is the only way . this book has been the most helpful book for me to learn the tarot , and about myself and friends/family . there 's a bit of numerology in it , and some lessons that are fun to do , at the same time , these teach more about the cards . i would recommend this book to novices and skilled alike
this book threads the fine line between the laymen and the professional . just the right amount of info without getting stuck in specialization on any one beast
i went on my lunch break to the local radio store as i usually do to purchase music . i had been meaning to replace my other shirley murdock cd 's that ungrateful people refused to return , but when i saw the greatest hits cd , i snatched it quick , fast , and in a hurry ! ! ! ! it had everything ! ! ! ! ! when i heard `` go on without you , i was at work , and the only thing stopping me from letting my co-workers sample my voice was the fact that i need my money ! ! ! ! ! my eyes filled with tears because music just doesnt get any better than what that sista did to me at that moment ! ! ! i love it and i cant wait for that drive home so i can let all of houston hear it . if you collect old school music -- -this one is a must have ! ! ! ! ! ! ! how bout ' that ! ! ! ! !
like most people , i 've been torn between london and broadway for a while . i 'll admit , i 'm fond of both london and broadway , but some songs i like on broadway more than london , and vice versa . however , when i bought the australian recording , it turned into my favorite cats recording , hands down . they have every song in there , ( growltiger 's last stand , and battle of the pekes and pollicles ) anyhow , here 's my biased opinion on which of the three recordings dominate in certain songs . overture - the overture is pretty much the same jellicle song for jellicle cats - london naming of cats - australia invitation to the jellicle ball - broadway old gumbie cat - london but australia 's is pretty darn good rum tum tugger - i 'm not very fond of london 's version or broadway 's . i 'd have to say australia , but broadway is just as good . grizabella - london bustopher jones - london mungojerrie and rumpleteazer - australia . this version has a very interesting mungo and rumpel old deuteronomy - london or broadway jellicle ball - london grizabella : the glamour cat - tie memory - okay , elaine paige is about as good as it gets . but debbie byrne from australia delivers a heart felt memory also . gus : the theatre cat - australia growltiger 's last stand/the ballad of billy mccaw - all are good macavity : the mystery cat - australia mr. mistoffelees - australia . the australian rum tum tugger is a lot better . and while i 'm a huge sarah brightman fan , and you can hear her overpowering in this song , i still say australia wins here . memory - moment of truth . i love elaine paige . her memory is as good as it gets . however , some would say that elaine 's version is too soft and sweet , and is n't bitter and cold enough . this song could go both ways . betty buckley certainly expressed rage and power in this song , but maybe too much . in my personal opinon , elaine 's version is too soft , and buckley 's version is too cold . debbie byrne is a perfect medium , and she expresses remorse , sorrow , pain , anger , and loneliness in perfect harmony . i 'd have to say australia . journey to the heaviside layer - not much of a difference . tie between all three . ad-dressing of cats - broadway . thank god for ken page
this is the best film i '' ve seen in my life . i hope there '' s a prequal . i have it on <NUM> dvds . its brilliant
great introductory book . besides just the rules , it also includes basic strategy and tactics
what a record ! this is my favorite recording and context for his playing ( and i have heard all he 's recorded for the public ) . so very very good : i just got it yesterday and i ca n't take it off . the title cut ( which [ is it just me ? ] rings of goodbye pork pie hat ) , is alone worth whatever price you have to pay . hats off to jorge rossy too ( as always ) . seriously , i hope he explores the trio setting again and again in what is sure to be a long career . it is so rare these days to hear a voice like this , where you know instantly that you 're hearing a guy in for the long haul ! beautiful
i 've been studying pilates and gyrotonics for six years with some of the top instructors in nyc but with the increasing popularity of pilates , the sessions have gotten absurdly expensive , which is why i wanted to try a dvd . i have never been one to work out in my home , but ths is truly an amazing workout and not only have i saved so much money by doing this dvd instead of my beloved studio sessions , but i 'm able to incorporate it into my busy schedule and do it much more often than i ever could with the sessions . as the reviews before me have indicated , the dvd is broken up into four segments that each target a specific area , but i think that 's slightly misleading . while about sixty or seventy percent of the exercises in each section do target the area they are labeled under , each section also contains a variety of stretches and counter-workouts as well , which make for a more overall workout , whether you 're doing one section or four at a time . for instance , in the section entitled `` abs '' you 'll also find exercises that strengthen the back muscles and legs . therefore , you 're able to get a lot of variety and a great overall workout ! * * * * * * note : i recommend this highly for intermediates and advanced students of pilates , but not for beginners ! ! ! in order to do these exercises correctly , you must know the basic pilates foundation such as pelvic placement , breathing techniques , and proper alignment . if you are attempting these exercises as a beginner , they may seem straightforward , but without the proper foundation and knowledge ( which is not explained ) , you may not be doing the exercises properly and worse , could get hurt . * * * * * * * for those who are newer to pilates , i would recommend perhaps watching the video first , as it moves at what i would consider a fast intermediate pace .
we use this book in service dog dog when some puppies never out grow their aggressiveness . cick and treat is used in every phase of the dogs learning in school so it was not surprising it was being in healing aggression . it has helped my personal pet , a cocker spaniel , as well as dogs in service dog school as well
my friend marc and i used to take trips to the old coastal bunkers all around the san francisco bay area to map them out . the first thing we would do when hopping into the car was stick the slider in the <NUM> track . now admittedly , the lyrics were nonsensical and silly , but the sound was so catchy , that in no time we 'd be singing along with them . the sound was just so unique and riveting , that we 'd listen over and over . point is , this album will give bring back memories if you grew up in that era , and will give you an idea of what it was really like growing up in the <NUM> 's
you know it 's going to be a bad day when you need two boxes of matzah on the night of the first seder . sure enough , a family 's biggest problems come to light during the passover seder as they try to get through the `` world 's fastest passover seder , '' which turns out anything but . instead of rock 'n roll , prepare for sex , drugs and zany antics of the jewish kind . ira and peggy stuckman ( michael lerner and lesley ann warren ) head the diverse blended family consisting of a son addicted to drugs and dad thinks he cured him ; a yuppie-turned-hassidic son who wo n't work with dad in his christmas ornament business ; a daughter who is a sex therapist and dad knows it ; a daughter who is a lesbian from ira 's first marriage ; and an autistic son . bring together a family like that , and you know it 's not going to be an ordinary or speedy seder . ira and his father artur ( jack klugman ) lost most of their family during the holocaust . grandpa is still angry with ira for not going into the family haberdasher business and makes him feel like the least favorite despite of being the only surviving child . still , ira urges his hassidic son to go into the christmas ornament business . out of respect for her recently turned hassidic son , peggy hires rafi , a tough-looking israeli with an eye patch , to build the tent so the family can hold a seder like the old days complete with pillows and lamb roasting on a spit . before the seder begins , the drug addict fetches antacid for dad and adds ecstasy to give him a different perspective . that 's only the beginning of the family 's journey as dad starts seeing things including moses and starts believing he , like moses , must lead the family out of darkness into the promised land of acceptance and forgiveness . though a spoof-style comedy , the story intertwines humanity and lessons without an overdose of sweetness . the family gathering can easily be seen as a thanksgiving gathering , a christmas dinner or any other family get-together where members clash over who they are and what they want others to be . when do we eat ? rolls humor , quirkiness , jewish traditions , inspiration , spirituality and a dysfunctional family into a 90-minute funfest . do n't expect it to be the funniest movie ever . if you 're ok with jewish and drug humor , prepare for a good time as the movie contains plenty of laugh-a-lot moments and plenty of witty and animated dialogue . extras : not captioned or subtitled
got a great book the other day called the medici effect : what elephants & epidemics can teach us about innovation by frans johansson . it about what happens when you step into that area called the intersection ... contents : part <NUM> - the intersection : the intersection - your best chance to innovate ; the rise of intersections part <NUM> - creating the medici effect : break down the barriers between fields ; how to make the barriers fall ; randomly combine concepts ; how to find the combinations ; ignite an explosion of ideas ; how to capture the explosion part <NUM> - making intersectional ideas happen : execute past your failures ; how to succeed in the face of failure ; break out of your network ; how to leave the network behind ; take risks and overcome fear ; how to adopt a balanced view of risk ; step into the intersection notes ; index ; about the author the medici effect is all about the intersection of ideas , cultures , disciplines , and strategies in new and previously unexplored ways . the term comes from the medici family in florence italy in the 15th century . a convergence of thinkers and doers all converged on florence , which became ground zero for the renaissance period . new concepts thrived in that environment where people were learning and listening to each other , breaking out of their own fields to combine ideas into revolutionary new areas of study . johansson asserts ( and correctly so , in my opinion ) that innovation thrives in these `` intersections '' that are missed by many , but offer the best chance for breaking away from the `` same old thing '' . the book is extremely practical , in that all the chapters are driven by real-life examples of these intersectional thinkers . you 'll see how richard garfield combined the idea of collectables and gaming to come up with the mega-hit card game magic : the gathering . the singer shakira takes musical styles from widely different cultures and combines them into a sound that is all her own ( and very popular to boot ) . eric bonabeau studied the activities of ants searching for food and applied the observations to network routing and scheduling . these and many other examples show how being a generalist ( or at least open to other fields ) can lead to connections not possible for highly specialized thinkers . johansson lays out steps you can take to place yourself in that constant flow of ideas , so that you can start seeing new possibilities in rather mundane unrelated things . i was very impressed with this book , and have already started to look at events and ideas in a different light . i 'd recommend this read for anyone looking to spur their creativity beyond the norm ...
finally , a sophisticated adult movie without the mindless violence and language prevailent in most current movies . the interplay between the main characters is a joy , and , accompanied with a sharp dialogue . i wish they would make more movies like this . if you like this movie , checkout `` roughcut '' .
jinichi tokeshi provides a succinct albeit comprehensive guide to kendo and all that is entails . it begins with a short history of kendo in an effort to familiarize the reader with the origins of the & quot ; sport & quot ; . tokeshi then spends some time on the necessities such as equipment and the correct manner in which to wear the kendogi and bogu ! he also pays strict attention to appropriate etiquette and behaviour . the book deals with the movements , strikes , general philosophy , rules , regulations and ends with short biographies on historically significant samurai/kendo masters ! all in all the book amicably demonstrates the & quot ; elements , rules , and philosophy & quot ; of kendo and as a new student to the japanese art of fencing it has proved indispensable
when tru calling 's pilot started i originally thought , `` well , this show will be cancelled soon '' . it was messy , unoriginal & kinda lame . but that 's how it was supposed to start . then the 2nd episode was more believable & was a little better in every area that pilot lacked ! & from then to the middle of the season , it had its high points & its lows , closure being one of my fav episodes ! then , enter jason priestley as jack , i 'm thinking , why on earth is he on this show ? they must be desperate or something . but his character suddenly started making the show more interesting , things started moving faster & the show became darker , there were more things going on in the episodes & by the finale , tru calling hit its high point ! everything was looking good for the show ! but had they started out that good , maybe fox would 've gave it a better promotion . one of my fav moments is in death becomes her when jack saves harrison 's car by calling the thief 's bluff . & from that moment , you have to know there 's something up with jack . especially after the audience presumably found out that he got a girl to commit suicide by making a phone call to her parents telling them about her constant gambling . & then with some help from tru , davis has to re-find out what he did on day one & tell her that jack also relives days which in the next episode we find out why . he 's there to stop her ! & after getting luc ( mat bomber ) killed , he takes a vacation & hopes that tru will stop saving lives that are suppose to die . but tru does n't give up & when jack comes back , things start getting tricky . perfect storm- 5/5 jack 's return makes it difficult for her to save the life of a cop who died in a white squal but jack sending her back out in the water at night makes it even harder after davis saved her the first time by making a `` phony '' phone call . & davis gets a replacement psychiatrist & things do n't go so well with her . grace- 5/5 jack sets tru up for murder & things hit rock-bottom before they get better for her . in the dark- 4/5 in one of the more obvious deaths for the viewers anyway , tru is forced to figure out who died after a party is thrown by her brother at the morgue . jack keeps tru on her feet & makes her go on a wild goose chase . the last good day- 5/5 my fav episode of tru calling . everything changes when jack gets asked for help from a girl who commited suicide . now the only question was , why ? & why does the relive day feel so cold to tru ? enough- 5/5 tru crosses the line when she tries to save life of her boyfriend jensen as jack tries to stop her & even davis warns her of the reprecussions of saving the life of someone who does n't ask for her help . she should n't be able to choose , it 's up to fate . but she does n't listen & something severe does happen in return . twas the night before xmas , again- 4/5 harrison finds out about his dad 's alliance with jack but before he warn tru , her day restarts . tru reluctantly lets jack help her in solving a murder case possibly after an old cadaver asks for help . it 's an ok ending cause it at least it is n't a cliff hanger but it 's a shame it did n't get a whole season & stupid shows that should n't be around cause their just getting stupid ( cough * the oc * cough ) are still on ? ? ? but fox screwed tru calling , see my review for the first season for more about how ticked off i am at fox , lol . plus some features on the show & i think anyone should get into this show ! the second season could 've been so great had they had a whole season ! these six episodes are worth your money just the same ! a memorable show too bad it was n't given a real chance cause it did become something great !
this recording will ground you to the earth , reconnect you with the soil you came from . there are many fine , beautiful compositions here . i listen to them while bathing , along with the music i use oils , incense and candles , it is a preparatory ritual . the beginning vocal track & quot ; omiya & quot ; is an uplifting spiritual piece from the heart . another fabulous composition is & quot ; red hibiscus on skin & quot ; a soft synth track with flute and other instrumentation . & quot ; biki is insulted & quot ; is a heavy drum laden warrior piece with accompanying vocals which sound similar to a tribal chorus . & quot ; a cry from the heart & quot ; is a somber and compelling layered male vocal piece complete with deep space atmosphere , it is the introspective 'dark night of the soul ' experience . i must add that it was quite some time until i actually appreciated the majority of kama sutra . you may have to let it sink in also . when you are sinking into your hot bath water allowing your heavy oils to penetrate your senses , it will happen . it is most proper to use oils that correlate well with this recording , such as sandalwood , patchouli or dr. singha 's mustard bath ( i use this product ) . enjoy this life-altering music
truman capote ( 1924-1984 ) was born in new orleans to a wastrel con man father named arch and a southern belle floozie from alabama whose name was lillie mae . lillie mae and arch divorced shortly after truman 's birth in new orleans . the fragile child was raised in a succession of relatives homes . he was happiest in monroeville , alabama where his next door neighbor was nellie harper lee ( lee was the author of `` to kill a mockingbird '' and served as truman 's girl friday on his trips to kansas to cover the clutter murders turned into his best book `` in cold blood . '' capote was effeminate and was a [ ... ] man who had several lovers many of whom used him for money and travel . capote ( he took the name of his stepfather joe capote who ended up in new york prison for his dirty business accounting ! ) spent a sybaratic life of jet setting in the watering holes of europe , asia and the united states . capote was famous for his books , his talk show appearances on television , screenwriting and adoration of his `` swans '' ( such rich dames as kay graham of the washington post ; jackie kenedy and her sister lee and most notably babe paley wife of the president of cbs news. ) . capote 's famous <NUM> black and white party of the rich and famous is still a landmark event in new york society annals . capote was only <NUM> ' <NUM> '' ; had a babyish voice and squandered his talents with works planned but never written such as his unfinished novel `` answered prayers . '' his reputation rests on `` breafast at tiffany 's '' ; `` in cold blood '' and many excellent short stories . truman capote could be manipulative , was spoiled and lived the life of a famous , spoiled and egotistical man . his death came after years of booze , drugs and sex in seedy places . clarke 's book will sell well in the wake of the famous movie `` capote '' and deserves to be read . capote like f. scott fitgerald before him wasted his talents and died at a relatively young age . gerald clark has written a well researched , gossipy and accurate account of the life of the southern boy who became famous and then was extinguished by his demons . a tragic and cautionary tale .
attempting to construct a solid soundtrack to a movie is also detrimental to the success of the movie as all contributing artists must put forth their best work . babyface has written and or co-written this entire lp which he has also produced with a touch of emotion from a woman 's perspective . as all of the work consists of heavy hitters there is n't any room for change as each individually could be singles in their own rights . more so relationship driven from heartache this has everything you may be looking for in an all woman release including pop and r & b
i had n't seen this movie since i was a kid and when my dad recommended getting this i was glad you did because it is so funny . the humour is still fresh despite the cold war being over . a movie like this could never work today but its still good clean fun
if bette davis is not remembered as the best actress to come out of hollywood in the golden era , she certainly was thought so at the time and this package easily demonstrates the range of her talent . this set , compared to volume one , which contains obvious davis hits , covers a wider period of her career from <NUM> to <NUM> . two favourite davis films , `` the man who came to dinner '' and `` marked woman '' are included . more detailed reviews of each of these films can be viewed under their individual titles so by way of a quick summary : - `` marked woman '' is a sensational <NUM> film about prostitutes who go to court to get their gangster pimp incriminated . this was the first film davis made after she walked out of warner brothers and was sued for breach of contract . she lost and returned to the studio but with a new found respect . she gives an intense performance and the film is very exciting with a great downbeat ending . - `` jezebel '' is the <NUM> film for which davis won her second oscar , a precursor to `` gone with the wind '' and directed superbly by william wyler . the film is a soap opera about a willful southern girl and would fall into trivia without davis 's subtle performance and wyler 's attention to detail . - `` dark victory '' from <NUM> was possibly davis 's favourite role about a long island socialite with a brain tumour . the film is a tour de force for davis who might have won another oscar if the film had been released in a different year . - `` the man who came to dinner '' is an ensemble piece , an excellent version of the <NUM> kaufman and hart broadway hit . davis supports monty woolley , a character based on alexander woolcott , who hilariously dominates the film . - `` old acquaintance '' from <NUM> maybe the quintessential woman 's picture with davis starring with rival miriam hopkins . it is a picture which resonated with `` woman 's issues '' in <NUM> and was remade in the <NUM> 's as `` rich and famous '' . - `` whatever happened to baby jane '' is the famous teaming with joan crawford in a baroque tragedy which has become a cult ( and camp ) classic . the film was shot on a small budget and in <NUM> weeks and it shows . the extras alone make up hours of additional viewing which enhance the films immeasurably , although some of the commentaries are poor with far too much gossip about davis 's overanalysed relationship with joan crawford . best of all , the excellent documentary `` stardust : the bette davis story '' has been included . the collection is great value
i purchased these used from a bookstore that buys and resells used books and videos . i think my baby boy was about <NUM> months old at the time . these were the only videos that ever captured his attention at that young age . any other video -- disney , baby einstein , etc. -- just had him crying within a few minutes . these , though , he would watch to the end , fascinated . to this day , he loves them , and he is now <NUM> months old ; the tapes are worn out so i am reordering them both . not only does he still love them , but i just had a new baby , and i am hoping they will entertain her just as much . in fact , the other night , we accidentally woke him up and he cried and cried and would n't go back to sleep . finally , in desperation , my husband popped one of these into the vcr , and my son was instantly quieted the moment he heard the familiar music ; in no time at all he was ready to go back to bed . we have since purchased most of the other titles in the brainy baby series -- he loves them all , the music , the images of the babies , etc . the abc video is especially well-done . he also gradually learned to enjoy other types of videos by baby einstein , sesame street , etc . but these two left & right brain videos are still his very favorites .
this show just works . solid character development and interaction , catchy tunes ( the opener is fantastic ) , a new dark tech world of gotham and it stays true to the history established in batman : tas . but what really works is how differnt it is from batman in comics , movies , and the cartoons that began before it . terry ( the new batman ) who is still in high school becomes batman though to bruce he is still somewhat a sidekick like robin or batgirl . really that comment does n't describe the role terry plays . i can best describe him as a cross between batman , robin , and spider-man ( young high school version ) he 's dark and seeks revenge like batman , young , adventurous and very intuitive like robin and helpful , responsible but also often taking on too much as spider-man would . there is also the dynamic of family , nonexistant in previous batman animated adventures , he has to hide what he is really doing as batman from his friends , family and girlfriend , reminding me of peter parker 's relationship with mary and aunt may . villains are differnt too , i 'm glad the creators did n't just rehash enemies from the other series , though a few carry over , we do n't deal with a `` mad hatter beyond '' or `` penguin beyond '' , not that either are bad characters . again this series works , i have been waiting for years for this show to appear on dvd . nothing and no one can replace batman , but terry and this show provides a new hero that takes the name and theme of batman with a differnt approach
great movie , great actors for such a sad part of the u.s. history ! it is great to see in this movie some men who really existed ( especially `` stonewall '' jackson ) . we do n't know if the personalities showed into the movie were really like this or if it is a pure fiction , but at the end of the day it 's not very important , because the historical interest is preserved
carpenter really knew what he was doing when he got walker to help with the score . makes super background music for quake ii . the sounds are far more detailed than in efny . it 's the bomb , as they say . i 've had it for two months , and i still get a kick out of the main theme and the motorcycle chase . kudos , carpenter
henry fielding wrote shamela for the best of all reasons : he needed the money . the fact that richardson 's earlier pamela had been begging for burlesque in its absurdities and pretensions can be seen only as a contributory reason . in his preface , fielding makes it clear that he has placed richardson 's heroine squarely in his sights . he attempts to expose `` the many notorious falsehoods and misrepresentations of a book called pamela , are exposed and refuted ; and all of the matchless arts of that young politician , set in a true and just light . '' he makes it pretty clear that in the controversy as to whether pamela 's motivation for marrying the cad who tried mightily to seduce her are innocent or mercenary fielding sees as the latter . like pamela , shamela is a novel ( much briefer than pamela ) written as letters . but in fielding 's hands , shamela is seen as the master manipulator . where pamela faints whenever her mr. b. grabs her , shamela swoons too-but in coarse delight . with each passing episode , fielding inverts the moral universe of richardson so that when one considers richardson 's subtitle of pamela as `` virtue rewarded , '' one now sees with crystal clarity that virtue does indeed earn a reward , but the virtue of pamela and the virtue of shamela are alike only in their spelling . i am glad that i read pamela first , for if i had come across shamela first , i am pretty sure that i would have hooted and guffawed at a young innocent whose only crime was to follow on stage a deadly mimic .
john petrucci is obviously a master of his craft , and not all masters are able to effectively pass on their knowledge . petrucci , however , can and does in this instructional video . i have owned this in all its forms , have used the techniques , and refer back to it frequently . it is much easier to do that with the dvd format . if used , these exercises will improve your playing
finally an intelligent , well made adult ( for grown ups , not soft porn ) thriller . no juvenile excess , just excellent acting and writing . talia shire is one resourceful little woman . the marines may be looking for a few good men but i 'd go anywhere with a squad of talias for backup . jump back
carol berg , in my humble opinion , is the very best living writer of `` dependable '' fantasy ... i.e . nothing that offends my sensibilities , but transports me to a place i 'd like to be , filled with people i 'd like to know . while i consider each of her books i 've had the privilege to read as safe territory , her characters are anything but safe , each generally beat to a pulp one or more times in each story line . some would consider this violence excessive , but it always moves the story forward and promotes the philosophy of pain and hardship 's place in selflessness . a lost concept in the cocoon of ease and comfort in which most of us dwell . daughter of ancients delivers all the promise of the preceding bridge of d'arnath books . it is satisfying , suspenseful , rich and so very human ... with the delightful tendency of carol berg to often surprise us thoroughly and tie her plot lines together without the too-tidy endings that so many authors fall into . thank you , carol , for the gift of your imagination and the concise nature of your beautiful writing
the only reason i gave this four stars is because it 's combined with friends , which with the exception of meant for you & the title song is just ok , in my opinion . 20/20 , however is loaded with phenomenal songs . do it again , i can hear music , be with me , time to get alone , our prayer ( a capella at it 's best ) , etc . for some reason , critics never even gave this album a chance and i do n't know why . maybe it did n't fit the late <NUM> 's groove that was going on , but still the lyrics are strong and the harmonies are fantastic . yes , there is that one song , `` never learn not to love '' , whose lyrics were written by charles manson , but the way the song is done by the beach boys is just too good to pass off just because of who wrote it . this <NUM> cd set also includes break away and we 're together again , which are also excellent songs that never received any airplay . the only <NUM> songs that did were do it again and i can hear music . my advice is to buy this while you can . you wo n't be disappointed !
wanted : a reader for flann o'brien 's at swim-two-birds . <NUM> ) requisites : forgiveness of the not-very-linear , willingness to suspend disbelief and attachment to conventions , flexibility to take hairpin turns and seeming leaps of logic without a moment 's notice , and tolerance of sloth , drink and the occasional effluvia . <NUM> ) experience and education : familiarity with james joyce , samuel beckett and irish literary culture of the early 20th century helpful . competitive emphasis awarded applicants with a working definition of `` metafiction . '' <NUM> ) job description : sort out nested narratives of authors and their characters ; identify author 's concepts regarding the creative process ; laugh at author 's lampoons , ironies and jokes ; develop a high appreciation of author 's conceptuality and use of voice ; locate surprising floes of prose through which echo all kinds of intelligence ; do n't worry about getting absolutely every reference ; appreciate william gass 's critical introduction to this edition , which adds to the fun and vision , and spoils nothing . <NUM> ) compensation and benefits : never boring , earns reader the metafictional and modern irish literature badge of experience without much bloodletting . <NUM> ) work location : ideally read in proximity to others with whom insights and jokes can be shared but post-college isolation doable ; bed not recommended unless weird dreams desired ; does not go overly well with sand , gooey sunscreen and the sounds of the top <NUM> blasting from the radio three beach blankets away . the local pub would quite suit the content .
this is a great album with an insane amount of energy that if you listen to it . . .right before you go out for the night , run errands , take a long drive , then this is the album that is a necessity in a music collection . though too much of a good thing , is never a good thing , so moderate intake with the previous album . switch it up , go crazy , do whatever just do something . i got ta run some errands now
i have always had a soft spot in my heart for this film and its cast . itself an imitator of earlier movies , such as `` blackboard jungle '' in which sidney was a student , not the teacher , it has had dozens if not scores of would-be successors as `` the '' flick about unorthodox teachers saving troubled students . however , i ca n't think of any which have come after that i wanted to see twice -- -not `` up the down staircase '' or `` dangerous minds '' or the one about the calculus teacher or the one about principal joe clark or the one with jim belushi or the one with tom berenger as the substitute or even the recent one with hillary swank , which was pretty good once it got going . `` to sir with love '' is the standout in a very large group . it had cast chemistry and charm and sweetness and an offbeat innocence . and we still need `` life skills '' classes as mandatory offerings in american high schools , an idea that this film was , i believe , the first to champion , despite its being set in great britain
the book provides a basic description on the subject supported by real-life stories about indigo children and situations of parents of indigo children . i liked the descriptions written on dealing with indigo education and the integration with alternative therapies and activation of energies and meditation . lee carroll needs to explain more on dealing with indigos , and how-to 's . i am sure another book will soon come up that will be more in - depth on indigo issues , especilally for us , the indigo adults and it would be great to have more on not only family relationships between indigos and others , but other types of relationships as well . how to make life easier for those around indigos , and the other way around .
the book the first part last by angela johnson is a story about a teenage boy and his life as a father . in his sixeenth birhtday his girlfriend gives him some new that changes his life forever . the story flips back and forth from present time to the past so you can predict at times why certain things are the way they are . his story seems very realistic compard to what many teenage fathers go through . in the story he finds it hard to balance his school work and taking care of the baby , especially since his parents do not heop much . finally he ends up breaking down and gets in trouble for it as well . this book shows the struggles of teen pregnancy and what many teen fathers and mothers go through . if you enjoy this book you would probably enjoy the book hanging on to max as well
de becker 's book is an interesting introduction to a topic that we rarely give critical thought to , namely our survival instincts , fear , and ways of coping with dangerous situations that most americans are likely to face . the dangers that de becker talks about are more likely to affect women and celebrities ( i.e . stalking , rape ) , but he also talks about robberies , teen suicides/murders , intra-family crimes of violence , etc . he repeatedly talks about how predictable crimes are based on people 's past behavior , as well as the simple measures we can use to determine whether or not strangers likely mean us harm or have intentions other than those stated by them . my main critique of the book is that it sometimes came off like a big advertisement for his firm , which specializes in security services and consulting rather than as a guide for everyone . nevertheless i recommend the book , especially for younger and middle aged women .
batty was a lab bat who escape into this rainforest he is very intellegent he can change his voice . the fairies think humans no longer exist cause a long time ago the evil hexxes who drove them off even killed some of them . zak has a job a cutting down tree 's for a living , he was shrunk by crystal the fairy who does find him cute . she shows him how he is hurting tree 's
this version of jane austen 's persuasion is an excellent example of the subtlety and warmth that is missing from modern , so-called romances . anne and wentworth are the two sane people surrounded by a range of wacky characters trying to distract them from what 's really important . my husband and i are big fans of jane austen and this movie is one of our favorites , second only to the a & e five-hour version of pride and prejudice
if reading is a disease then this book will give it to you . manguel 's insights and passion for this remarkable human experience will keep you glued to the page
to the nu-soul , lover , this is the compilation to have , good assortment of tracks that covers the genre . choklate is one my favorite artist on this label be sure to check her out
in the post-communist world , the cold war espionage genre may seem a little dated . we have other concerns and fears on our minds now . but for reasons i 'll get to below , this novel series is a stand-out from that era , and still well worth reading . this book was actually written after the fall of communism , but the plot takes place a few years before it . in this book samson returns to work for london central and deals with a disastrous assignment in east germany ; an internal struggle to keep positions in a down-sizing agency ; etc . the book plot is interesting enough , but running alongside it are several series-length plots that continue to engross the reader : can bernard and his wife fiona rebuild their marriage after her apparent defection and return ? in fact , can fiona even recover from her ordeal ? what about gloria ? i just recently re-read the entire bernard samson series ( of which this is the seventh out of nine novels ) . it is one of the best novel series i have ever read , and certainly one of the best espionage genre series ever . there are so many things to like about this series - the in-depth characterizations ; the pithy observational asides about people and cultures ; the references to multiple languages and their subtleties ; the gritty european settings ; the hidden plot developments and character motivations that the narrator either ca n't or wo n't see ; etc . the author claims that each of these books can be read on their own , and perhaps they could be . but you can get a lot more enjoyment out of it if you start at the beginning with _berlin game_ ( or even better yet - start with the wwii prequel : _winter_ ) .
i 'm mildly into anime , i only watch the stuff that i really enjoy . this is the only series that has really drawn me in . usually it 's just movies for me but wolf 's rain is amazing . i ca n't wait for volume ii to be released on tuesday ! it contains the final episodes ( 19-30 ) .
i am a huge fan of laurie colwin 's writing , so i am baffled by the reviewers who did n't enjoy this book as much as i did . to me , her writing is sophisticated yet very comfortable . i can identify most with the main character in this particular book of hers as i also married a bit later in life and am trying to have a child despite being a little long in the tooth . the longings jane louise has for the domestic bliss that other people in her life seem to have so easily are all too familiar . this book will not hit you over the head with a message , and it does meander ... which is just like life for most of us . and i for one sometimes enjoy a book that does n't leave me with a headache . reading is so much like eating - balancing what 's good for you with satisfying cravings for those things that are n't - and for me , laurie colwin 's books are like hot tea with milk and sugar on a cold afternoon . grown up , but sweet and comforting - they always hit the spot . and i still find myself in disbelief that there will be no more books by this great writer
i was familiar with a few songs by gene pitney that i include in my favorite `` oldies '' . after listening to the entire cd , i am impressed by the range of talent by mr. pitney and how many fantastic songs he recorded . as far as the price ; i feel i received more than i paid for . this cd is a `` must have '' and would be a compliment to any home collection
this is one of the best books i have read dealing with shakespeare . becuase it has such a specific focus , the year <NUM> , it is able to take an indepth look at some of shakespeare 's best work . the book focuses on some of shakespeare 's best plays : julius ceaser , as you like it , and hamlet , but unlike so many other shakesperian analysis he does not look at this only from a literary standpoint shapirio looks at it from a historical view . shapirio chronicles the events in shakespeare 's life and in local and global politics that would effect what he was writting in a particular year . this specificity of this topic allows shapirio to fully engage the reader in intresting and unique analysis of very well known plays . though this book is detailed and very focused it is by no means dull . this book is engaging and witty throughout . i would strongly reccomend this to anyone intrested shakespeare or the elizabethan era .
in black beauty : a history and a celebration , ben arogundade offers a comprehensive and insightful history of the black aesthetic ranging from the days of slavery and its necessity to dehumanize blacks , to the evolution of black cosmetic products , images and hairstyles , to modern day icons of film , television , music , sports , and fashion . this impressive anthology is profusely illustrated throughout with photography from annie leibovitz , david baily , albert watson , herb ritts , peter lindbergh , and others . black beauty is impressive , informative , inspiring , occasionally iconoclastic , and a superb addition to any personal , academic , or community library black studies collection
the lovely shot of gloria you 're looking at is not misleading . the music inside is just as beautiful as the artist . gloria has long used spanish music to let her artistic soul flourish and this is her masterpiece . this album is filled with beauty . if you love music and you want to hear the best of what it has to offer from around the world , then this is a perfect place to start . once the beautiful `` with the years that i have left '' starts we are transported to an elegant and exotic club somewhere in south america . the sun has faded and a tropical moon has taken its place . the glossy hardwood counters are polished to perfection and the cherry finish complements a scattering of sego palms and spanish lilies as wine glasses are filled with only the finest vintage . gloria 's rich and emotional vocals surround the room and are backed by a lush orchestra and breezy spanish guitars . so rich is the atmosphere we can almost feel her moving around the room and smiling as she passes by our small table . the songs move from love of one 's homeland to romantic love lost or waiting , and everything in-between . gloria fills this room with her magical phrasing of a beautiful language . we hear so many wonderful songs we dare not leave and miss a moment . there are songs of forgiveness and hope , and songs of true love and hanging on 'till the one lost to you returns . one song , the light and playful `` si senor ! '' conjurs up images of the andrew sisters and another time . one of the prettier songs we hear before our time in this moonlit paradise is over is `` volveras '' ( you 'll be back ) . gloria knows the man leaving her for another and taking her heart with him will be back , because he ca n't erase her memory . but we know it 's only a song . no one could be foolish enough to leave this cuban flower . and all at once , it is over , and like all vacations , it has ended much too quickly . but what we 've seen and heard has enriched and expanded our world . we want to come back once in awhile to feel like this again . lucky for us we own this little keepsake of our time with gloria in tropical paradise .
hello , i like armstrong and fitzgerald together . and this is the completed ella fitzgerald and louis armstong together on verve records . the previous reviewers have a few facts wrong . ella and louis did record dream a little dream of me on decca records . you can find this recording on ella fitzgerald : the last decca years . true , grp has released a great deal of ella 's decca output , there are some cuts missing , due from my understanding , some legal complexity . ella did record baby , it 's cold outside with louis jordan . the track is n't included in any of ella 's decca cd outputs , but it was included in the complete louis jordan on decca . but , baby it 's cold outside is n't on any of the <NUM> cds , it is on the ep that came in the cd box set
russel middlebrook is pretty sure that he 's gay . after all , he 's not attracted to girls , and he spends every day after gym class studiously avoiding the other half-naked guys in the locker room . he 's never had an actual experience with another guy , though , so maybe the attraction he feels toward them is something he 'll outgrow -- or maybe not . while surfing the internet one night , he finds chat rooms for different towns and cities , where you can talk to other people who are also gay . and amazingly enough , there 's a boy he meets with the name gayteen -- who not only lives in his town , but also attends his high school . another gay boy , in his very own school ? there 's no way that could be true -- especially when he finds out that the kid with the handle gayteen is none other than kevin land , star of the baseball team , one of the most popular guys in school . as kevin and russel get to know one another , outside of school and hidden away from prying eyes , they realize that there 's no way for them to be together inside school walls . the same is true for russel 's friends min and terese , who although they claim to just be really close friends , are actually in love . so along with a few others , including gunnar , who is straight , and brian bund , the loser of goodkind high school , the boys form the geography club . after all , no one else is going to want to join such a boring club -- especially if they knew it was just a front for a gay/ lesbian school group . as events at school heat up , with brian eventually being outed as gay even though he 's not , russel , kevin , and their friends will have to learn what 's most important in life . and that sometimes , no matter how much you might wish for things to be out in the open , you 're just not ready . geography club is a great , quick read from author brent hartinger , about the ups and downs of daily high school life , and the struggle to find ones identity
product arrived on time and in excellent condition . my compliments to your vendor for his honesty and integrity
i would have liked the hero 's character , diaz , to be developed a little more . he was dark , mysterious , and sexy but even his face was n't described very well . i could n't form an image in my mind of what he looked like , like i could with milla . the story , however , was awesome . i could n't put it down and my heart ached for milla . what a read . i would recommend it to anyone ! ! !
this novel tells the haunting story of two generations of a wisconsin family brought together and torn apart by the lake adjacent to the family home . focused on four women , sisters of two generations , the novel develops around the sisters ' relationship with the lake , and the tragedy that ensues when it claims one of their lives . much of the book is spent untangling the secrets which led to the drowning , and working out the complicated problems which arise from the family 's attempts to keep these secrets . scwartz 's story jumps back and forth across time , from past to present and back again . this means that the story develops piece by piece , and this is what makes it something of a mystery . i found the plot development to be one of the more satisfying parts of this book , seeing the pieces of the puzzle fall into place . i enjoyed the developments leading up to scwartz 's telling of what actually happened the night of the tragedy . after that point , however , i found the plot to be something of a let-down . the conclusion seemed a bit too neat , and a bit forced . the most enjoyable part of this book to me was the way in which scwartz set the scene- the way in which she managed to capture the sense of a time and place . the novel is set in the wisconsin countryside in the first half of the twentieth century , with most of the action focusing on the last years of wwi , and the 1920s . scwartz offers a convincing portrait of wisconsin farm country in the late-1910s and early 1920s . her descriptions are vivid , without being overstated , and her story intersects with several significant historical events , including wwi and the influenza epidemic . scwartz gives her readers a strong sense of connection to the seasons , the land , the lake . i really did feel like i was part of the world about which she wrote . overall , i enjoyed reading this novel . the development of the plot engaged me , and the scenery captivated me . i was a bit disappointed by the ending , but my reading was by and large time well spent .
eric 's third effort is six years in the making . i noticed that the only time a artist brings us some good music to the table is when their life 's in shambles . but , without pain there 's no way for us humans to channel that hurt without a medium . eric channels all that was tumultuous in his life into this wonderfully orchestrated album . many artists tend to use one musician to lay all tracks through synthesizers , moog programs , drum machines and consoles which in a way makes the consumer lose focus on the real content of the disc . majority of the disc is mostly based on self reflection . he 's made bad choices outside of his music career , but in this disc , he shows us that he finally got it together . be myself is a self reflective piece on finding his true soul and sticking with it . pretty baby is a personal fave due to the sensual background vocals . the song also is a anthem for women to get it together and stop giving out the goods without showing some self respect for themselves . hurricane is another reflective piece that says to come and take the pain away and let him live the life that he feels he so richly deserve . i wan na be loved is a cry that says he want to be loved by that special woman . the rest of the disc is good . the cabaret infused track the last time totally throws off the sexy vibe , but everyone has an off quirky moment . nevertheless , it 's a solid affair with just the right amount of angst , but enough self loving prose that clearly shines through and through . grade : a
i 've been a fan of w.c. fields since my youth . there was always something about him , a certain style that he had on screen , that was unique . this book does tell the truth behind the real w.c. , and dispells many of the myths that still are current about him . he was a man that was in turn cantankerous , gentle , funny and poignant . i for one never realized that he was such an avid reader . books seemed to be his passion , and all during his world travels as a vaudeville juggler he carried trunks of books along the way . anyone that reads so voraciously is bound to be an interesting personality . his vast reading no doubt contributed to his comedy that involved the word play for which he is famous . it is astounding to know that for many years in the early part of his career when he was a juggler , that he did his act in almost total silence ! a great biography that reveals the unique character that was w.c. fields . written in a very readable style , we can learn about this man , warts and all through this book . highly recommended
a very quick review . a beautifully written book filled with the feminine niceties and social customs of provincial early 19th century life . a very interesting read to myself as i was born at cranford lodge , knutsford , the true market town in the north of england that gaskell based her novel on . a visit to knutsford itself brings out the flavour of the writing and tours of `` cranford '' including miss matty 's house and the assembly rooms at the george can be arranged through the gaskell society
i love this album . if you are a jam band fan you will love this cd/album . some one i know thought it sounded a lot like the grateful dead when i played it for them . i bought this cd after seeing them for the first time live . they are a great band and are very `` together '' with their sound . found this cd addictive and never seem to get tired of it . great buy ! i only put <NUM> out of <NUM> stars because they are still better live than the cd .
the greatest crime you can commit whilst watching a david lynch film is to not watch it in one-sitting ; a reason as to why mr. lynch did not condone the insertion of chapter breaks in the original 'mulholland drive ' dvd & # <NUM> ; it happens to be the incentive for the viewer to sit through the whole film in unremitting concentration , a sort of meditation . it would also explain his infatuation with 'transcendental meditation ' , which he claims to have been practicing for a number of years , and his desire to instill that peace into his cult following . so , if by any chance you want to unravel this smorgasbord of haunting sexuality , bloody violence , and the mystical bizarreness which is 'lost highway ' then it is wise to stray away from the conviction of a linear plot . it is much more lucrative to compare the chief theme of each his films rather than trying to put together the scattered images of one film & # <NUM> ; let & # <NUM> ; s say , as an example , the 'mystery man ' ( played by robert blake in this particular film ) and the 'cowboy ' from 'mulholland drive ' ; you can draw the correspondence at once by comparing their facial elements : mainly the shaved eyebrows . therewith , one can surmise what lynch tried to personify by those two characters & # <NUM> ; a singularly obscure despot & # <NUM> ; evil & # <NUM> ; like the devil , and also the gateway into the supernatural . indeed , in a recent interview , director lynch confessed that lost highway and twin peaks take place in the same world & # <NUM> ; which is more than enough evidence for us to navigate all his films since <NUM> & # <NUM> ; s 'eraserhead ' and search for cohesion on the whole rather than through one individual film . all this aside , 'lost highway ' is certainly a worthy experience ; it is singularly intriguing , interspersed with bizarre sexual liaisons and a chilling soundtrack & # <NUM> ; a mix of hard-edged techno-industrial , slightly spooky jazz , and orchestral compositions from angelo badalamenti . patricia arquette & bill pullman pull off memorable performances as the husband and wife whose marriage is on the rocks , balthazar getty is thoroughly convincing as the 'reincarnation ' of fred madison ( bill pullman & # <NUM> ; s character in the story ) and robert loggia playing the sinister mob boss with insidious perversions . 'lost highway ' may at times frustrate you with its non-linear narrative or it just might not be on-par with your taste , yet you don & # <NUM> ; t have to be genius to figure out that during our brief span of consciousness david lynch certainly knows how to screw our nerves .
pretty hard to take a well written book by the likes of john grisham and bring it all onto the screen . they do a pretty good job . matt damon plays rudy , a student in law school who 's smart , broke , and about to make history . in the meantime his partner and him are working hard on a case against a scamming life insurance company that never paid out to a boy who had cancer . the policy covered it but they would just not pay . meantime damons character is in deeper than ever , as he falls for an abused woman whose redneck husband will soon find out . read the novel , then watch the movie . it 's really a very moving story and the characters in the book and movie are alive and thriving . danny devito plays damons partner in the film and it 's one of the better roles i 've seen him play .
it 's hard for me to believe that nearly <NUM> years have passed since this album was released . maire brennan , lead vocalist of clannad , has a voice that is both ethereal and powerful at the same time . she has the ability to move me to tears even while singing in a language of which i have only minimal understanding ( irish gaelic ) . this particular album has several pieces that are quite beautiful and relaxing ... they would work nicely as lullabies . brennan 's skill as a harpist is also shown to great advantage on many tracks . not to be missed if you are an admirer of celtic new age music
this book is n't a masterpiece , but it does tell the story of one of america 's best pilots . it tells the life of bob hoover from his eyes . the stories he tells are almost unbelievable ! it was a very entertaining book , i could hardly put it down , and i would recommend it for anyone who is interested in aviation , especially those who like to hear great stories of how aviation has changed over the years
for anyone interested in birds , birdwatching , or following your dreams this is a good read . for a teenager to have such a year as recounted here and be able to write in an entertaining way is truly a treat . highly recommended
the story basically talks about van damme running away from army work to hekp his brother 's family to overcome financially after his bother was killed by some 'gansters ' or something . he earn his income throught some underground fighting which he later give to his brother 's wife ( if i 've not forgotten the story ) . they are good numbers of action fighting scenes which i could say is a remarkable effort put into this movie/film . the only problem is that this movie/film is using indication of knife which is rather unsuitable for kids ( that type of thing , the 'bear ' issue or this .. chinese ) to watch . a very good recommendation to those whom are interested in this genre of movie/film ..... enjoy .... n/b : watch out for the following films near your theatre ( if any ) : - films -- -- -- - luan xing hao qing , gambler 's woes , terrorist ( 9/11 ) , death from cult , playboy death , love tomb , sex obsession , japanese army , man and woman mass killer , tennage problem , sexual fantasy , <NUM> , poisonous personality , sex crimes , sleeping beauty , baby killer , secret society , life of two woman , the fate of vignette 's life , industrial tragedy , shares danger , out of justice <NUM> , hooker 's tragic loss , out of justice 3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 and <NUM> , credit card case , pirate organization , sex police officer , sex doctor , kenneth and keith , laurel levor , crook 's work , office tragedy , workholic , mafia , illegal business , caught head on , illicit internet business , illicit internet business <NUM> , internet misuse , quick death , ship building tragedy , sea pirates , diary of richard rills ( war violence , imax ) , nuclear coverup , follow me up , johnny , illegal betting , illegal trading , mrs white , elaine riggs , swimming pool , bacterial war , society problem , tragic death , road accident , wu shu tiao zhan ( kong fu competition , imax ) , dictatorship , high risk , mechanic woes , sybil , sense of guilt , skallagrig , lorene kerry , john levor , school life , crayon of life , lawfully abandoned , dark days , blink of death <NUM> , <NUM> & <NUM> , danger zone <NUM> & <NUM> and blood ranger , pathetic state , wet market woes and katherine soval .... enjoy ..
after a personal large university experience back in the <NUM> 's , i knew that that was not what i wanted for my children . we found mr. pope 's book and the lights came on . not only did we use the book , but with some diligent work were able to arrange personal counseling sessions with mr. pope for both my son and daughter . we live in central texas and my son just graduated from whitman college in walla walla , washington and my daughter is now a senior at kalamazoo college in michigan . they both looked at quite a few schools , both recommended in the book and not : grinnell , reed , colorado college , beloit , lawrence , colgate , college of wooster , williams & bowdoin . my son loved whitman . it is a beautiful school in a beautiful part of america . it is not easy . he was challenged . there is a great respect between the college and the town of 30,000 . ( to parents : walla walla is a great place to visit . there are 50+ wonderful wine tasting rooms in the immediate area . ) my daugher also is happy with her choice at kzoo . the winters are cold for a texas girl , but the personal attention that so many of the professors have given to her and her friends is amazing . the k study abroad program which is <NUM> years old and rated among the best in the nation for all colleges was fabulous for her . she spent six months in ecuador and loved it . our nephew , also from texas , will be leaving for six months in thailand in another good program . loren was right . these schools do provide personal attention and are there to make sure their students succeed
both guyton texts i received were manufactured defectively , coming unglued along the strap of the spine . poor job , saunders . typical . vander 's human physiology is an excellent textbook in the sense that it answers all of the right questions at the right time , while you are studying . also , more chemistry in vander 's , and in the long run that was important to me , since the atom is the basis of everything . beautiful illustrations and photographs , and again , when compared to guyton ( where the illustrations were cheap and even shameful ... made by a high school art student ? ) the professional presentation and pedagogical context of dr. eric widmaier 's text was much better than the `` old '' standard . depth of coverage in some areas might be slightly less , but still the learning is there for the taking . i love this textbook , and i am convinced students studying from it will fair as highly on board examinations as those trying to learn from any other standard text in the field of introductory physiology .
i have looked for this soundtrack for years and i was so glad to finally see it offered . i love the variations on the theme from the omen ii , such as the opening music from the movie , which is why i looked for so long . if you love powerful and furious music , this is for you
an amazon search of 'essential ' under music turns up over 1,700 hits . while they may not all be winners , if you 're looking for an affordable one-disc compilation of janis joplin recordings , you could n't do much better than this . the nice thing about '18 essential songs ' ( drawn from the <NUM> track <NUM> box set titled 'janis ' ) is that a number of the selections are alternates or live versions of well-worn tracks , so you get a little different spin on the joplin legacy . in addition , you get nearly every truly classic recording janis ever made spanning over seventy minutes of cd space . at under five bucks for a used copy here at amazon , you may be able to end your search here . the offerings begin with one of janis ' earliest recorded tracks , a rendition of the blues classic 'trouble in mind ' . although it is historic , janis ' vocals seem to be struggling to emerge from a cave . hit the skip button after a cursory listen , and move on to the goodies . 'down on me ' , while not as deliciously raw and punchy as the live version recorded at the grande ballroom in detroit , certainly kicks janis ' locomotive vocal cords into high gear . familiar studio tracks such as 'piece of my heart ' , 'try ( just a little bit harder ) ' , 'kozmic blues ' , 'move over ' , 'get it while you can ' , and 'half moon ' mix with a previously unreleased version of 'ball and chain ' ( all eight minutes plus from the <NUM> monterey pop festival ) , an alternate demo take of 'summertime ' from the musical 'porgy and bess ' , a live version of 'raise your hand ' from the ed sullivan show ' ( a portion of which made it onto the 'very best of the ed sullivan show ' video compilation ) , and a nearly six-minute live wailing blues version of 'tell mama ' . most refreshing is the closer , an alternate demo recording of 'me and bobby mcgee ' , featuring just janis and an acoustic guitar , melting this composition down to its essential elements . 'trust me ' is offered as one of the few non-blues or rock oriented tracks . it 's a nice romantic ballad , but comes too late in the set to be breaking up whatever monotony is induced by the dominance of the blues . a few lesser-known tracks such as ' i need a man to love ' and 'one good man ' might make things interesting , but are less than essential . the only 'essential song ' i could without is the mercilessly overplayed 'mercedes benz ' , which graciously clocks out at 1:46 as the shortest track on the disc . '18 essential songs ' is a compelling entry into the janis joplin compilation sweepstakes , which features two full box sets , and at least <NUM> single disc 'greatest hits ' style collections . if you 're not inclined to purchase one of the anthologies , however , this may well be the pick of the litter .
this is a terrific showcase for o'connor 's remarkable prowess on the fiddle as he moves flawlessly from one style to the next , cajun , bluegrass , old-time , he tackles it all while surrounding himself with some of the best country musicians i have ever heard such as steel guitar player paul franklin and piano player matt rollins . mostly these are up-tempo instrumental tracks but there are also a few vocal tracks included . if you want to hear musicians playing for musicians , this is a great cd
i give this outing of the amelia peabody emerson novels five stars simply because it was a heck of a good story , a thrilling ride , and the ending came out of blue . as with the last few books in this series the violence directed at the emerson family becomes more dangerous than it ever has been . people are being shot , prostitutes are murdered , and members of the emerson clan are put in extreme , dangerous positions . what the author seems to be doing is showing what a family living in and working in egypt might have to deal withat this point in history : egyptian nationalistic movements , british prejudices , and the rumblings of wwi ( minus the mystery high-jixs and master criminals , of course ) . the one annoying factor in this novel was nefret . the author has chosen to take a once strong and intelligent young woman and turn her into a petty , childish , lovelorn twit who not only makes bad choices that put the family in greater danger , but also breaks the heart of nearly every member of the family . ramses also had his annoying moments . he has always been a favorite character , but since attaining adulthood he 's become a brooding , self-righteous , and insulting young man with a real `` superman '' syndrome . again , i 'm allowing myself to become too invested in the lives of fictional characters , but that 's the hallmark of a great author . one of the bright spots and little used aspects of this novel is david and his new wife lia . much of this novel revolves around accusations against david and his late grandfather , abdullah , so i wish he could have played a larger role , but he does become a major focal point of the novel near the end . i just wish the author would allow this character to step into the limelight more instead of being little more than ramses ' shadow . overall , this was an exciting and thrilling edition of the emerson clan adventures and i strongly recommend the novel
well what am i supposed to say ? bsb have always been great and this song is one of my favorite from this album.i still is an amazing song and i would highly recommend it to any bsb fan ! backstreet boys rock ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the story is sweet , set in an earlier time but does not come across dated . there is an opportunity for math lessons ( sal keeps eating her berries = subtraction ; tremendous mouthful = size/proportion ) here . beyond that , kids just love this story . i do n't know if it is that there is one main character , a child , and another prominent character , a bear , or what , but i have given this as a gift and it is always a favorite
wood / water breakouts with a new maturity on this departure from the usual emo - core sound the band has cultivated over the years . a band that has been a cult favorite presents an unyielding indie - pop classic that begs to be listened to over and over . the old fan may be thrown for a loop at first listen but after several listens , the depth of the writing and complex arrangements become a staple of your cd player . buy this cd
i was downloading some shows when i came across a show by some band called galactic . i liked it but did n't think much about it . then last week i saw counting crows and live in concert . when i got there , there was this band jamming out . i saw the second half of their set , all the time wondering & quot ; who are these guys ? & quot ; then they announced that they were galactic . the next day i went and bought this cd and i could not be happier . the blend of funky blues-like singing , jazzy horn play , and the rock guitar riffs is awesome . this band reminds me very much of a jazz trio called medeski , martin , and wood . however , galactic offers great singing and horns giving them a much more diverse sound . for me , this is one of those cd 's that i do n't know any of the song titles because whenever i listen to it , i listen to the whole thing straight . if you like jazz and you like jam bands , get this album
richard laymon is one of those writers that some people have a hard time admitting that they really like . having read over a dozen of his novels i have to agree with dean koontz that you will have a `` good time with anything he writes . '' although his plot lines tend to push the limits of probability , the strength of his characters add a verismilitude to his novels that have you wanting to believe this could happen . that is the basic foundation of this book which has six college students chasing after buried treasure in the wilderness after receiving some very accurate and very spooky instructions from a ouija board . now there are very few authors that could take such an almost lame premise like this a build a very suspenseful novel around it- but laymon , as usual , pulls it off . if you are looking for a fast-moving , in your face , page-turning novel and are somewhat willing to suspend your beliefs for a while then you will enjoy this book . i guess reading laymon is like riding a roller coaster , you just pay your money , hang on and enjoy the ride
i was just telling my boss about this record today ! to be honest with you , the first two yes albums are better than the more bombastic and commercially-successful records which follow . the original band focused on short , intricately-arranged , pieces . yes started out thinking `` how beautiful and interesting a statement can we make ? '' and ended up thinking `` how can we impress the audience with our musical cleverness ? '' these two records are often compared to the beatles , but i think they also show the influence of `` odessey and oracle '' -era zombies
this story of a jewish woman in search of her father ( separated from him as a child in <NUM> russia ) , in a time when the world was on the verge of war , is heartbreaking and very real . it is low key but i was riveted . you can feel the underlying tension of knowing , and the subtle buildup of the inevitable invasion of paris . it chilled me to the bone in one part to hear the sounds of the germans marching into the city . the movie , considered a sleeper , shows the frightening reality of what it was like to be there at that time in our history and potentially in danger if you were jewish , a gypsy , homosexual , etc . the acting was superb . john turturro ( dante ) , brilliantly plays an italian arrogant , selfish , self-centered , manipulative opera singer who tries with no success to ingratiate himself romantically into suzie 's life ( christina ricci , the heroine of the film ) . her performance was also excellent . the look on her face throughout the film shows her haunted , yet with a quiet strength in her determination to eventually reconnect with her father . her rejection of dante causes her friend and dante 's ex-lover lola ( played brilliantly by cate blanchett who 's russian accent was excellent ) to leave paris and go to america because her life was in danger . in the interim suzie has fallen for cesar , a gypsy horseman played by johnny depp , yet another excellent performance . some people are comparing this gypsy role with the one he played in chocolat . there is no similarity except for him being softspoken and unassuming . definitely not a `` character reprisal '' . not depp 's style . the only character he 's reprising is his pirate , jack sparrow which by now the whole world is aware of . the only thing i did n't like about this movie was the ending . the second it ended , it was like i was thrown into shock . not one for abrupt endings unless the film warrants it . this one did not . but do n't let it stop you from seeing this movie . really holds your attention . i 'm so glad i bought it .
was it worth the attention ? definitely . was it worth the money ? absolutely . was it worth the effort ? certainly . was it worth two years ? probably . was it worth the wait ? not really . does it deserve to be the last effort of the great late director ? unquestionably . as the plot of eyes wide shut unfolds , tom cruise and nicole kidman struggle to attract the audience 's attention . they attentively invite the viewer into their fantasy world , in which dreams might be reality and the reality of one single night becomes a long unforgettable dream . as good of an actor as tom cruise is in this movie , nicole kidman manages to steal the show from him . the scene during which she reveals to her husband how she would have easily given up everything : him , her daughter , and her life for a naval officer is a powerful combo of her performances in the critically acclaimed to die for and the broadway play blue room . the only flawed scene for kidman as alice , an ex-gallery manager , who is currently unemployed , is the sequence where she tells her husband she had a terrible nightmare . her sobs are unemotional in that scene and it does not come out as strong as the rest of her performance . the famously feared orgy scene is indeed peculiar . it captures the viewer attention , but is it really needed ? that scene serves little purpose in conveying the true message of the thin line between imaginary and real life . the entire scenery inside the rich mansion , where the orgy scenes take place , where the masked men pray on hookers , is fantastic regardless of the controversy of its necessity . stanley kubrick , a master of filmmaking , gives an imaginary twist to marriage , dreams , and reality of life . but once the viewer exits the theater , he or she is at loss of words and the thin line between the dream world and the reality disappears . such effect is indeed kubrick 's last legacy .
i agree with other reviewers here -- much of the music on the cd is simply supplemental to the film , is forgetable , nothing really stands out , there is a lack of melody . only one track ( # <NUM> ) `` my name is lincoln '' -- stands apart , offering a theme , melody , choir and resolution -- it is a signature bit of composing that , for me , is really worth the price of the cd
my 2-year-old son loves this book ! it has a wonderful repetitive rhyme that your child will love . & quot ; pigs in the mud in the middle of the rud . oh , no . wo n't do . got ta shoo . but who ? i 'll shoo , that 's who , papa said. & quot ; my son especially likes when the grandma says & quot ; ooooooeeee ! up to me ! & quot ; at the end and saves the day
when i first saw the cover of this special edition , i anticipated that it would be the best ever . when i received and watched it , i found it was perfect , even better off than my anticipation ! it was perfect , glorious , wonderful , splendid , fantastic ... oh , i think it can be described with many , many good words ! when i received this special edition , i was a little disappointed to the surface of the discs , because the pattern on them were not so pretty . but needless to say , the movie is , and will always be classic . however , in this special edition , the movie tableaux became more clear , but , in my opinion , the original tableaux were better , because they gave me very classic feeling . i had watched this movie when i was very , very young , and i had almost forgotten what was it about ! but now , this platinum edition reminded me not only the plots of the movie but also some beautiful memories in my childhood ! just as my anticipation , many wonderful things were in disc <NUM> ! my favourite parts were deleted scenes and the making of bambi . bambi was one of the cutest disney characters in my opinion , and through these <NUM> parts , i knew how bambi was created and something i 've never known about bambi . the part which attracted me most was the legacy continues , the trailer of `` bambi-2 '' . i was excited to see this ! if it was n't for this , i would n't know `` bambi-2 '' which was so wonderful would be published ! the part which entertained me much was the personality profile game called what 's your season . just like the fact , my season is summer , my favourite season ! and the animated short named the old mill was so beautiful too ! there were many interesting and attractive things in this 2-disc special edition , everything in it will entertain you much . it will make you to love this beloved movie more and more ! and i think it will make you to wait for `` bambi-2 '' expectantly
i personally like all of baba raul canizare 's booklets on the orishas , each booklet comes with various patikis `` orisha mythology and legends '' songs , chants , and prayers . these booklets are a collection of the most popular orishas as worshipped in the orisha tradition of lucumi . they are just booklets , and are good for the novice in the religion , or those who are curious about a certain orisha . worth the 4.95 . check out the whole collection . eshu-eleggua elegbara : santeria and the orisha of the crossroads <NUM> , obatala : santeria and the white robed king of the orisha , <NUM> , oshun : santeria and orisha of love and sensuality <NUM> , babalu aye : santeria and the lord of pestilence <NUM> , shango : santeria and the orisha of thunder <NUM> . all sold here in amazon.co
from the intimate clubs of the world to the stage at kennedy center in washington , dc , lynne arriale continues to prove why she is the first lady of melodic jazz . i do not believe that i can adequately describe her music and that of the great lynne arriale trio , and so i would encourage you to listen to some of the `` cuts '' here at amazon . not only is lynne an excellent composer , she and her trio interpret the music of other 's like no one else . listen to their interpretation of burt bacharach 's `` a house is not a home '' and see if it does n't rip your heart out . i can not recommend the music of the lynne arriale trio enough . why not take a moment and enrich your life buy making a purchase of the trio 's latest release : inspiration . and , while you 're at it , if you do n't have their other recordings , may i suggest to add them to your music library as well . you will not be disappointed . i am happy to end this review in the way i most often like to : dayton says : buy this cd
easily put , one of the best dance albums ever released.alice has left a trail for all other dance dj 's to follow.if you listen to today 's stuff like lasgo,4 strings , etc .... you will notice the similarities in the music.this album is brilliant and leaves nothing to be desired , providing hella energy and mega emotions.although released in <NUM> , it 's still at the top of my list.you need to hurry up and get this dance fans
so fast i think he drove out to my house himself and put it in my mailbo
what do you do when you witness you boyfriend killing someone ? go into witness protection at a convent . lounge singer deloris becomes sister mary clarence . but when sister mary clarence is whoopi goldberg expect a lot of attitude . delores finds it hard adjusting to convent life . that is until she gets her hands on the choir . she turns a mediocre off key group into a hip ensemble . this draws too much attention and her mobster boyfriend finds her . this ends up in a wild chase by the sisters through a las vegas casino . maggie smith is always a good choice for any role but she is wasted a bit as the mother superior . the best supporting roles goes to the three sidekick nuns mary patrick , mary roberts , mary lazarus - kathy najimy , newcomer wendy makkena and the proverbial nun mary wickes ( this is her third of four times as basically the same character and she ended her career as a gargoyle on notre dame . ) this is a sit back and enjoy film , no messages , not much to think about . dvd extras : inside sister act - a very standard <NUM> minute making of featurette with director emile arolino , the sisters mary wickes , kathy najimy and wendy makkena and star whoopi goldberg . music videos - if my sister 's in trouble by lady soul and i will follow him by delores and the sisters .
all of us over <NUM> types looking for a trip down memory lane with the likes of supercar ( mike mercury ) and fireball xl5 ( steve zodiac ) can take a more engaging trip with captain scarlet , which did n't air in the u.s . it 's like discovering a lost and forgotten series . ufo fans will recognize the voice of captain blue as ed bishop . it 's also somewhat uncanny that a show written <NUM> years ago about the mysterons `` war of nerves '' against mankind is not unlike the present-day threat of terrorism . unlike supercar and xl5 , people do die in this series , so small children might be disturbed . personally , i think this is the best series that anderson ever did ( sorry thunderbirds fans )
i have no idea what people are thinking here . this is one of wendy and lisa 's strongest albums aside from eroica . maybe people just are n't into listening to lisa sing , since she does most of the vocals for this album . however , i am a huge fan of lisa , and any time i can get the opportunity to hear her sing , i cherish it . i think she has a marvelous and very sweet voice . some people have cited their first album was much stronger , but i disagree . the first album was way to & quot ; pop-ish & quot ; for my tastes , and they had n't really come into their own yet . it just did n't have the depth of eroica or girl bros. waterfall was ok , but it has nothing on & quot ; i 've got no strings & quot ; , & quot ; bring you back & quot ; , or & quot ; i 've got a big bowl of cherries & quot ; . and for the people complaining about jonathan 's death hanging too much over this album , this album was all about jonathan 's death ! the whole reason they wrote the thing was part of their grieving process . the album is dedicated to him ! get a clue ! to the reviewer ragging on the hidden track : that 's deidcated to trevor horn , who screwed the girls over when he was producing ( or more accurately , supposed to be producing ) their album & quot ; friendly fire & quot ; . he put it off for six years and then sucked the life out of it when he finally finished it and gave it back to them , rendering it a completely unplayable piece . ( lisa said it sounded like & quot ; an italian coffee table & quot ; after he got through with it . ) they did n't just throw that track in to be trendy or something , you know . if you 're going to do a review , at least get your history and your facts straight . for the record , i like the hidden track , with its & quot ; delta blues & quot ; sound , and the lyrics are pretty scathing . so anyway , do n't listen to these other yahoos here saying that gb is n't all that good . they 're wrong . girl bros is a great album . definitely one of their top ones . tchad blake did a great job on production , and the track lineup is varied and engaging . every song has great depth and excellent melody
i was too young to be in love at that time but i remember jamming to `` no more lies '' on the radio . in fact , i enjoy the whole album , and listen to them all except `` if '' and `` special thanks '' - her squeaky voice cracks me up
i kid you not ! .. he ghost wrote <NUM> of the <NUM> tracks on private times for al b . sure .. ask yourself this question : how come you never actually saw a picture of kyle west ? ... hmm ? overall , a really good album.i would n't recommend buying the first one but this one i do : )
if you 've ever worked for a corporation and dwelled in 'cubicle city ' , then this one 's for you ! you have to watch this movie . ron livingston and jennifer aniston are excellent in this film . it 's taken from the `` milton '' shorts and is absolutely hilarious
if everyone in the world read this book just once , it would be such a more enjoyable place to live in ..
imagine a world where the church ran everything . sound good ? well , it 's not . just like in the middle ages , this church rules with an iron hand . since god must be with the church , then opposition to the church is considered witchcraft , and it seemingly comes from satan . a wonderful view of the negative possibilities should one single religion ever really take over the world . lieber is a master writer , and this is one of his very best novels
let me first say i think this was one of julia roberts best roles in a film . and hugh grant plays a very low key laid back guy not without dry wit and humor . even though this could never happen in real life , it is a charming film . my wife and i saw it in the theatre and own it on dvd . this film works on several levels . the humor and the romance with some clever writing . grant 's unasumming casual character , william thaker , is changed when he meets megastar anna scott ( roberts ) in his travel book store and she is browsing through books on turkey . grant , `` that book is not very good if browsing turns into buying , whereas this author ( holding up a different book ) has actually been to turkey . '' she leaves the store and he later bumps into her on the street and spills orange juice on her , creating the need for her to change her clothing . grant lives just across the street . so the romance begins . grant 's roommate , spike , is quite a character . a slovenly smoker , who does n't wash his clothes or clean up after himself . a quirky kind of guy that ads some comedic moments to the film . grant 's sister in the film is totally the opposite of his character . overally talkative , wild hair , wide eyes and they do n't resemble each other . you have to suspend belief that she could actually be his sister . grant 's friends are believeable and quite funny at times . when his good friend is driving through london and everyone in the car is trying to give him directions he slams on the brakes and tells them to be quiet , `` james bond never has to put up with this kind of sh * * . '' the musical score works quite well i believe . i enjoy many of the songs from the cd , with the exception of `` she '' by costello . his voice is wrong for the song . the beginning and ending scenes of the film have the song . it would have been better to close the film with `` when you say nothing at all '' sung by ronan keating . the song is used quite well in a previous scene in the same setting . shania twain sings `` you 've got a way in the closing credits and boyzone also contribute with an abbreviated `` no matter what '' written by andrew lloyd webber in the closing credits . one of the best uses of a song is bill withers `` ai n't no sunshine '' sung as grant walks through scenes showing the passing of time by the change of seasons . very well done . knowing how the press hound celebrities it is difficult to believe anna scott , a mega film star with pictures everywhere , is not followed by papparazzi every time she leaves her london hotel and that people do n't recognize her when she is with grant in public . i would recommend this film
the soundtrack of this movie was undoubtedly instrumental in making empire of the sun the amazingly beautiful movie that it is . with the first track alone , suo gan , which is actually a welsh lullaby and not a japanese song , you 'll find yourself riveted and drawn to the time and place and story of jim . the beauty of listening to this soundtrack is sitting back , and reliving the scenes from the movie in your head . it is timeless , bittersweet and triumphant all in one
this book contains very good drawings of various craftsman details . everything from front doors to various builtins . the author shows the historic details and how to recreate them with modern construction methods and materials . there are no color photos , but none are need for the type of book it is . i would love to have this author release a book on craftsman exteriors ! ! !
this is one of my favorite anime series of all time . i 've had this collection for about a month and not only have i watched it repeatedly , but i 've shown it to all of my friends and now they all want it ! this thinpack boxset is a great value over buying the series individually . one note : this has all <NUM> episodes of fumoffu on <NUM> discs , while the separate dvds have <NUM> episodes on <NUM> discs . ( when i saw a fourth disc for sale i got worried that i was missing something . ) i watched all of the fumuffo eopisodes before watching the complete original full metal panic and still thoroughly ejoyed them . there is n't much carry-over between them , although the characters are the same . i love sosuke 's deadpan comic lines . my favorite episode is the `` patient of darkness , '' where kaname tries to get a rise out sosuke in a haunted hospital . a must have for your anime collection
is this movie perfect ? far from it , but this is part of its charm . none of the reviews i have read thus far have included the priceless , utterly hillarious scene enacted by the superb sir laurence harvey performing the `` to be , or not to be '' soliloquy from hamlet in front of a stodgy uppercrust theater audience while performing a striptease ! the final shot of his codpiece being tossed out into the audience is worth the price of the movie alone .
alt ed is a very interesting book . it talks about all the stereotypes that teenagers have to put up with in high school . it shows how rude people can be to others . i liked how the kids had to get involved in the group . the group helped the kids open up to each other and to say what needed to be said . without the group i think a lot of the kids would have gotten into even more trouble then they were in . this book is great if you want to teach others about respect and stereotypes
this is a very enteraining movie and really enjoyed all of the intrigue that it had and the good ending
i found this book at my local used book store . i was a little hesitant to buy it because i was afraid it would your typical teenage agnst story . but for only four dollars , what was there to lose ? i was in for a surprise and a real treat ! this book not only captures the teenage insecurities that most of us have felt , or are feeling , but it also captures that nervous , excited , almost panicked feeling a lot of us get after graduating high school , and moving on into the & quot ; real & quot ; world . the book was unique in many many ways . the first third of the book was the main character describing a history of her life by describing pictures she had found , and giving a short story for each one . the second section , told from her point of view , gave the reader insight into her high school life , dealing with peer pressure , school , and dating . in the third part of the book , she begins college , and also begins to spiral out of control , and the books tone shows this . this section is told in third person , as if she is going through so much , that she feels she is watching herself from the outside . i was very impressed with the writing style and the story line . i would recommend this book to anyone
my take is that this is dudley 's best movie , better than both `` authurs '' . while funny , risque and cute for the collective conscious of the late '70s , the scene sequences appear rather hackneyed and pale in the 2000s . the plot is mediocre . the greatness of the movie lay in dudley moores registration of wit shown by his mercurical , elegant and moving use of facial expressions and repartee with brian denehey at the bar and especially at the piano , revealing both great depth of feeling and consumate artistry as a musician . this piano scene , alone reason for <NUM> stars , was the saving grace .
wow . i have both of jak 's cds . each is awesome . extremely well done - lyrics , music , tone ... wow . i ca n't wait until a third album . i ca n't get enough . he 's my new favorite singer-songwriter . you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
my son ask for this for christmas ( he 's <NUM> ) . he has watched these movies too many times to count . he can quote lines and he knows all the songs . i would rather my <NUM> year old watch these movies than some of the other movies out these
for me , there are two key assertions in robert adams ' `` beauty in photography '' . first , that we `` live in discouraging hours of society 's apparent decay '' ( p. <NUM> ) . second , that the purpose of art is to `` help us meet our worst fear , the suspicion that life may be chaos and that therefore our suffering is without meaning '' ( p. <NUM> ) . from these two assertions adams develops his interpretation of photography : photography detects , extracts and emphasizes the beauty around us , and by doing so it points toward something deeper in the world , an organizing power , a coherence supporting the world and our lifes . to adams , photography is a spiritual exercise , making bearable an otherwise decaying sourrounding . art not concerned with depicting the world beautifully is , to adams , mere `` decoration '' . thus , adams tells us little interesting about most modern art , and his approach does not generalize , for instance , to music . that beauty can exist as such , that it can tell us something about ourselves even without refering to things in the world : this does not seem to be adams experience . in these very conservative views i disagree with adams . still , i recommend his essays to anyone who wants to understand why some photography is moving us while other is not . even if adams is not telling the whole story -probably nobody will- he is an excellent writer who talks about art in a clear and understandable way . the only disappointment with the book was the poor reproduction quality of the images depicted . as a publisher specializing in photography books aperture could do better
of all the movies that hitchcock directed this is the best one . the plot is captivating , the casting superb but the directing is unique . you actually think that you are part of the set and feel the mercury rising . a masterpiec
i am one of the people who got the album when it originally came out . i had it memorized . when it first came out on cd , i was disapoointed . i had noticed that quite a bit of it was cut , especially the bit he talks about before the vsm . however , when i found that the legacy cd came out . i had to buy it . boy , i have not been disappointed . it is great . it is even better because they have added some songs that were not even on the original cd .
i do n't really like the allman brothers . i do n't like jam music . i do n't even like 70s rock . but i love this album . listening to it in the deadness of an upstate ny winter , it still makes me feel like it 's a summer day at the lake with a bunch of friends
from a serious u2 fan 's perspective , the best thing about this dvd is simply the selection of songs . the bonus material is cool , the sound quality 's great , the visuals are always impressive , but it 's the songs that are the real attraction . as it should be . two scorching rockers from their criminally ignored debut album boy , four in a row from the all-time masterpiece achtung baby , and nearly everything from their grammy-sweeping triumph how to dismantle an atomic bomb . i also love that they chose to not play anything from their string of disappointing nineties albums . good call ! also , many familiar songs are given exciting new treatments , such as running to stand still ( a perfect hybrid of the joshua tree and zoo tv versions ) , elevation ( longer , better build-up ) , bullet the blue sky ( check out edge 's extended blues jam in the final minutes ) , and original of the species ( acoustic piano ballad ) . this was the first major u2 tour in which they routinely and substantially altered the set list . for instance , when i saw them they played miss sarajevo , stuck in a moment , gloria , i still have n't found what i 'm looking for , instant karma , until the end of the world , and others not represented here . here 's hoping they release at least one more vertigo tour dvd ...
this album good . me like very much.if you no like it , go f * * * yourself . if you no like it , you suck more then me english . actually , my english is not bad at all . this album is great . the beat can be memorized until doomsday and eminem kicked a * * . but bizzare stunk , except he was pretty good on one track . but bizzare 's crappy voice and flows does not screw up this album . go buy this album now . when you hear it , you will go crazy over it . if you do n't , the devil is ready to welcome you into hell .
i loved this cd . this was alot better than addendum but o well i advise you to get storm and addendum
my favourite group of music makers ever .. the album did not dissappoint .. thank you amazo
i am so grateful for this book and to barbara feldon to write it for us . it prepared me for the holidays and how to plan for them so i could get through them . i am thankful that she helped me avoid pitfalls during vacations . and her clear and simple direction about designing my financial independence put me on the right track . her wonderful hints how to have nice highlights with people with whom we interact all the time is making my daily life filled with kindness and friendly smiles . i still refer to her book all the time when i need to remind myself to be kind to myself and when the solo life gets rough sometimes . it is a must-have
i rated this album <NUM> stars because it would n't let me do a 4.9 star . 3:16 was the perfect lp . this is very close . there is no one song that stands out like there was on 3:16 with , walk like a man , but still , the cd is one of the best yet . let me say this , i have <NUM> murs cds , the end of the beginning , 3:16 , and now murray 's revenge . this is the second best of the <NUM> . track <NUM> , dreamchaser , is definately worth putting on repeat all day . that is my favorite song on the cd . all of the tracks on here are solid . for someone trying to get a feel for murs and his style , he uses a lot of samples in his beats like kanye west , and his flow , well , hes in a league of his own . one of the best lyricists out there today and maybe of all time . he is not underground , but not big yet either . he deserves air time . his tracks are n't aimed for that like say , a nelly or little jon . all i can say is , murs deserves to be one of the top emcees in the business . and in my opinion , he is , by far . it would be interesting to see a colaboration between murs and say , mos def or the roots . all in all , buy this cd
being a newer fan to anti-flag and only catching their albums ( the terror state and for blood and empire ) i will admit my ignorance along the lines of their earlier work with what little i know of it . something that i have noticed with a large majority of the negative reviews about this album is how they view the political aspects of the album and of the band , as well . is this not a cd ? does the cd not have music . how about having a critic on just the music itself like how many of the songs have strong messages and i 've been hearing some impressive bass parts along with very catchy songs . i do n't know who crass is and i do n't care . it 's all a matter of opinion and if you do n't like the album , that 's your deal . i think it 's pretty solid . though , i will say this . something that i have never liked about anti-flag is their music is so limited . you can only write so many songs about the same topic before it gets old . something that i have always appreciated with bands is versatility with writing songs . so far from what i 've heard , it 's just all politics ... though that is the path that anti-flag has chosen to take and they have stuck with it ever since . so kudos to them
this is most possibly the illest rap cd to ever hit stores . the two headed monsta black c and mr cee , along with company , cellski and hitman put together pounding beats , sick flows , and sweet hooks . the rhymes are very creative . the highlights of this album be `` blue bird '' best track on the lp , `` bounce to this '' gets your pumped for the album . `` i got my nine '' . `` niggaz on the jock '' `` m.n.o.h.p '' `` pass the zig zags '' and `` dedication '' but all the tracks pound . this gem from rbl posse is a must have for any west coast rap fan
i have seen many anime 's and this one has a really good soundtrack for the hack liminality anime 's . this is for there ps2 game series . even though the game+anime is n't available in the us this is a soundtrack to buy . comes with some techno , and great choir soundtracks in latin i thin
the best movie i have seen in a long time have watched it a few times and never get tried of it it brought home what the people of ireland had to go through and the heartache
in england though she recently broke up with her boyfriend , seventeen-year-old charlotte feels good about herself and her future as she is doing well in school , lives in a relatively happy all female home , and seems adjusted . that is until she learns she is pregnant . her mom karen is a teacher 's aide struggling with her mother nan 's mind slowly slipping away with the demands from that side already overwhelming . her patience is over the edge when charlotte informs her she is pregnant . upset and unable to contain her anger , karen can not believe that history has repeated itself because when she was sixteen she gave birth to karen . though she loves her daughter all her dreams died with her birth . she did marry the father but thankfully divorced that loser soon afterward . as nan drifts deeper into the past including insisting that she adopted karen , the mentally exhausted sandwich generation is not sure what to do as charlotte decides to give birth except to flee in search of her biological mother dreaming of a loving comforting welcome . this fascinating character study is at its best when the audience sees deep inside the three generations with deep understanding of being an unwed mother , a child having a child , the sandwich generation , and the creeping of dementia ( as well as a late stroke ) . when the tale spins off into the biological mother twist it loses some of its depth until karen returns to her `` real '' family . somewhat a soap opera , the bad mother 's handbook is a strong family drama that focuses on the demands and responsibilities on women without men . harriet klausner
i never thought this would be as funny as it was but it was . you really have to have a wacky side though , the same side you would use when you watch anchorman or harold and kumar go to white castle . i understand some people not being able to get on this level of crazy stupidity to laugh at this but if you are this is definitely a movie you and your friends need to watch . there are a lot of hidden jokes you wo n't get until the second time you watch it like when the new owner left his hummer parked outside and i just got a was spray painted in front of hummer sorry if you do n't get it . snowboarding buddies rick ( jason london ) , luke ( zach galifianakis ) , anthony ( flex alexander ) and pig pen ( derek hamilton ) are living like kings on alaska 's bull mountain . partying hard , looking for girls , and doing just about anything to have a good time is what life on bull mountain is all about . but when town founder papa muntz dies , his son ted ( willie garson ) decides to sell the mountain to a nasty colorado ski mogul john majors . everyone is going crazy because they 're losing their jobs and they ca n't afford to keep living where they are . by his plans to turn the boarding mountain into an espresso-and-tofu ski resort , and it 's up to these idiots to save the mountain .
i 'll keep this review short and sweet , it has it all and in my opinion is the best lesbian film ever made . it 's one movie that made cry and made me laugh and left me wanting more at the end . all of the actresses were fantastic , my particular favourites were vanessa redgrave and chloe sevigny . these were no cheesy performances which unfortunately are common in many lesbian movies , and it 's a movie you can watch over and over again . worth any amount of money
i saw a great show at fishlips in bakersfield last wednesday : wayne `` the train '' hancock . he sang like a modern-day hank williams , and had a great band , just jake on stand up bass , and johnny on the telecaster . wayne just strummed an acoustic guitar , one stroke per beat , but was always right in the pocket , his guitar was holding down the tempo while the electric guitar filled in when he was n't singing , and the bass just kept the beat going like crazy . it is a testament to the trio 's chops that they could inspire someone to dance right from the first song . they had a really crazy rhythm going and it never let up . and there was not even a drummer in the band . the bass player was always pushing the beat , but with perfect placement , and intonation , which ai n't that easy on a fretless stand up bass . wayne played for about <NUM> hours , and he let his girlfriend gina play a few songs while he took a break . i took that opportunity to get wayne 's autograph . when he got back on stage he sang and talked about all the counties where he was incarcerated . quite a few . i loved the show , it was a prodigious display of musical virtuosity . if you closed your eyes you could have sworn it was hank williams , yet he had his own style , and was n't just a clone of hank . he was what hank would sound like if he were alive and just a little bit older than hank williams iii , his grandson is right now . the songs on tulsa are great , and whether he is live or in the studio , he sounds fantastic . wayne hancock refuses to compromise his music , to sweeten it , to make it more commercial , to do anything other than play music he really feels deep down inside , and to make you feel it deep down inside , too .
.... you can buy them all separately and maybe get some actual liner notes ! ! ! when i bought this , i thought the slipcover holding all three films was pretty nifty . what weirded me out was that all the movies were not shrink-wrapped , and the liner notes or liner card on the inside front covers were missing . the topper was my copy of fistful of dollars had rip marks on the very top of the back cover paper . i 'm about to put them in the player to see if i 'm getting top quality or irregular materials . my advice is to just buy these separately
our <NUM> mo . old loves this music much more than the kiddy tunes that mom and dad can hardly bear to listen to .
patty loveless 's work in the 80s and 90s was exceptional ( it is a shame that she shifted to bluegrass ( maybe because she ca n't get any airplay on country stations ? which favors stuff like faith hill , who ca n't even carry patty 's microphone . ) .as for this cd , it is exceptional , you can not get much better on a single disk than this ( maybe toby keith 's greatest hits <NUM> ? ) . songs like `` i think about elvis '' , `` lonely too long '' , `` blame it on your heart '' . `` here i am '' , and `` how can i help you say goodbye ? '' ( a real heartwrenching song , and this is from an alpha male ) , are country classics . and the rest of the cd does not have a weak song either . patty loveless blows away just about any other female country singer since patsy cline with the exception of sherrie austin ( another singer who can not get airplay ) . there is beauty , humor , sadness , and most of all intelligence in her music . patty is country for people who love intelligent , well thought out , and original lyrics . i would highly recommend getting this cd , then go out an get her `` greatest hits '' cd for material such as `` timber '' and `` chains '' ( that cd also gets <NUM> stars , but is a little weaker ) . simply put this is a flawless cd
i give this dvd an enthusiastic <NUM> stars . if you 're into rush at all , or a serious drummer , this is a must have . it focuses mainly on the art of solo-ing , something mr peart does well at , but there 's enough material on the <NUM> discs to keep anyone fan or drummer interested . well worth the money .
this workout is formidable for those who do n't have a lot of time to work out . it targets all major muscle groups , arms , buns , thighs , abs and it includes a stretching section . several exercises are performed to target each muscle group , so the workout is never boring . moreover , the exercises are very simple to follow .. one can definitely feel the burn , a sign that the exercises are working .
as someone who loved this wonderful series during the <NUM> 's and in sindication in later years - i still love it today - at age <NUM> . as many have said - it seems that george reeves was the one and only person to portray superman . he had the charm , charisma , the classic fine features , sense of humor , as well as very appealing vocal and acting qualities many actors today i 'm sure - wish they had . and of course - that wonderful smile of his that few could resist . i have read that he was a very nice person to work with on the set and was always very sensitive and kind to others . however - i 'm not sure if everyone out there who loved him in the role knew how much he loved children and how much he did for them . i 've heard and read many interviews about him and his portrayal of superman and how he would devote many hours entertaining sick children in hospitals as the man of steel . many children indeed - looked up to him as their own superman and the great and wholesome role model he portrayed . `` around the world with superman '' the last episode in the second season dvd , very nicely shows george 's sensitivity and love for children as he tries to help a young blind girl regain her sight and takes her on a once in a lifetime flight around the world - in his arms . when he first visits the girl in her mother 's apartment as clark kent and as superman - with the aid of the wonderful background music that made the <NUM> 's series so memorable and enjoyable - one can clearly see george reeve 's love for children in his voice and the things he says to her and way he looks at the young girl . indeed - a very touching and sensitive episode , and in my humble opinion - a very nice and memorable tribute to george .
there really is n't much you can say but totally unpredictable and absolutely ingenius from start to finish . one of those rare records that keeps you on the edge of your seat and you find yourself saying about every other minute `` how the hell did he think of that ? '' . the ideas are bountiful and over the top brilliant . every record collection should have at least one copy of can tago mago , captain beefheart trout mask replica and naked city by john zorn . amazing stuff
last night , i watched the documentary , fog of war , about former secretary of defense , robert s. macnamara , the harvard-educated whiz kid who many call the architect of the vietnam war . it is the portrait of a brilliant , but profoundly troubled old man who weeps about selecting a plot of ground in arlington in which to bury jfk , but is steel-eyed as he recounts bombing sorties that destroy hundreds of thousands . while fighting hard to stay composed , it is evident that macnamara is haunted by his own dark deeds and the human condition but remains stubbornly out of touch with the part of himself that orchestrated them . the experiences he recounts - most notably , in wwii , devising ways for u.s. bomb to destroy most of japan , killing over 100,000 civilians a day to presiding over the dept of defense for eight years of the u.s. in vietnam - are stunning in his application of sophisticated management techniques and statistics to destroy lives and nations . were he not on the side of good , he observes at one point , he would surely be tried as a war criminal , to which i would add , on a scale equal to hitler . macnamara is a very bright man and the film is well done , even if the interviewer could n't quite decide whether to be in it or not , and therefore does n't use a microphone for his own questions . it 's also a very valuable instructive tool - recounting in chilling detail how close we came to nuclear war in the cuban missile crises , the cold war , world war ii and finally vietnam . it is also heavily edited , i would imagine so that macnamara could be firmly in charge , pulling back and stepping forward as suits him . it is therefore filled with omissions and lies - the willingness of the u.s. to go to war to protect its economic interests and the fabrication at johnson 's insistence of the gulf of tonkin resolution , a perfect analog to the trumped up intelligence bush used to justify invading iraq . although it is about history and the role of a man who dedicated much of his professional life to efficiently killing people ( in the name of ideals and for our leaders , he would hasten to add , sounding very similar to generals in the third reich ) , the film is especially chilling as it lays out eleven lessons for our nation , several of which we are flagrantly violating today in iraq ; namely , <NUM> , <NUM> , <NUM> , <NUM> , <NUM> & <NUM> . in fact , the parallels between the folly of believing we could win the war in indochina and our present situation in what was formerly persia are so profound , it 's a wonder there are n't more documentaries , novels , essays and intelligent discourse on the subject . ( read graham greene 's the quiet american , written in the late 50s , and the folly of our efforts in vietnam is plain enough for an 8th grader to get ) . <NUM> . empathize with your enemy . <NUM> . rationality will not save us . <NUM> . there 's something beyond one 's self . <NUM> . maximize efficiency . <NUM> . proportionality should be a guideline in war . <NUM> . get the data . <NUM> . belief and seeing are both often wrong . <NUM> . be prepared to reexamine your reasoning . <NUM> . in order to do good , you may have to engage in evil . <NUM> . never say never . <NUM> . you ca n't change human nature . what 's even sadder is that as many mistakes and as much damage as macnamara committed , he is head and shoulders above dick cheney , don rumsfeld and the rest of the bush administration . that george w. bush is out of the class of statesman is so obvious , i wo n't waste time describing how poorly he fares next to jfk , kruschev and even fellow texas cowboy , lyndon b. johnson . fog of war is an excellent film . in macnamara , shakespeare would feel vindicated for creating some of his darkest characters . pure evil does exist . it is , in its most extreme , as hannah arendt alleged after wwii , banal .
like the book very muc
the details of everyday life in a confederacy of dunces add up to a complex picture of new orleans in the early sixties . we get a sense , as well , of the changes coming on a broader level : the old world is passing away , and a new world is coming into being on the streets of the quarter . critical theory students at louisiana state university are analyzing this text nine different ways , and finding a multitude of meanings . they understand how new historical analysis proves especially delightful and insightful
i will cry at anything it seems , my girl & armageddon floor me everytime , and i sometimes even cry at neighbours . so i just knew by reading the blurb of this , that i would cry . it 's amazing these days that a friendship can span three decades - so far my longest friendship has lasted nearly <NUM> years . and we 've been through a lot , but never had a serious argument . as the old saying goes , guys , jobs , etc come & go , but friendships last forever . in this , the friendship starts at the age of roughly <NUM> , and the young actresses who play barbara hershey & bette midler 's characters are excellent . the little actress who plays cece bloom at <NUM> is the spitting image of bette midler - poor child ! she 's got the hair , the wide smile and the mannerisms down pat , and it 's so funny to watch her . it 's a shame mayim bialik has n't done much else , it 's mainly voice work she does now ( most notably she voices a character in extreme ghostbusters . ) they become penpals , and the relationship is played out through letters , until they finally get together . the film spirals from there , from husbands , to divorces , to arguments , to children . it 's predictable , and i did find bette midler 's character just a little irritating , but that was n't due to bette midler . it was just the way she played the character she annoyed me , she was so self centered . barbara hershey 's character was fun , kinda the sidekick to cece , and barbara actually got collagen injections in her lips to look younger , as she was playing her character through such a long period . of course you know barbara 's character is gon na get ill , but it 's the way it 's done , it 's very subtle to start with , she starts looking more tired , and then it snowballs , and it 's shocking how they manage to make her look so awful , she deteriorates really quickly , and i have to say the makeup artists did an excellent job there . the funniest line in this film is my title for this review . `` over the shoulder boulder holders '' is the perfect way to describe those annoying things called bras . i 've heard `` wind beneath my wings '' many times before , and it 's an extremely powerful song . what made a bigger difference was watching what was happening on screen , and listening to the lyrics , it brought a whole new meaning to the song , a meaning that i never got before . well , that was me . thankfully , i was watching this alone at the time , cos it would have been really embarrassing for someone to see me crying the way i did . to say beaches had an effect on me is the understatement of the year . even after i 'd switched it off , i was still going about the house in tears . i 'll never hear `` wind beneath my wings '' the same again . unfortunately , i bought the bog standard , no frills , dvd , not realising that there was a special edition . but i 'm quite happy with the edition i have . i 'd probably cry through the extras too . i 'll probably watch this again ( i still force myself to watch armageddon & my girl now & again , just because i love them that much ) , and i 'll probably cry even more now i know what 's coming . it 's a terrific film , and is definitely the ultimate chick flick . it 's also directed by garry marshall , so watch out for a cameo by hector elizondo
though the title implies it , this book is not really a sequal to the six easy pieces . they can be read seperately . it treats some of the concepts centered around special and general relativity that revolutionized physics near the turn of the century . it would be impossible to find another book that can dive so deeply into topics such as symmetry and space-time , while bypassing formalism and exposing the fundemental ideas and signficance in every-day terms . the delivery is in lecture form , and while that makes it more authentic and real , the fact that this is a book and the reader is not really in a lecture , makes it a little awkward . one often gets the feeling that one had to be there to get the full benefit . there is little attempt at explaining the historical context and other niceties and focus is solely on the concepts themselves . one needs to have at least college level math background to follow the derivations . feynman has done a phenomenal job in reducing such complex concepts into digestable pieces of conversation . there is no abstraction , everything is quantified . i especially enjoyed the chapter curved space , as i had never seen it treated so intimately . the self consistency of all these topics and how they are interrelated is elegantly presented .
i 'm probably looking for something different than proper techno-heads , but i found that the entire album is good dancing music ( latin ... think cha cha or samba if you 're really athletic ) or at least fun to listen to . my favorite by far is # <NUM> , of course
i must give a nod on my site , here , to kiss . since this album is chock-full of the best of kiss , i will thus toss this one into my eclectic mix of a review site , here , of the books , music , and movies i so appreciate - and any song that i recall hearing that literally caused me to turn around and stare at the radio in wonder at what i was hearing definitely gets a top , all time favorite spot on my site . i think i was washing the dishes when i first heard one of kiss ' early , trend breaking records , `` love gun `` . the stucture of the song , the voice , the sound ; loved it . also , i recently heard the kiss classic , `` beth '' , playing quietly over the muzak system at the grocery store . that took me right back to the seventies ... and i realized that `` beth '' -as well as kiss -has quite well stood the test of time .
i was rather dissapointed by the awful review 's of this cd . i love the band and consider all of there cd 's to be the best one 's in my collection . ville valo 's lyrics just pull you into a different reality . the bands songs mixed with the chris isaak and blue oyster cult 's covers of wicked game and do n't fear ( the reaper ) make the cd better than imaginable . i do n't care what the other reviews say i would consider this one of my favorite cd 's .
this book was excellent and easy reading . my <NUM> year old granddaughter , her mothe , my father and i read all of dave pelzer 's series of <NUM> books . we also read his brother 's story
i remember seeing this movie years ago in college and have continued to like it ever since . the movie starts off at the <NUM> calgary olympics . doug dorsey ( d.b . sweeny ) is a talented hockey player and kate mosley ( moira kelly ) is a pairs figure skater . both have mishaps during their big moments , doug suffering a career ending injury and kate falling during her performace and failing to meet her own expectations . the movie picks up a few years later with kate having trouble getting a new partner and doug is on the skids unable to fulfill his dream of becoming a star hockey player . added to the mix is kate 's russian couch anton pamchenko ( played by the great roy dotrice ) who decides rick will be kate 's new partner as they struggle to get back to the <NUM> olympics . at first glance this is a sports movie about figure skating , but that is not entirely so . the scenes involving the leads on the ice are surprisingly abstract as neither is a professional skater . in truth this is a character driven story and most of the action takes place off the ice . it is absolutely charming to watch the two lead characters go from a dislike of one another , to extreme rivalry and finally ending up in love . the thing that absolutely makes this happen is the chemestry between the leads sweeney and kelly . they are magic together on the screen , so much so that i am surprised they never paired up again for another movie . i highly recommend this light hearted romance to everyone . on a side note about the dvd , the only special feature is the theatrical trailer . there are no deleted scenes . this is where i have a question , because the version of the film on this dvd and that i 've scene on tv in recent years is not the one i remember seeing in college . i distinctly remember the end scene was the medal ceremony . i somewhat like that version because what doug and kate won in that version was so much more . so where is the version with the alternative ending ? ? ?
this film is about a young porn star who of course had tragedy in her life . when she was <NUM> her mother committed suicide . after her mothers death her father has a break down and later develops parkinson 's disease . at <NUM> she enters the porn industry and fast forward several years later she seems quite happy with her voyeristic life . she juggles being a porn star with caring for her dad and hanging out with her crew of porn star friends and every day girls like her lifelong friend played by rosario dawson who is a law student and another friend who is a teacher . i really enjoyed this film but could n't help but feel like the actress who portrayed moon was doing her best angelina jolie impersonation , i mean she had angelina down pat . james wood deserves an oscar for his role as the dad who has seen himself go down . i enjoyed this film , but like many other films i was frustrated with the story at times . it seemed to be all over the place sometimes . i never knew if the love story between moon and her blind date was going anywhere , then we see mon venture off into a new business , then the porn stars find themselves in mini-crisis ' . although it was all over the place at times , it was a great little indy film , the best indy film i have seen since `` secretary .
this movie was both entertaining and at times , hilarious . charlie sheen is great as the fallen stockbroker turned advice columnist , denise richards is funny as his ditzy , shallow girlfriend and angie harmon is appealing as the editor of the newspaper . also , jon lovitz is hysterical as sheen 's plastic surgeon best friend . this movie is a must for those who want some lighthearted humor . i highly recommend it .
rhode island boasts throwing muses and the cowsills as two musical giants coming from the smallest state . now ri can add the duo of daryl sherman and dave mckenna ! if you ever have a chance to see these two perform , do n't miss it ! ! ! their latest cd jubillee is their most amazing -- wherever you live , you can enjoy their great jazz
nudity ! ! ! we get three different nude french chicks . all show bush . the film was n't full of sex but it had this underlying erotic feel that just makes you horny . so when you did get to see some hot nude chick you were ready to go . the beast thing was strange but very erotic the way he kept getting harder and harder and the girl kept accidently getting him of as he spued gallons of semen everywhere . nice full frontal and i found it very erotic . careful at the begining is some real horse sex . gaint horse penis and throbbing femal horse vigina , i could n't even watch it , very nasty , be ready to fast forward . what was the director thinking
i really enjoy my dvd , their was no marks or lines on the dvd which was excellent.picture was clear and prefect from the cover to the actual dvd .
this movie was one of the better movies i 've ever seen . as far as cute guys , great story-line , and talent go it 's all that ! i ca n't believe how ne1 could not like it . i think it sends a very positive message out about racial issues . and the movie also is n't mushy at all considering it 's a drama . if u like or dis like basketball it does n't matter because it 's still a great movie no matter what ! :
this is one of the good movie/film from westley snipes 's series which i could say is a good recommendation to those whom are interested in this genre of movie/film . there are some other films that could be screening around the world if any . they are : - films luan xing hao qing , du buo xia chang , kong bu feng zhi , xie xu qing wang , laei huo wang huen , love tomb , sex obsession , japanese army , nan nui sha ren quang , tennage problem , sexual fantasy , <NUM> , du jun hao tu , hao sher zhi tu , sleeping beauty , qi ying an , secret society , life of two woman , the fate of vignette 's life , gong ye chang an , gu piao da feng buo , out of justice <NUM> , hooker 's tragic loss , out of justice 3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 and <NUM> , credit card case , pirate organization , sex police officer , sex doctor , kenneth and keith , laurel levor , crook 's work , office tragedy , workholic , mafia , illegal business , caught head on , illicit internet business , illicit internet business <NUM> , internet misuse , quick death , ship building tragedy , sea pirates , diary of richard rills ( war violence , imax ) , nuclear coverup , follow me up , johnny , illegal betting , illegal trading , mrs white , elaine riggs , swimming pool , bacterial war , society problem , tragic death , road accident , wu shu tiao zhan ( kong fu , imax ) , dictatorship , high risk , mechanic woes , sybil , sense of guilt , skallagrig , lorene kerry , john levor , school life , crayon of life , lawfully abandoned , dark days , blink of death <NUM> , <NUM> & <NUM> , danger zone <NUM> & <NUM> and blood ranger , pathetic state , wet market woes , katherine soval , sabotage , broadcasting station scandal , wally 's case , sex killer , i ` love ' you , childhood embroilment , child killer , wreck , publishing tragedy ( imax ) , floodgate , greed , dolf ( imax ) and ed weils glory . enjoy ...
this album is sting 's prophetic masterpiece , a brilliant work of rocknroll genius with a soul , a conscience , and some of the most powerful , beautiful songs written . in this ablum sting addresses crucial political issues of our time , and timeless subjects like love , redemption , war , and more , in poetry that ranks with the very best . like others , i loved dream of the blue turtles and nothing like the sun , but sacred love truly surpasses them in its depth , maturity , passion , varied range and lyrical beauty . this is as good as rock gets , and it rarely gets close to this good . that said , `` sacred love '' may make some people uncomfortable due to the issues sting takes on here , and to the new territory he is exploring through his art . and it may go over the heads of those who do n't want rock and roll to challenge them , musically , politically or spiritually . thank god for artists like sting who follow their muse with unwavering integrity and let the chips fall where they may
if iggy pop helped , as he has claimed , `` to wipe out the 60s , '' bob mould , grant hart and greg norton then helped to bring it back . that is , this band managed to expand upon the musical/emotional/cathartic possibilities in high speed hardcore by drawing upon 60s ( and 70s ) psychedelic and hard rock influences . for instance , elsewhere , the band cover such iconic 60s performers as donovan ( sunshine superman ) and the byrds ( eight miles high ) . and like the who 's quadrophenia lp , this too appears to be also a concept album about a young man 's alienation from the world around him . here , such influences abound . for example , dreams reoccurring 's psychedelic guitar freak out is followed by the absolute hardcore pounding of the great indecision time . hare krishna - based on the street chant by the well known western hindu cult - then combines the hardcore , the psychedelic , and the religious even ; just listen to mould 's crazy and unbelievable guitar playing on it . and then , a few cuts later , the song pride . you can practically envision the band levitating off the floor of the recording studio , and it demands that you turn the volume way up , and maybe blow out a window or two to your house , till your neighbors come over , screaming at you to turn down the noise . and this you can not do , as you are caught up in a husker du trance . such is the power of this <NUM> masterpiece . this then was the record that made me a huge fan of this group , and i will always be convinced that this remains one of rock 's classic recordings by one of its all time greatest bands . i have mixed feelings about the idea of a rock and roll hall of fame , but given that it exists to enshrine the greats of rock history , i predict that one day husker du will be enshrined there , and deservedly so . current day punk bands , i challenge you all to do anything half as raw and intense as this , i absolutely challenge you !
informative , detailed and factual review of the history of conflict between shias and sunnis . the book draws inciteful connections between current events in the middle east and these historic conflicts.the author quite clearly demonstrates how our current approach in iraq did not take these issues into accouint . if bush could read , he should have read this book .
this book is a real asset for anyone , experienced or not . easy tutorials , and many examples of what is possible in painter ix
i listen to this cd at least twice a week . definitely worth every penny and then some . my faves are : i wan na be your lover , do me , baby , delirious , i would die <NUM> u , if i was your girlfriend , kiss , sexy m.f. , gett off , cream , and of course , purple rain . highly recommended
keys to the kingdom is a good offering for fans of gregory peck . this movie trace the life of a man that becomes a missionary after suffering much personal tragedy . the movie is a little on the long side , but is worth the time . look for a great supporting cast that includes thomas mitchell , vincent price , roddy mcdowell and edmund gwenn . a good story and a good cast combine for a good movie
this is the hottest jay you 'll ever hear . ever . i got it the day it came out and i still play it like that day . jay was hungry . if you do n't have it , shame on you .. get it . enough said .
simply put , most horror films do n't age well at all . when i use the term `` horror '' i 'm not refering to the endless supply of slasher and gross-out flicks that have co-opted the genre , i 'm speaking of suspensful tales of the unknown . this is the category in which `` the changeling '' resides and i 'm happy to say that it 's one of the few movies of its type that stands the test of time . the changeling does n't rely on special effects or movie monsters to tell its story . a strong script , excellent direction and fine performances have kept this film looking vibrant and feeling valid 25+ years after its initial release . i would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys suspensful thrillers ( hitchcock ) or modern horror films in the mold of `` the sixth sense '' . if you 're looking for blood and guts or lots of violence you 'll need to look elsewhere ( thankfully ) . this film always chooses the high road to deliver its thrills . for those who do n't prefer to watch r-rated films i can assure you that this film contains almost no foul langauge , has very little violence , no nudity , and certainly nothing that can be considered `` graphic '' by todays standards . most modern films rated pg-13 have more disturbing content than this film . if you 're an adult viewer looking for suspense and thrills but you want to avoid gore and graphic violence .... the changeling is a good choice ! not a perfect film , but an excellent effort that holds up well . -j
if you have questions about being a gay or bisexual teen , this book has the answers . it 's informative , yet interesting and has some great pics too ! check it out ! read it ! live it
this is the second `` remington steele '' that i have purchased , and i love it ! it is wonderful to kick back and watch such a stylish show , with its stellar cast . all of them -- pierce brosnan , stephanie zimbalist and doris roberts entertain me from the time i switch on my television until i turn it off
i looked for awhile to find a colllection that included almost all the songs i remembered from my younger days . this cd pretty well does that . i have heard a lot of imitators over the years , but no one has come very close to her great style and sound
that cd is just touching and well made by zero <NUM> . zero <NUM> is awsome and i am your fan also . thank you for so much .
the most amazing ep you will ever come across . so much emotion flows through this album , tears come from my cd player every time in amazement . do yourself a favor and buy this album , you will never ever regret it .
this 2nd chapter takes place almost immediately after `` zombie island '' concludes . while i do n't consider this 2nd chapter quite as good as `` zombie island , '' this 2nd chapter nails down the formula for a good sequel . it brings back enough familiar elements ( the gang ) , but it offers a different adventure . while this 2nd chapter is not quite as intense as `` zombie island , '' it would probably still be a good idea for parents to screen it before they give it to their children . scooby and the gang solve a mystery ( at least in part ) at a museum and meet the writer ben ravencroft . he invites the gang to visit his 'quiet ' home in massachusetts . for an animated movie , the scenery is actually quite impressive . well , ben and the gang discover that the town is anything but quiet due to the publicity over the possible presence of a witch 's ghost . ( the mayor and the t shirt guy bear a striking resemblance to boss hogg and sheriff roscoe . ) naturally , our favorite gang gets curious but scooby and shaggy are more interested in food . ( big surprise . ) there is a hilarious scene where they go to a restaurant that is too good even for them . well , ben and our gang meet the hex girls who play good music and at the same time draw some suspicion . this is a difficult movie not to ruin , but i 'll try . the misleads make sense upon discovery , and just when we think the movie is over , we find out that the real horror is yet to come . though it does n't quite pack the punch of `` zombie island , '' the climax is really well done and surprisingly scarey . again , this movie may be a little too much for young children , but older children and even some adults are bound to enjoy this .
i bought their ep cd yesterday , i was going to buy their full album but i did n't have enough money and then i saw the ep cd was cheaper , so i just had to buy it . i liked flyleaf before i had their cd because i knew the songs `` i 'm so sick '' and `` fullyalive '' i 've seen , the fully alive video on sky angel ( a christian channel ) before , and the video is awesome ! i love all the songs on this cd , my favorite is of course `` fully alive '' and `` red sam '' , and `` i 'm so sick '' , i love all of the songs though , i ca n't wait to buy their full cd next time , knowing me i will always love listening to their cd ! i love this band , they are better than evanescence ! i highly recommend that you buy this cd , and the debut cd ! i ca n't wait til their next cd comes out ! and lacey mosley , does really good in her singing and she can yell in the songs too , she 's awesome ! fly leaf rocks
there 's really not much to say . it is simply the best karate movie ever made so far and by far . captures the true spirit of what karate movies fans want to see . a must see for every martial arts fanatic
ophuls is a master film maker and watching lola montes is to watch what movies at their best are capable of . that said , i am interested to know what happened to the missing segments of this film - you always hear about it being cut callously - but i am not sure whether the original film still exists ... anyway , see the movie despite inferior versions
everything you need to know about cleaning just about everything in your home . i could not believe the amout of information packed in this book . love the book but i still hate cleaning
this movie was made for anyone who ever went to summer camp . it takes all the ridiculous things that happen and exaggerate them about <NUM> times . i personally enjoyed it thoroughly , but for those of you who do n't spend <NUM> weeks out of your summer at camp , it might not be as appealing
well , i am amazed that at <NUM> or <NUM> years old ron isley is still making incredible music . however , some of the lyrics are explicit . this cd would be great for a honeymoon . the cd should have a sticker on it entitled , `` seriously , for adults who want to conceive children ! '' but i guess that 's why the cd is entitled , `` baby making music .
it 's old , and so many of the people have died , but it 's a great documentary . it 's also in letterbox , unlike what amazon is stating it being in a pan-and-scan state . mik
it 's no secret that people who are trying to sell you something will be very careful and sometimes dishonest when it comes to the actual words and phrases they use to describe their product . in talking right , linguist geoffrey nunberg examines the use of language manipulation as it has been used in modern american politics and the effect it has had back on the language itself . since the birth of advertising , sellers would spend many hours writing and rewriting slogans , bumper-stickers and sales pitches to make sure that each word had the desired impact on the listener . but nunberg 's research is more interested not just in how language is utilized by the political salespeople , but how certain words and phrases in the vernacular have ended up being subtly changed by constant repetition and reenforcement from politicians , pundits and spin-meisters . while the word `` liberal '' is obviously where the book hangs its hat , other words and phrases have also migrated to take on different meanings and connotations . for example in a political context , when someone refers to `` values '' , they actually are only discussing a small subset of possible moral issues , regardless of their position on other subjects . even a word as old as `` christian '' is taking on a more restrictive definition . talking right is written in an easy-to-read style . it 's breezy and almost conversational without feeling shallow . i found to it be a little repetitive at times ( odd , considering the relatively small word-count ) , but i forgive it because of all the little facts that i had n't know . i had , for example , recently noticed republicans referring to their opponents as `` the democrat party '' . but i had n't realized that the deliberate shortening of `` democratic '' has been a tactic going back over <NUM> years . the book is told mainly from a liberal point of view . this is because of nunberg 's thesis ( and i think that most would agree ) that the right-wing has been far more successful at branding words and phrases as belonging to their side of the national discussion . nunberg picked up on a lot of things that seemed familiar to me . things that i had noticed but had n't realized that i noticed . it 's a very illuminating book in that way ; it crystallizes a lot of things i had only half-realized while listening to left-wing and right-wing talking heads exchanging insults on cable news
came in good time and i a1 conditio
this collection is a documentary film about the legendary blues club in austin , texas , `` antone 's . `` ... filled with historical and dynamic blues performances from the earliest days of the club in the 1970s ... featuring performance footage of : albert collins , sue foley , buddy guy , calvin `` fuzz '' jones , albert king , willie nelson , pinetop perkins , jimmy rogers , willie `` big eye '' smith , angelia strehli , hubert sumlin , sunnyland slim , jimmie vaughan , stevie ray vaughan , muddy waters and kim wilson ... interviews with clifford antone , marcia ball , joe ely , billy gibbons and b.b . king ... the film follows the club and its owner clifford antone , through their ups and downs to the present day . dvd extras : <NUM> . additional insights from the players ( including b.b . king , buddy guy , hubert sumlin , pinetop perkins and more ) <NUM> . original trailer <NUM> . booklet with clifford antone essay by john t. davis there are performances by and interviews of many of the great blues masters of the last half-century ... chronicles the influence a name and a venue can have on an entire musical movement , witness the magic which has made antone 's america 's best blues club , as we welcome with open arms ... the blues ! . must ask the following to take a bow ~ e. colleen saro ( compilation producer ) , lucky tomblin ( executive producer ) and directed by dan karlok , a tremendous asset to every project they undertake and always in there pitching is koch vision ... special thanks to the man who made it all possible clifford antone founder of `` antone 's home of the blues '' . total time : <NUM> mins on dvd ~ koch <NUM> ~ ( 6/06/2006 )
you ca n't deny the incredible horn riffs put forth by this album , they 're simply amazing . you 'll get goosebumps listening to this album for the first time . although at times some of the songs can become tedious , it is still one of the best jazz albums out there
eighteen years ago we left california 's central coast to live in wisconsin where we 've endured many a frozen winter evening with a bowl of popcorn and a movie or two . of the many movies this means we 've seen , i 'd have to say the lady vanishes ranks as pretty much my all time favorite . i love the tension of the plot against the innocence of the time . this is a time we do n't well know today - a time of gentle courtesy and concern for others ; wrongness of bad things happening is simply obvious . this slice of a different day shows us life before electronic entertainment - the vaudvillian dancing , the whistling , the intricacies of human interaction and friendship - the respect shown automatically by the lady and her friends for each person . this is also before actors needed to be 'flawless ' and shallow . cruel enemies - both nationally and personally - slash this quiet , peace filled world . there is something valuable and instructive in this window to the past . a bit of accidental history that portrays wholesome times under international threat and prevailing open human goodness . it may be an odd reason to like a film so much , but there it is . this great plot , action , tension against the backdrop of a kinder and very real day , provide the kind of cultural fresh air that can give both perspective and direction
this video is really great . i have been using it for a month now and i 'm having great results . it 's easy to do every day . helped me get back into shape quickly after having my baby
audio disc breakdown : <NUM> . fear of bliss - some trippy rock from alanis ! this track does n't follow alanis ' standard songwriting formula and is a bit scattered . nonetheless , a great song . 4/5 <NUM> . bent for you - excellent alt/rock effort . this is the song that opens the dvd portion of `` feast on scraps '' . excellent . 5/5 <NUM> . sorry to myself - this is a spine tingling ballad . perhaps , dare i say , alanis ' best ballad . this song definitely should have been released as a single . 5/5 <NUM> . sister blister - this one 's a monster rocker ! as well as the previous track , this would have been so successful as a single . not since `` you oughta know '' has alanis produced such a great rock track . would have been a huge hit on the modern rock charts . 5/5 <NUM> . offer - another ballad here , however , this one falls incredibly short . while alanis ' voice is good , nothing seems to come together and the lyrics and music are to say the least , boring . 2/5 <NUM> . unprodigal daughter - another great rock track . it 's about alanis leaving home for l.a. to start her new life . we see a hint of the `` angry '' alanis we say on `` jagged little pill '' , maybe because this song is referring back to that time . 5/5 <NUM> . simple together - i believe this song was the song sent to radio stations to promote `` feast on scraps '' . it most definitely was a poor choice . while it is an ok ballad , it 's somewhat dull . 3/5 <NUM> . purgatorying - this song is magical ! it 's a very enjoyable and definitely interesting song . there 's almost an otherworldly feel to this . from watching this song being performed on the dvd of `` feast on scraps '' , it 's easy to see the magic of this track comes from the live performance . nonetheless , great ! 4/5 <NUM> . hands clean ( acoustic ) - it 's really nice to hear this <NUM> hit stripped down to the core . sounds great . 4/5 dvd overview : the full concert on this dvd follows alanis though her <NUM> `` toward our union mended tour '' most of the footage is from her rotterdam show . it 's loaded with hits , precious rarities and brand new tracks ! alanis has such raw , pure energy in her shows . most notibly on tracks such as `` purgatorying '' , `` you oughta know '' , `` flinch '' , `` sympathetic character '' and `` uninvited '' . this dvd shows us at times the rewarding and struggling process of songwriting in and out of the studio . contains superb behind the scenes footage showing us alanis ' humorous and wacky side . it 's also an excellent facet to understand her and her philosophy to a much greatest extent . 5/5 overall : i actually rate this album 4.2 out of <NUM> stars . `` feast on scraps '' is a great experience for any lover of live music ! a great buy !
class of <NUM> has always been marketed as as a b exploitation film . hell , i remember when i was a kid finding it in the `` horror '' section of the local video store ! though the film does have it 's exploitation elements for sure , class of <NUM> is a damn good movie . it could have been promoted as a more serious film ( it actually was intended to be a more serious drama ) and win over more critics , but like they mention in the documentary featurette , the scenes of violence and punk rockers and such were enough to prejudice some people into thinking the movie was something less than what it actually was . i never saw much of perry king 's work before or after this , but he 's a very good choice as a kind of wimpy music teacher who thinks that through the power of knowledge , he can help the troubled teen , timothy van patten . in fact , king 's music class is probably the best behaved of the entire school with van patten as the only real rotten apple in the bunch ... when he attends . pretty boy van patten is kind of a teenage godfather who runs drugs and hookers out of a punk rock club . his gang consists of three annoying thugs and one very annoying chick . when king pisses van patten off , the war begins . it starts off pretty simple with vandalism and practical jokes , but ends up being quite deadly . king goes through the movie in the role of dogooder throughout all of van patten 's antics . i think most guys would have broken down long before king 's character does , but when king does break down it 's well worth the wait . if you let yourself get into the story , this movie will make your blood boil as you feel the frustration king feels . whenever he retaliates , he 's the one who gets in trouble , though you know he 's really not doing anything wrong . it 's like in real school where a guy would hit you with a spitball and no one would ever see him , but you 'd be the one caught when you fired a spitball back . plus the frustration mounts coz every rotten act van patten commits is brushed off coz `` no one saw him do it '' and the fact that he 's a juvenile . the film builds to a fantastic final confrontation that gets downright brutal . lots of great performances all around . van patten should have gone on to be a bigger star , but it never happened . he 's does a great job as the evil , sly psychopath . of course special praise must be given to roddy mcdowell . he 's fantastic in this . they could n't have picked a better guy for the job . many thanks go out to anchor bay for putting this great film out on dvd . there 's a good halfhour documentary on the disc that speaks mainly to director lester , as well as two of the actors . recommended very highly . yesiree , bob
if you are at all impressed with mayfield 's superfly , give black caesar a listen . this album has it all- heavy hitting chunks of funk like down and out in new york city to the laid back pimpin ' sounds of blind man can see it . keep in mind that this album was released within months of the ground breaking big payback . buy this album , then buy slaughter 's big rip off . you wo n't be disappointed
an absolute wonder , a perfect selection of beat writings : poems , fragments of novels , essays , history , mythology , philosophy ... the portable beat reader is one of the most essential books in my collection and rarely leaves my side . and it is , thankfully , portable , and much easier than bringing everything with you all the time . aquire it , open it , and just start reading
a wonderful book to read any time , but especially when you are searching for answers to why you hurt and how you can help yourself and your family not hurt anymore . i love the idea that we have the power to heal ourselves ( some would say miraculously ) . we do not have to feel dependant upon the `` gods '' of medicine and pharmacies in order receive a false `` cure '' heal yourself ... for good ! read this book then make a way to go to one of his classes . it will change your life
if you love untainted hymns , you will be blessed by these lofty recorded selections performed by the london philharmonic choir and national philharmonic orchestra . two discs compress over fifty hymns to be savored over and over . and no ... these are not light and airy , please-every-ear compositions , but are the solid rock truths of the faith . you can even attune to the atoning blood of christ harmoniously exalted . my only displeasure was found in the absence of sing along lyrics . to decipher all the stanzas , owning a hymnbook is a must . it is important to obtain one while supplies still exist ... i am not completely kidding . my husband and i were at a used book sale where a man was overjoyed to actually find a hymnbook . he wanted to learn the comprehensive praises that are cunningly being pushed out the back door of most churches .
of all of the books that i read when i was a child , this is the only one that i truly never forget . i have captivated the attention of my friends and their children by reciting some of the best verses . the rhyme and meter is exquisite , providing an almost musical theme through each episode . the vocabulary is perfect for young people and fun for adults . it utilizes advanced words , while not burying their meaning from beginning readers . the characters lend themselves to creative new voices for each reader to explore . all of theses remarkable qualities , and it maintains a serious lesson for young people , that guns are not for fooling around
is this good ? if you have ears the answer is yes.great tunes , great singers.cooooooooooool
george catlin is certainly a man to admire , as is this book.catlin lived amongst the native americans for many years and writes carefully of his experiences.this is an interesting read and provides another dimension to the subject of american indians.the book is fascinating in as much as catlin portrays himself as a wordly man and a friend of the indians ( and he certainly was ) but despite that you can still find evidence of his ignorance within the text.nevertheless he was a fascinating man who had a fascinating life , his artwork allthough basic in my mind , is well worth a look.my only critiscm of this book is that quite some time is spent describing the scenery whereas i would have prefered even more writing on the indians themselves , that is my personal viewpoint , others may find that intruiging.the book is full of facts and personal experiences and that in itself adds to the validity of this book as musthave for your collectio
i review a lot of architecture books , and this one more than most makes me want to go out and build a new house . the subject of the book is small houses . it consists of pictures and the story of some fifty houses , all of which are less than 1,300 square feet . many of them are much less than 1,300 feet , indeed down into the 300-400 square foot size . i live in a small house -- <NUM> square feet or so -- that 's about a hundred years old . but compared to the layout , the beauty the simplicity of design , mine 's a dump . i 'm getting the urge to go visit a realtor friend . one thing about these houses is that many of them are on what would be considered hard to build on lots . and such lots tend to be cheap . there 's a new architect in town that 's fresh out of school and may have more originality than the older guys . maybe if i give her this book , with a few houses marked . hmmmmm ! one thing i did n't like , most of the bed rooms are on the second floor . i was in a house once that had a fire . the amount of smoke generated in just a minute or two was incredible . i do n't want a bed room upstairs , if necessary i want to be able to close the door to keep the smoke out and get out through a wondow or emergency door . other than that , this is a great idea book . the pictures are beautiful . there 's not as much detail as i would like , but adding detail would have to mean either fewer houses or bigger book , so i guess it 's a nice balance
i really liked this book . it is a classic book for those who are interested in managing their finances according to biblical principles , and for those who have landed themselves into debt . larry burkett teaches biblical principles of debt-management by telling stories ... stories collected over years of counseling thousands of struggling individuals and couples . some of the previous reviewers have said that these stories are just anecdotal scare-tactics , but the intriguing thing is that i see highly-educated people around me making the same `` anecdotal '' mistakes with their finances ( and reaping the consequences ) . americans ( in general ) have no clue how much house they can afford , etc . and regard debt as a necessary evil ... or even as a good thing . this book helps you to see debt in a more balanced light , and is highly recommended to anyone who struggles in this area . as you can see by some of the other reviews , if you 're not a christian , you 'll probably get hung up on some of the biblical principles : such things like keeping your word even when it costs you money , family leadership principles , living within your means , and the husband-wife relationship . so if you 're not a christian , i would suggest taking a serious look at the bible ( by studying what it says ) and then compare it to the principles in this book . i think you 'll find that the bible is reliable and timeless in its guidelines for finances just as it is for every other area of life
i am a <NUM> year old real estate agent who used to own a dance club .... think <NUM> years ago going to school ... my personal leanings musically are more <NUM> 's dance and new wave ... i got into the gin blossoms , toad the wet sprocket , origin stuff in the early <NUM> 's but when nirvana changed the style of mainstream music i sort of dropped out ... went to dance music and there wasnt much of it ... these past few years as i was busy with a family and real job i have not payed much attention but about a year ago i found synthpop and www.adifferentdrum.com and www.slothradio.com aside from the synthopop and blank and jones type stuff i have been listening to i also have liked a lot of the teen-i-bopper music out latley ... really top fourtyish as it has a dancable beat and the best writers seem to have gone that direction for the money .... k thats a long intro for why this album blows me away ... i have all this stuff playing in my office to keep me and my staff pumped all the time and whats wierd is we have this server ( itunes ) where everyone can choose from <NUM> gigs woths of music and with itunes you can keep track of number of plays . in the past <NUM> months with probably <NUM> new cds in the server in that time this one is on top of all of them with the killers coming in second . its sort of dark , but energy filled , incredible vocals and it really makes you want to dance . please ... check out the different mixes of
this album took me awhile to get into , but it really is fantastic . none of the songs have lyrics , it 's all about the electric guitar . some of the songs jam , and some are more mellow , beautiful peices . there are a couple duds that i never listen to ( namely , `` trundrumbalind '' and `` raspberry delta jam-v '' , and `` up in the sky '' i also usually skip ) , but the rest of the songs are fantastic . `` train of angels '' is the best of the bunch , along with `` love thing '' ( gorgeous ) . `` time '' is also a fantastic , dreamy track , `` a piece of liquid '' is relaxing and sounds like something you 'd listen to in the caribbean before it goes into some cool `` night-time-sounding '' soloing . it 's impossible not to tap your feet during `` psycho monkey '' or `` house full of bullets '' , and i love the awesome playing at 1:40 in `` secret prayer '' . `` with jupiter in mind '' and `` crystal planet '' are great space-themed rockers , and `` lights of heaven '' is one of joe 's best . if you only buy one satriani album , i first and formost recommend the electric anthology and surfing with the alien , but then i also recommend you pick up crystal planet , and time machine ( not the most consistent album , but there are some here that you simply ca n't miss )
incredible . one of the best novels i have ever had the pleasure to read . mccarthy is a master story teller . i have never read a book by him i did not fall in love with . bruce dodso
if seasons <NUM> and <NUM> of this fantasticly written , orginal series were good , season three is ... well , think of a good word for even better and plug it in . in the orginal first two seasons the gags were based mostly on dialouge . while they were still hysterical , season three can bost more action-based and even funnier gags , such as the killer-kebab . plus the dialouge is still up to its old standards , anything but shoddy . the only dissapointing thing about this season is that the actor who plays holly leaves ( i belive he quit because they were n't paying him as much as the others ) and is replaced by the actress who played `` hilly '' in the plaralell universe . i 'm sorry , but she just does n't have the same comedic air as the `` original holly '' . other than that , the show only gets better . and the trend continues with season four
this was a brilliant show on stage ( i saw the london cast performance ) and the dvd reflects the outstanding performances of this case in these unforgettable and inimitable dances . there is one exceptuion , who for me very nearly ruins the whole show -- - ben vereen . the show seems to have been engineered to enable him to show off , and his limited dancing and singing skills , combined with monumentally smug demeanour , reduces the efectiveness of the stellar cast . the stage show i saw was so much better for not having him in it . he is one of these talents who seem unacoutnably sucessful and popular in the usa , and for many of us in the rest of the work , his charms are invisible .
after two somewhat experimental seasons , seinfeld really began hitting its stride in this third season . it 's really a tribute to the talent that was in front of and behind the cameras on this show that they tweaked the formula for two seasons until near perfect comedy and chemistry was achieved . in `` the library '' we see how the writers make everything come full circle in this show . one of the best one-episode characters in seinfeld 's history , the library detective is an hilariously stubborn old fashioned man who confronts jerry about a missing book from <NUM> that was never returned . jerry goes to see his girlfriend at the time to see if he returned the book , only to find that he had not . meanwhile , kramer meets a pretty librarian and george sees his brown toothed underwear pulling gym teacher , who now is a bum living under the steps of the nyc public library . the old man has n't changed much , and he gives george yet another wedgie . also , the library book turned out not to be just a red herring , as it turns out the homeless gym teacher has hung onto it all these years . `` the red dot '' is a hilarious example of how george can not just leave well enough alone - he always has to push everything to its limits . elaine gets the long out-of-work george a job at the publishing company for which she works . everything would be back on track for george , but he just ca n't resist having sex in the office with the cleaning lady . the cleaning lady takes the encounter more seriously than george does , and george is afraid she 'll tell his boss of the encounter and get him fired . he decides to give her a gift , a cashmere sweater that has been deeply discounted because of a tiny red dot on it that is supposedly too small to see yet each of its recipients spot it almost immediately , including the cleaning lady . she informs on george , and he is out of work once again . the season finale , `` the keys '' , sets up the emmy winning fourth season . kramer has been abusing his house priveleges in jerry 's apartment too much , so jerry revokes his spare key privileges . realizing that he has broken the `` covenant of the keys '' gives kramer the realization he is now free to break out of his routine . kramer takes off for california to follow his dream of becoming an actor . jerry gave his spare keys to elaine , then when he needs them , he goes with george to elaine 's to search for his spare set , since george has elaine 's spare keys . what they find is elaine 's show-biz project , an episode of murphy brown that she has written . elaine finds the two going through her stuff and in turn revokes george 's spare key priveleges . kramer finds adventure as he journeys across the country to la where he gets a bit part on murphy brown playing her secretary . the next season picks up on the gang trying to locate kramer in california . i highly recommend this season as the first season of seinfeld where everything seems to be clicking both storywise and character-wise . it 's not a show where you need any background from previous seasons , since , after all , it is `` a show about nothing '' . however , i found it helpful to view the first two seasons first to see how everything came together
a haunting portrait which reflects the anguish universe of the childhood , its fears , disillusions and hopes . the finding of a wild child under the ground , will become the dramatic premise to confront two visions and fortunately opposite ways of living . a honest script . suggestive dialogues , admirable photography and enrapturing shot angles .
thank you for sending this so quickly , i got it for a christmas present and it got here way before i thought ! thanks again
revelation of the daleks is a two part episode from <NUM> that features colin baker as the doctor . the story begins with the doctor and peri arriving on necros , mourning the death of an old friend . little do the time travellers know that word of their friend 's demise is a clever ruse to lure the doctor into an encounter with some very old enemies . for on necros , everything is run by the great healer , who is making a fortune with his galactic funeral parlor and some rather sinister side business ventures . clive swift of keeping up appearances fame ( known to fans of that british comedy as richard bucket ) appears as mr jobel , caretaker of the funeral parlor , tranquil rose , who naturally takes a more than passing interest in young peri . but it is the doctor who gets into the main action when a business partner of the healer plots against him by hiring a well known assassin of the grand order to do him in . the doctor quickly learns the healer is in reality his long running nemesis , davros . davros is using the bodies of the dead to further his new race of daleks loyal to him alone . but more than one betrayal awaits our heroes , and the doctor is brought before davros one more time , as daleks begin desposing of those who are a threat to davros ' cunning plans . want to know what happens between the doctor , davros and the daleks ? order doctor who-revelation of the daleks when it comes out on dvd . this is one doctor who adventure you wo n't want to miss !
blacklisted : the film lover 's guide to the hollywood blacklist is the collaboratively effort of paul buhle and dave wagner and an alphabetically arranged encyclopedia of entries concerning the films , directors , stars , writers , producers , designers , and others who suffered being blacklisted because of the house un-american activities committee during their infamous hollywood blacklist era . over <NUM> entries point the reader in the direction of grand works that were covered in shadow during a dangerous time in american history , including films such as & quot ; roman holiday & quot ; and & quot ; bridge on the river kwai & quot ; . blacklisted is a welcome and greatly appreciated contribution to cinematic studies reference collections
who was rainbow and are they any good ? rainbow was birthed out of famed guitarist ritchie blackmore 's departure from supergroup deep purple.his impression of lead vocalist , ronnie james dio 's group ( elf who was opening up for deep purple ) , led to his proposition into forming rainbow.this group , rainbow , established dio as the premier heavy metal vocalist that would later define metal as we know it.it would prove to be part of dio 's path of successful stepping stones before joining black sabbath prior to his own highly successful solo career in the <NUM> 's . the <NUM> 's : there was n't the sound equipment available that we have today nor did the avereage individual have the means to play any form of music videos.so when it was filmed , it was never intended for a professional release.thankfully , it was filmed and it is great ! this is an era that was n't about all the show , , , it 's about the music ! it sounds as good as the records did from that era and with an opened mind you will see that this is a true gem to be relished . hope you enjoy it as much as i did ! !
if bette davis is not remembered as the best actress to come out of hollywood in the golden era , she certainly was thought so at the time and this package easily demonstrates the range of her talent . this set , compared to volume one , which contains obvious davis hits , covers a wider period of her career from <NUM> to <NUM> . two favourite davis films , `` the man who came to dinner '' and `` marked woman '' are included . more detailed reviews of each of these films can be viewed under their individual titles so by way of a quick summary : - `` marked woman '' is a sensational <NUM> film about prostitutes who go to court to get their gangster pimp incriminated . this was the first film davis made after she walked out of warner brothers and was sued for breach of contract . she lost and returned to the studio but with a new found respect . she gives an intense performance and the film is very exciting with a great downbeat ending . - `` jezebel '' is the <NUM> film for which davis won her second oscar , a precursor to `` gone with the wind '' and directed superbly by william wyler . the film is a soap opera about a willful southern girl and would fall into trivia without davis 's subtle performance and wyler 's attention to detail . - `` dark victory '' from <NUM> was possibly davis 's favourite role about a long island socialite with a brain tumour . the film is a tour de force for davis who might have won another oscar if the film had been released in a different year . - `` the man who came to dinner '' is an ensemble piece , an excellent version of the <NUM> kaufman and hart broadway hit . davis supports monty woolley , a character based on alexander woolcott , who hilariously dominates the film . - `` old acquaintance '' from <NUM> maybe the quintessential woman 's picture with davis starring with rival miriam hopkins . it is a picture which resonated with `` woman 's issues '' in <NUM> and was remade in the <NUM> 's as `` rich and famous '' . - `` whatever happened to baby jane '' is the famous teaming with joan crawford in a baroque tragedy which has become a cult ( and camp ) classic . the film was shot on a small budget and in <NUM> weeks and it shows . the extras alone make up hours of additional viewing which enhance the films immeasurably , although some of the commentaries are poor with far too much gossip about davis 's overanalysed relationship with joan crawford . best of all , the excellent documentary `` stardust : the bette davis story '' has been included . the collection is great value
unfortunately , cathy rigby is retiring from peter pan next year and my mom says i ca n't go see it at madison square garden . i 've never seen the show with cathy in it , but i 've seen mary martin 's version on tv many times and i know that rigby was totally awesome . fortunately , my mom says i am allowed to get the dvd and even at <NUM> , i 'll still watch it ! i hope i can enjoy the dvd without seeing cathy rigby perform live at msg . ( sniffle ... ) i also hope that many people can look at cathy rigby 's performance and know that with this dvd , she 's doing the show forever
to answer the reviewer below , i have listened to this cd five times already . it still rules . what does the `` test of time '' mean ? you can pretty well forget how this album sounds like and be amazed by it ten years later . one listen could be well enough as well . it 's great , that 's all . it 's not a usual collection of songs , it 's something else - for the better . i have a lot of records in my collection , and for a change , i 'm really happy to own something different . at least * this * record is unique in its own way . also , it 's one of the best tributes to american roots , and especially to the beat generation , that i 've ever heard . musically and spiritually . this record is the work of an artist and of a human person willing to express something in the best way possible . got it
i thought this is a really creepy movie and very hard to watch.it is filled with an air of dread and depression , but i managed to get through it.the last time i tried to watch it , i had to stop watching after <NUM> minutes.louise fletcher is terrifying as the wicked and evil grandmother.i thought the movie was very effective in the horror dept.it does n't go into as much depth as the book , but i think that would require at least a <NUM> part mini series.i would n't recommend it if you are feeling down.also , if you are a fan of the book , keep in mind that they left alot out of the movie.other than that , i would recommend it , especially if you like gothic style horror , which is what i think this movie is.for me , '' flowers in the attic gets a 3.5/
stephen writes for the growth oriented astrologer . not a book for beginners , yet one you will use contiually as a reference as you develop your skills in understanding major aspects . indepth analysis of important aspects between two or more charts for those interested in synastry . i 've had this book on my shelf for twenty years & amp ; still find it insightful
to tell you the truth , i can not find words to explain why this song is so amazing . the first time i heard the album version , i was like `` why choosing clocks , phones and abba samples for a first single ? what is madonna thinking ? '' after buying this single and hearing it loud at home , i could not stop dancing ( specially the stuart price remix ) . there is a feeling of `` leting go , forget your problems , feel free '' , not easy to describe everytime you hear it and dance to it . even after , you will find yourself saying `` time goes by , so slowly , so slowly , so slowly ...
i gladly sacrificed two of the four speakers in my car to this wonderful , wonderful treasure . what more can i say
this is amazing ! the holy grail for any dolls fan.if you like the dolls this is a no brainer ... buy it now ! professionally done , amazing footage , great bonus material.one of the coolest things i 've ever bought or watched.watch history in the making. & what a great band.even though they are lumped in with punk or glam , i always thought they were a true rock & roll band in the purest form.the next step in rock 's evolution after the stones , yardbirds , & pretty things.i ca n't reccomend this enough .
this is an in depth look at how london became a modern city through the early victorian transition . the insight starts with the key to any city the revision of the sewage system to eliminate the health problems and the odor that permeated much of the city from cesspits . as fascinating is the role of women , which differs depending on social class ; unlike romance novels , the author furbishes a powerful look at the growing factory and municipal working class , those below the poverty line , and the servant class too . in these cases diaries and the writings of chroniclers like jane carlyle and thomas mayhew provide insight . this is a terrific look at three decades of transformation of one of the world 's greatest cities . readers who enjoyed the recently issued london 's thames : the river that shaped a city and its history as well as the author 's previous captivating london historicals ( see elizabeth 's london and restoration london ) will appreciate this deep look at the historical era of transformation of an urban center that never slept in the middle of the nineteenth century and still does not . harriet klausner
i think some of the negative impressions of this book stem from the fact that people were expecting something different from `` joe bob briggs . '' well , the truth is that before he was joe bob 's , real name is john bloom and he was ( and is ) a fantastic award winning investigative journalist . his serious side really shines here . he has written a very accessible , erudite and enjoyable book of criticism here , and his critiques of these challenging films still resides within a moral frame work . he strikes a balance here that i think few critics could pull off given the subject matter . but mainly it 's just a great read , even for those that are n't necessarily film buffs . the generous and well-done layout is also worth commending . i highly recommend .
letter to a young gymnast is a excellant book . my coach recommended it to me , and after reading it , i gave it to my best friend to read . i was barely able to put it down . it is not so much a story of nadia comaneci 's career as a gymnast as a story of what life in romania was like . you walk away from this book feeling like you actually were there and know nadia comaneci personally . i rarely find biographies or autobiographies that are this good . defidently a 5-star book
a movie with one good line after another , funny and interesting characters and lttle vignettes of hilareous bit part players . just a great funny movi
excellent transaction , this cd was in perfect condition . i 've spent hours of amazing fun listening to this amazing artist . thanks so much for such a great transaction
an outstanding set of kid 's music with folk scene stalwarts such as arlo guthrie , taj mahal and tim o'brien joined by bluegrassers tim o'brien and rhonda vincent and blues pickers keb mo , guy davis and eric bibb , as well as americana-country types such as rosie flores ... an impressive lineup , sure , but better still is the calibre of songwriting , and the actual kid friendliness of it all . this is a really fun album ! fun , as in , little kids might actually like it , and might even sing along if you played it for them . plenty of silly songs like `` bling-blang , '' `` bananaphone '' and `` bellybutton song . '' some songs are perky , like `` red , red robin '' ; others are instructive , like `` man named all the animals , '' and others still model assertiveness and communication skills , like taj mahal 's excellent `` do n't you push me down , '' in which various kids stick up for themselves in unpleasant situations . i like this album a lot , and plan to play it for my kid for years to come
while i agree that this is not a text that delves deep into the theories of lacan or derrida or fish or any of the others , it is not intended to do so . i have found it to be an excellent tool for introducing my high school advanced placement students to the world of literary criticism . certainly some of the articles can get wordy or bogged down in `` technical '' detail , but literary criticism has never been for the reader who wants to skim and get the assignment `` over with . '' any critical theory takes time and patience to work through ; critical theory questions ideas and requires a commitment on the part of the reader to think , question , and engage with the text . there are some essays that younger students simply do not have the skills for yet but there are others that are quite accessible to them . in particular , my students found the essays on representation , structure , race , and canon very interesting . this source has one significant advantage over many other texts . for each article , there is an immediate application of the technique to a well-known piece of literature . i know that my students reading of appiah 's essay on race dramatically impacted how they interpreted shakespeare 's play othello and then later schuyler 's novel black no more . while neither my students nor i always agree with what the critics are saying , i have found the book a great starting point for discussion
i love it . christina really brought the holiday spirit to life in this cd . this is one of my most favorite cds ... i 'm listening to it right now .
titan ae is a really good scifi movie . it has fantastic visuals , chases , and a good enough story to keep you interested . the voice acting is also pretty good . unfortunately the movie suffers from what many movies , especially in this genre , suffer from . they do n't commit to an adult or child-based audience , nor do that go after strictly a scifi audience or a more general audience . so what ends up happening is you get just enough of both , without fully focusing on one target audience , kind of sterile , but still good . if you are looking for mind blowing concepts and something other than 'standard scifi fare ' this is n't where to look . if you want a good movie that keeps you entertained and that the kids can watch too , this is a great flick .
my <NUM> year old son really enjoys this movie . it is perfect for his age group and even his <NUM> year old sister likes to watch with him .
with a style that mixed lightweight , teenybopper music with heavy metal ( a strange mix , indeed ) , sweet ultimately ended up falling between the two , not pleasing anybody from either camp . before that , they scored a string of uk hits including a number one ( blockbuster ) and five number twos ( co-co , hell raiser , ballroom blitz , teenage rampage , fox on the run ) . note that fox on the run is an original song , not a cover of manfred mann 's song . little willy and wig-wam-bam both made number four in the uk . their last major hit , love is like oxygen , made the top ten in britain and america - it actually did slightly better in america than britain . all seventeen of the sweet 's uk hits ( including the minor hits ) are here together with three album tracks that illustrate what sweet wanted to do with their music . having had their career controlled others ( the production team of chinn and chapman ) , they cut loose on titles such as restless and set me free . this is the definitive sweet hits compilation . if you enjoy british glam-rock of the early seventies with a hard edge , you are likely to enjoy sweet 's music
whenever anyone lists joe 's best albums , this one always appears at the top of any list . it really is amazing , with some of joe 's signature work , not the least of which is summer song , which has sort of become his anthem . this is a powerful song that rocks nonstop . the title track gets down in it , and the song friends carries such an optimistic feel to it . joe is the master at delivering a message without saying a single word . his guitar does the speaking for him , and it speaks beautifully . war and motorcycle driver are another couple of hard rockers . cryin ' is easy and more contemplative , and rubina 's blue sky happiness sounds like a courtship song , something to be played on a warm spring day with your sweetie . i 'm not sure what the name the extremist means , but if it involves joe 's mastery of the electric guitar , then the title sure fits him .
every so often you read a book that is so obvious that you are amazed you did not see it before . for me , this is such a book . yes , i could argue about the slow nature of the book , about the style or choice of phrase . however , the very simple idea ( singular ) at the core hit me like a billiard ball between the eyes at three paces . de bono takes the idea of thinking , and breaks it down into six different aspects , and proposes that all should be allowed at appropriate times in a meeting . the key is not that ( say ) raw emotion can be expressed unjustified , but that where necessary such feelings are not only encouraged , but that it is an everybody thing . participants are allowed to express a simple yes / no to an idea with no further comments . this , by the way , is ` red hat thinking ' . each aspect of thinking is given a colour , so participants will wear the same hat at the same time , to view topics from a similar perspective . there is no compelling reason to have physical hats , but presumably this may help initially . examining each proposal in a critical way is allowed , but not all the way through any discussion - only at ` blackhat ' time . this is a short , easy-read book . it would be possible to give a summary here of the six hats , and their meanings - however , it is better to let de bono do that . chapters are small and bite-sized , with an introduction and summary to each coloured hat . you do not need to read the book in one sitting , but it is probably advisable to tackle the <NUM> pages within <NUM> or <NUM> days . the author has written a number of other books on ` thinking ' , and these are referred to in the text of the volume . for me , the references were about right - neither too many ( a sales pitch ) or too few ( not giving readers the opportunity to get further information ) . what did irritate me was the summary chapters for each hat , where the majority of sentences seemed to begin with e.g . `` blue hat thinking ..... '' . at the end de bone gives a possible framework for using the principles within a meeting . this is helpful , and adds to the comments and examples throughout the text . the overall feel is that this is a book about thinking that is based in reality . my final thoughts concern interminable meetings i have attended , and national flags . use of the core idea of this thin volume would have saved man-months of my time , sometimes concluding that a meeting was not necessary . the national flag theme ? take a south african flag into meetings with you . this will remind you of the thinking hats , for the colours are the same . buy it , learn it , practice it , and do it . peter morgan , bath , uk ( morganp @ supanet.com )
this is the 5th book in the rapp series ( i 've read them in order ) , and it is definitely the best so far . the story is highly entertaining and action packed from the very beginning . flynn 's previous efforts , while still very good , have all left something to be desired . transfer of power was a little slower moving , third option and separation of power were too drawn out and should have been written as one novel , and executive power just was n't a terrific story . memorial day does not have any of these flaws . all the strengths of his previous efforts are present without any of the weaknesses . if you are an anti-military , excessively pc , or pro-bureaucracy , this sort of book is not for you . but if you are a fan of <NUM> , like one reviewer mentioned , you will be a big fan of the entire rapp series . i give it an easy five stars . ca n't wait to start consent to kill and act of treason
this is a truly funny movie . the main character is so out of her element that it is totally belivable how ridiculous she is . this is one of those movies that you buy and come back to watch and invite your friends over for movie night . it 's a good buy for your dvd collectio
this book contains great ideas that are also tasty . my picky eaters enjoyed the breakfast no-bake granola bars , the awesome banana berry pancakes and the creamy , dreamy yogurt orange-banana frozen pops . we are excited to try many of the other great recipe ideas . the recipes in here are easy to follow , and taste great
this album has become surprisingly influential . it was the first album to feature celebrities singing badly . i remember the first time i heard it ; i laughed my head off . it spawned three sequels and several imitations . hey , it even helped revive william shatner 's career ! of course , shatner 's unforgetable renditions of & quot ; lucy in the sky with diamonds & quot ; and & quot ; mr. tambourine man & quot ; are the highlights here , but there 's much more . shatner 's first mate , leonard nimoy , who was the most prolific actor/vocalist ( five albums ! ) , has two amazing contributions here . everybody 's favorite butler , sebastian cabot , has two songs from his spoken word album where he overacts bob dylan lyrics . speaking of overacting bob dylan songs , you should here what eddie & quot ; green acres & quot ; albert does to & quot ; blowin ' in the wind & quot ; . jack webb recites & quot ; try a little tenderness & quot ; in his best joe friday monotone . i could go on and on , but i will get to the point and say that & quot ; this album is hilarious & quot ; . i highly recommend this album to anyone who likes funny music
i thuroughly enjoyed this series when it aired way back when , and it has , if anything , improved over the years . outstanding acting and performances , as well as superb writing that the hollywood ca n't seem to craft . i have nothing but praise for this series . the dvd authors , however , have much to answer for . absolutely no effort has been made to clean up the video during transfer . some of the footage is absolutely dirty ( and that from someone who usually does n't notice audio or video glitches ) . what imbecile put a 5-minute advertisement for the company 's other dvd offerings and disables the `` skip '' and `` menu '' functions . the only way to get past these advertisements is to play them at whatever fast-forward speed your dvd player has . special features are not worth mentioning , and subtitles are non-existant
my father took me to see this movie when i was a child of about six or seven . actually , he wanted to see it and he had to take me along . i did n't remember the plot , but i remembered the scenery and the music and the cool biplanes and dogfights . so , i finally bought this movie so i could watch it as an adult . i can empathize with those who say this movie is too long and moves too slowly . that said , i enjoyed it more than i thought i would . the airplanes are amazing . where did they get all these biplanes from ? the only other movie i 've seen that has such authentic looking biplane dogfights is `` wings '' , and that was made back in the <NUM> 's when biplanes were all over the place . the soundtrack by jerry goldmith fits the movie perfectly and adds mood where appropriate . i loved the `` intermission '' . it reminded me of a time when a movie was a real event . movies were so long that the movie itself gave you a break to use the bathroom . i saw this movie in a theater that was designed to allow perhaps a thousand people to watch a single movie on a huge screen , not some modern `` plex '' theater that has twelve little rooms where you can pay to see a movie with a bunch of strangers a few months before it 's out on dvd . so , it moves a little slowly by today 's standards , but it 's epic , and it 's interesting to watch peppard 's character slowly alienate himself from his squadron , and his lover , so that at the end they kill him off by giving him the `` privelege '' of flying an experimental aircraft .
i can still remember sitting down in front of the t.v . and watching the pilot movie as a kid and loving the idea of a superhero who was as lost about his powers as i felt about my <NUM> year old body at the time . funny and action packed this was a great show and i am glad to see that it has made it 's way onto dvd . william katt , connie selleca , and the great robert culp star as the `` team '' of teacher ralph hinkley , bill maxwell , and pam davidson and they were a great team ! one night ralph is driving and spots a light in the sky , as does bill ( culp as the funny non bending f.b.i . man ) the light is a spaceship and ralph is given a `` supersuit '' with a book to tell how to use the suit ( which he loses at once ) and as he and ramrod stright maxwell join forces to save the world , ralph must also find out how to work the `` suit '' ! this is one of the best and most fun shows to come out of the early <NUM> 's and it was also one of the most over looked ones today . get this great action/comedy show and enjoy the tounge and cheek humor that is still fresh today . `` look at what 's happened to me , i ca n't believe it myself , who could it be , believe it or not it 's just me '' part of the theme song ( a top <NUM> hit and one of the best theme songs ever for a show
* flashing lights * roald dahl dose it again ! this is an amazing story . it 's about a bot named charlie , who is pretty poor . even though he is poor he learns how to have fun , and not ask for much . there 's one thing he want 's , a golden ticket.as soon as you start this book you will hope the best for charlie , and you wo n't want to put it down .
pure genius ! ! ! loveless is an absolutely essential album , and so much better than anything as of late - at least , better that anything i 've heard . imagine the most melodic guitar noise combined with exquisite vocals and intelligent lyrics , and you 'll get a sense of what loveless is all about . this is music of passion and of strange beauty - it 's like trying to describe a purple rose to a blind man . if you 're at all enamored by ambient music with a pronounced romantic stripe , you will love this ! so what are you waiting for ?
i am in my early forties , and this album i hear in a cd store some years ago while browsing .. i just could not help appreciating the surreal sound of this music , i just had to get it .. get some good wines , get together with your friends , this is perfect ambient music .. in the road while its raining and you really need your to be in a different world .. this is the musi
echo echo is a marvelous fusion of alternative , punk and irish folk music . it is by far their best album
kahn did a great job in revealing vader 's , luke 's and palpatine 's motivations and thoughts . however , a glaring problem was where obi-wan tells luke about how he took him to live with his brother owen on tatooine . i know that was the original backstory , but with the prequels ' release , we all know that owen lars really is luke 's step-uncle ( since owen is anakin 's step-brother ) . lucas had the time to write that cute little preface in the re-release of this book . he should have bothered to change or at least ommit this inconsistent dialogue from the scene . this is a better storyline anyway , since obi-wan would n't have known his real brother well , having grown up in the jedi temple
this book is short and brief ( <NUM> pages or so ) , that is its intended appeal . it is not and does not claim to be a comprehensive analysis of all theological and philosophical thought -- just a very thoughtful and broad view of the impact of thought , art , industry , etcetera and its culmination on the state of our current society . to this end the book is fullfilling
seriously , i had to write this review because of all the people who gave it such a low rating . are you kidding me . ok there may be a few things wrong with the book . i would n't mind a few pictures here and there . however , to say that the whole book is terrible is a bit extreme . i have a bunch of cookbooks and this is the one i continually go back to to compare recipes . i sold baked good at a farmers market and his oatmeal chocolate chip cookies got rave reviews . he also gives so many options on a way to change a recipe . like his cheescake . he gives you a way to light it up or make a dense one . he troublshoots each recipe in case something did go wrong . very good book
this is one of many pilates dvds i 've watched . the <NUM> minute one for beginners ( the only one i use ) is quite good . amy repeats important directions repeatedly and gives gentle reminder not to strain lower back or neck and to breathe in through the nose and out through the mouth . this beginner set has been a very good starting point for me and she 's right , i can feel my core getting stronger . the <NUM> minutes go fast and you learn what your body can do and build from there . i would have liked a better view of the second person , the one i was following when amy suggeted an easier version of the exercise , but you wo n't go wrong buying it
my son always requests this book before bedtime . he likes to shake his fists and stomp his feet along with the peddler ! plus i do n't get tired of reading it to him
i 'm one of those reviewers that rarely rates music that has n't touched me in one way or another . so when i felt that i wanted to write a review for a stevie wonder album , i ended up struggling over which of his great releases i should review . i love all of his mid-seventies releases .... most notably , `` innervisions '' , `` fullfillingness ... '' , and , of course , `` songs ... '' . i guess i finally decided to 'tackle ' this one based on its historical significance to the art of music . for one , stevie was `` coming into his own '' as far as musical expression and social commentary within his songs . other than the great bob marley and marvin gaye , stevie was at the forefront of writing about the joys , pains , positives and negatives of human exsistance on earth ... and he did it very well . songs such as `` village ghetto land '' , `` pastime paradise '' , `` saturn '' and `` have a talk with god '' among others , were as powerful 'messages ' one could experience through a set of speakers . secondly , he was able to finally gain total control of his musical vision from motown and berry gordy .... even more so than marvin had done with `` whats going on '' ... and this total control shows most prevelant on `` songs '' than any previous release leading up to this one ( imo ) . there 's certainly a little bit of everything on `` songs '' -- -- the joy of life on `` is n't she lovely '' ; black man 's contributions to evolution in `` black man '' ; world love and peace in `` i am singing '' ; the joys and pains of childhood in `` i wish '' ; spiritual guidance in `` have a talk with god '' ; desperation in the world 's ghettos in `` village ghetto land '' , and even some `` props '' to mr. ellington in `` sir duke '' . one could literally go on like this for every song on this double album .... yes , very moving , significant statements indeed ! as for the actual music and musicians , they are `` all over the board '' here ( and stevie certainly plays his share of the instruments , however , not as exstinsively as past albums ) . every musician involved in `` songs '' played exactly what each track called for , and , at the same time , still managed to put their 'mark ' on these great cuts . the listener will be happy to find mellow , introspective songs ... upbeat , funky rockers ... spanish-tinged music .... and even stevie 's brand of fushion ( contusion ) ... overall , a wonderful assortment of musical styles and genres mixed into one of the most important double lps ever released . as a closing note , i am somewhat of a new-comer to this great artist , and yes , i am white . however , i feel this is one of a handful of artists that crosses/bridges all ethnic groups ... weather black , white , yellow , or red . please do n't let the color of your skin ( or stevie 's ) stop you from experiencing some of the most important 'art ' ever produced . strongly recommended , along with any other releases from this genius
hunter is an enigma - an assasin by trade , but with a gentleness that is enchanting . while hunting for food , she witnesses a car accident . she saves the car 's inhabitant . she later finds out that someone has put a million-dollar contract out on her . she has no idea who will come after her , why the contract was put on her , or who her mysterious visitor is . this is not a romance - yes , there is a romance , but it is not the focal point of this novel . this book is a thriller - an action packed , well written thriller . baldwin is expert at building the tension from page one to the end of the book . there will be times when you might want to put the book down because of the tension , but it wo n't be long before you return to it . as baldwin builds toward the final confrontation , you will find yourself reading feverishly , and staying up long after you should have turned the lights off . baldwin shows none of the first-book problems that so many other authors do . in this book , we experience baldwin 's considerable writing talents . one can only imagine that if she is this good with her first book , she will be extraordinary very shortly . you will certainly want to add baldwin 's other two books , force of nature and whitewater rendezvous , to your cart immediately
sidney reilly really was an international man of mystery and no-one really knew him including his wives and fellow spies . sam neil was incredible as reilly . he showed a man who was elegant , charming and yet so ruthless you could almost see the ice in his veins . he does n't have a problem with killing and he does n't have a problem with leaving an incompetent agent behind either . he was a womanizer who could be the ultimate romantic in one scene then simply walk away in the next . one of the most touching scenes in the series is when reilly 's wives and sweethearts all clamor for news of him . he 's treated some of these women horribly . one he 's turned into a hopeless drunk but they still ca n't get enough of him . in another scene , one of his conquests calmly faces death rather than betray him . after her death reilly , the series implies , carries her earrings , the only thing he has left of her on him for the rest of his life . reilly has been called the grandfather of the jame bond character because by the time young ian flemming came along reilly was a legend in the british spy world . flemming denied this but reilly 's relationship with his spymaster is very reminiscent of bond and m and of course there all those women . everything about this series is great . the acting is all top notch , the costumes are perfect , the music , especially romance of the gadfly , reilly 's theme is unforgettable . this series came on tv when i was a kid and i would rush home every week to get all my homework and any other chore done so i could watch reilly in peace . it was worth the trouble then and it 's worth it now
as for these songs great ! ! ! the cd in general cover and all super great ! ! ! <NUM> stars on westside connection . this is probably my second favorite cd <NUM> after ( <NUM> pac ) these guys ( mac <NUM> wc and ice cube ) they can rap and there beats these are the kinda songs i have bumpin in my ride all the time , this is what i call hard core oldschool rap . this is the kinda rap thats true not this rap crap ! ! ! of today . i cant explain to you it 's just the lyrics and the way they rap to them . you just put it all together and you get a really sick cd like this one ( bow down ) . now i have to say this is to another cd that i like every song on it it 's just like the knew akwid , i love every song on that cd but on this <NUM> i do have favorites like of course ( bow down , gangsta 's make the world go round , do you like crimainals , the gangsta the killer and the dope dealer , westside ho , hoo banin ) damm ! ! ! thats like most of the cd but i got to tell you all the songs are great this is definitly a must bump in your ride cd believe me this cd will have you bumpin . westside connection you doin fine ! ! !
i found this to be a valuable collection for my dance library . the first segment teaches what many instructors fail to teach- orientation and smooth transitions early , this video will guide you easily . transitions from left to right are created by teaching the pivoting of the foot almost magically , creating smooth and graceful dancing , no more boring dancer , learn to dance for all your audience , not just those facing you ! the cross step with use of the arms over the head and framing the head , taxsim which is much overlooked , hip pushes , beautiful traveling hip circles , undulations.the second segment teaches a funtastical drum solo , easy to learn . it is easy to add to this choreography and make it more challenging.there is so much in this video , learn to flow gracefully or bump to the beat of the drum , let beautiful neon guide you into a spellbinding journey of this mystical dance . overall , i totally enjoyed the quality of this video and the only improvements i would make would be the backdrop or setting which needed color . learning from a video is easier in my opinion if the instructor faces a mirror or works at an angle and the student follows along . overall those are minor compared to all that is offered
un poco triste que reyli ya no forme parte de elefante . en este disco nos muestra ( aun mas ) su gran talento pero como solista . sus canciones : `` amor del bueno '' , `` desde que llegaste '' y `` calma '' son hermosas . y quien no ha escuchado el tema musical , `` la descarada '' , de la muy popular telenovela rubi ? comprenlo hoy
well the `` flicks '' were definitely not award worthy but , they bring a nostalgia when seen .
i love this new book by gloria page . the book itself is an art stamping project . each page of the book is created with hand-made graphics . the instructions are very clear and the projects yield very wonderful results . try them as soon as you get the book . you wo n't be disappointed
the uncut escaflowne still is n't quite as good as the original with subtitles , but it much better than fox 's version . thing make more sense now because fox was cutting out important scenes . this series is a must have and this tape is definitely good and with every tape i get the series seems to get better and better
my favorite piece in this book is 'answers to a questionnaire ' -- vintage sontag -- thinking , witnessing , and finally enlightening everything she must . despite the self-loathing revealed by a number of american reviewers below who show themselves apparently ready to detest integrity itself , the naked truth comes clear and comes clear ! clear thinking may yet be the last frontier ! a worthy argument for such is surely made in the pages of this book . it is even for those who are spiteful without cause to discover themselves lurking in the heart of this book , grevious as ignorance is , & wretched as spite becomes in the end . listen -- vitriolic political sideswiping is as american as dumplings . sontag , characteristically and sympathetically , not only notes its irrevelance , but conjures an antidote called moral patience , so no wonder all the shouts and curses against her ! making certain their own avenues of self-discovery venture nothing wiser than a hepped up , but sunless , hyper-nationalism wretchedly disguised as patriotism , it 's unfortunately not surprising the chorus of disappoval this woman engenders . thank goodness sontag remains preoccupied with her art ! -- a living , teaching , redemptive art burnished , by now , to an holistic glow , as every page of this book bears witness . what in the world are you talking about ? ? ! -- susan sontag is american to the core ! i reckon that aspect of her identity contributes as much as any other of her native gifts to the beauty and usefulness of her art . wake up , people
i was given this cd as a gift for my newborn daughter and it is wonderful ! i am buying it again because it is starting to skip i have played it so much . it does n't get old and i even enjoy falling asleep to it while i am listening to the baby monitor
i was enormously fascinated by the film `` the throne of blood '' we just watched as part of our pre-ap english course in nagoya international school , japan . the film adopts the plot of shakespeare 's macbeth with a japanese setting . macbeth is characterized as a japanese warrior , the head of the 1st fort . after the victory , he sees a spirit ( the witch-equivalent ) in the forest on his way to the shogun 's castle . as he has predicted , he was awarded the prestigious status of the head of the castle . the king decided to visit his castle one day to organize a plan to kill the banquo-equivalent character . he is extremely proud of the trust that the king has in order to arrange such an important event , but his wife believes that the king insists on killing him instead . the big gap between his optimism and his wife 's pessimism leads him to the road of tragedy . i believe the director of the film could easily adopt the setting very similar to that of the original macbeth , thanks to the similarities in the feudal system of japan and scotland . japan also believed in the existence of spirits and how the nobleman was ranked in status was similar to that of scotland . kurosawa would 've struggled creating the throne of blood if he , for example , adopted dynastic china or the kingdom of thailand as the scene instead of japan . all of the characters in `` the throne of blood '' successfully and accurately emulated the characters in the shakespearean version . although there were some changes in their persona ( such as the lady macbeth character was a more modest figure than the original ) , all characters kept their qualities , tendencies and their role . to people whom read macbeth in the past , this movie is definitely worth the watch . viewers can receive the same impression and the excitement of macbeth with a totally different setting . koy
this album covers all of maries long career and every track down memory lane is a gem a must for osmond fans.if you are not a fan you will be after listening to the best of marie osmond
with a very interesting script , and a group of high caliber actors . it is always an imposible not to make a great movie.- kevin spacey , russell crowe , kim bassinger , danny de vito and all the others put together a classic in this type of movie
i love this cookbook ! the recipes are very authentic and the variety is excellent . i make a recipe from this book at least once a week , and i 've had the book for a year . i recently bought a copy for my mother-in-law . i 've had people tell me that my food tastes better than something from an italian restaurant . the recipes do involve a lot of cooking , since most of them use fresh herbs and vegetables . but the quality makes it worth the time ! happy cooking
anyone who wants to grow and improve can benefit from reading john eliot 's book , which teaches you how to develop the power of focused thinking and , thus , to develop yourself in whatever you do . eliot explains how to use focus to become an exceptional thinker and performer so you can achieve extraordinary things . he believes in following your passion , learning to live in the moment and incorporating some fun into your life and your job . these concepts can help anyone perform better , but they particularly call to those who want to transcend being `` average '' and to live with passion and purpose . eliot explains that the human body is physiologically designed to perform exceptionally well under stress . therefore , he says , do n't focus on eliminating stress from your life . instead , make good use of it . although eliot uses numerous examples from sports to illustrate his fundamental principles , readers without a great interest in athletics will still find his stories very interesting , applicable and helpful . even if this sensible self-help book contradicts some popular self-perfecting advice , it provides a strategy for putting your passions and mental powers to work . we recommend it to those who lead stressful lives - here 's how to make stress work for you
in <NUM> barry , robin , and maurice were reunited ! or at least that 's how new distributor warner brothers tried to sell it . even though the brothers never really left themselves or us , but i digress . i only have this album on cdr , since warner 's seemed to make the release very scarce . the cover is cool , though . the boys look totally different from when audiences remembered them last . no white , no hair , well not as much anyway . black . dark , edgy . i 'm pip and i 've come to play ! esp is naturally the song to lead off the album . it is different from any other project the brothers did at the time . better than walls have eyes , more polished than now voyager . however , esp is also very stand alone on this album and nothing else here sounds like it . ( not that i mind that of course . ) we heard some of robin 's coming out voice party on living eyes , but in songs shared with baz . barry moved onto some heavy producing , but without robin . esp brings them together again and slams both powerhouses . there is so much going on in this song , you can imagine this is what a telepath hears . noise , each trying to have its own say , competing with everything else that is heard , and all of it 's important . brilliant . ah , you win again . although not as well know in the us as the fever monsters , this song is indeed one of those monster songs that you just have to love . there are so many hooks , lines , and sinkers musically , lyrically , vocally . from the whole second verse 's play on ` nobody stops this body ' to robin 's oh baby ! wail to that bombing drum throughout . hot damn . this song did actually even encroach the us charts , imagine that ! live or die ( hold me like a child ) ( what is it with them and parenthesis ? ) is the first slow song presented . barry returns to his shrill notes and sometimes the versus are tough to understand . the chorus is strong and the lyrics as always are top notch . the ad-libbed over the top ending is perfect eighties power ballad fashion . the music and high voices are a little dated , but you ca n't help but try and sing along when your driving home alone late at night , or is that just me ? giving up the ghost sound a bit more like the tracks on walls have eyes , but that 's ok. great music rifts . some of the refrains are a bit much , and one of the times where i might say the chorus is the weaker part of the song . then again , the boys hold out ` ghooooost ! ' and it sounds cool again . robin sounds great in the verses , since you can understand him seventy percent of the time . ; <NUM> ) the longest night is one of the hotter bee gees songs in my opinion , just like bodyguard . after their solo and side projects in the early eighties , the brothers came back for esp stronger again . robin with this song has somehow managed to combine the weeping joke sound with the booming voice he developed post fever . the vibrato was always there , but the five o'clock shadow eighties sounds fit robin 's haunting lyrics as the sixties mellow sound did . indeed esp together with walls have eyes is a dang good hunk of gibb material that it seems everyone missed . pity . every album has to have a fun song and this is your life is esp 's . it 's nice to see the brothers come back and kind of laugh off and yet embrace their past music . the lyrics ` line-drop ' titles of other bee gees songs during the interlude . can i tell you this is the only time i sing to ` jjjive talkin ' ! it 's barry rapping but with dribs and drabs from the old songs cutting in and out . very cool . i could recommend the entire album on that interlude alone if i had to , but i do n't . outside of its sweet and soft lyrics and vocals , angela is in my mind a little bit of a statement song . sometimes it feels like you can almost exchange ` angela ' for ` america ' . followed by the line ` i 'm still alive ' , i wonder if the boys were making a veiled statement at us stubborn yanks . indeed they were still alive , and maybe this is also a pun on stayin ' alive . the new york times effect a man , remember . ; <NUM> ) the feel of the song is so innocent and easy feeling , but i suspect more ! the girl that got away ? i think not . maurice brings this album to a standstill with overnight . it 's the closest in vein to the song esp . maurice , however , adds not telepathy , but animal magnetism . it 's a different kind of psychic sense . the lyrics are so detailed and the interlude combining the echo of all three voices is exceptional . the music has , if there is such a thing , a predatory feeling that 's good . by the end of the song you are totally sold and yelling back , `` all right i 'll stay ! '' in the eighties and later on high civilization , the brothers seem to have a little motown tribute revival thing going . crazy for your love is fascinating in that it is has a motown throwback vibe and at the same time , it 's straight eighties bubblegum pop . ( tiffany , anyone ? ) i would cringe if i heard some tween today singing any song about love and ice cream . however , play crazy for a kid today , they will like it , and never know it is old men singing in <NUM> ! how ingenious is it to find such a timeless song here ? ! backtafunk is not your traditional gibb song . it sounds a bit ... i want to say new edition ! naturally the brothers master all the hip beats and singing , even if the lyrics are slightly bland . again however , the breakaway interlude makes the song . the harmony and fun of the boys come in and the song kicks up to another level . is barry scatting ? incredible ! esp ends with the esp vocal reprise , and i do n't really know why . its just the opening echo of the voices on the first track , but it does sound cool . allow me to mention the oddities associated with esp , as you knew there would be some ! young love is an unreleased cut that did n't make the album . i managed to download a piece that cuts short , but it 's heavy in the low key maurice vein . honestly i do n't know why it was cut . the <NUM> compilation tales from the brothers gibb contains an esp demo that is very similar to the final version , just missing a few production marks . fans should also check out the one for all tour vhs and dvd for concert footage of the boys singing giving up the ghost and extras from one . warner brothers does not realize the bee gees quality they possess , and they should re-release esp . i wonder if this album planned to have any sort of theme to it ? each song touches a different type of emotion and vibe , and are n't songs in a way a psychic connection from one person to another ? interesting theory , kristin . interesting .
gene harris is a true master of his craft . this quartet makes beautiful music ; this group is one of which i want all their recordings ( and i 'm in process of getting it ) . the mood of the music is very uplifting ! the audio signal is clear , as are all concord records i 've bought . this quartet consists of gene harris on piano ( and band leader ) , ron eschete on guitar , jeff hamilton on drums , and the late great ray brown on bass ! all ten tracks are beautiful , beautiful
this is a well done cartooning book . as an amatuer with only a hint of talent at drawing , i gained a great deal fromt this book . it helps you to see the simple shapes that most cartoons start from and how to build upon it . it is more geared toward the teen audience , but adults and even young children could gain much from it . the directions are simple to follow and there are tons of examples and illustrations . even a non-artist like me was able to turn out some impressive cartoons . this would be a great book for anyone interested in drawing and/or cartooning
milne , a 3rd generation scottish osteopath , has the celtic gift of healing through word and touch . he shares the long multi-cultural history , precise techniques and profound implications of cranial work with quiet passion and reverence . his approach is an extraordinary blend of clinical expertise and spiritual authenticity . a must for any therapist using this approach
i thought this book had some good points . ppl should see this book as advice and not follow things so literally . i noticed many reviews , ppl did not agree with her about breastfeeding . i notice that she tries not to pressure moms into breastfeeding . after my baby was born , i felt pressured to breastfeed .
this is an amazing collection of all new works from not only a master guitarist and stellar songwriter ... but one of the smoothest and most amazing voices around ( for another voice this good ... see `` neil finn '' ) . even if you 've never heard of vince gill , or do n't listen to country music - buy this cd and enjoy it ( each cd is in a different style ) . i just saw him last night at the wiltern theater in los angeles and he blew my mind . he and his roughly <NUM> piece band were sensational . he performed <NUM> or <NUM> tracks off each of the four cds in this collection and not one of them was n't fantastic . there are n't enough good things to say about this box set of all new material
with his latest release , mark sanborn gives you proven tools to exercise leadership -- no matter what your position or assumed stature . a fast , engaging read , this book is loaded with anecdotes and moving stories of unsung people who transcended the ordinary to accomplish great things . everyone should adopt mark 's seven principals of leadership . `` you do n't need a title ... '' is a worthwhile addition to your personal library
need i say more ? if you 've seen the movie .. you must read this book ... the fact that it is nearly word for word .... blew me away ... frank 's writting and art style is flawless ... keep it up ... i 'm lookin forward to sin city <NUM> ... ( ... <NUM> ? ... i hope ! ! ! ! !
unbelievable songwriting ! how could tjw go relatively unnoticed as he has been in the music industry ? i just saw him in los angeles last week in a smaller venue and he tore the roof off the place ! ! ! just him , his stratocaster & harmonica and a drummer . with the pa system set up right he sounded like a 5-piece band with just the <NUM> of them ! one hot july is probably his best effort to date in my opinion and now i 'm currently in the process of purchasing everything he 's ever put out ! ! ! buy this album and experience some of the best music ever produced
great music . great movie . when they enter the garage for the first time , before the first race , what is the music playing , any direction would be greatly appriciate
i am a huge 80s fan and this is a terrific selection of some of the best songs from that time
i purchased the first version eagerly when it was released . since then i 've purchased the rest of the seasons and was relieved when they started making the slim more compact packaging . i also noticed there were some flaws in the first set of dvd 's like no intro music and some other glitches that did n't match the others . the first version has <NUM> full size dvd boxes and only <NUM> episodes per dvd . it 's like they had to work out the kinks . it took me a long time to decide to purchase the `` new '' first season because i already paid $ 95.00 for it the first time , but i am glad i did . they added in a colorized intro section with ricky singing `` i love lucy '' that i just love . not to mention it 's smaller and matches my collection . if your 're trying to decide which first season to buy , this is the one . it has the same great first season eposides and extras , smaller , more episodes per dvd and the price is so right !
this book has absolutely fantastic recipes - all the favorites and then some ! my husband and i make a lot of these `` clones '' regularly . particular hits are the kfc honey bbq wings and the baskin robbins ice cream cake . great for get-togethers or when you 're having a craving at home
a lot of people prefer blue lines over protection and i just do n't understand that . i found protection to be great . possibly one of the best cds that massive attack has ever released other than mezzanine . eurochild is mindblowingly amazing . karmacoma , better things , heat miser , weather storm and spying glass are also exceptional . the only reason i do n't give this a <NUM> star rating is cause of the last track . a cover of the doors , light my fire that , to me , seems very pointless .
i purchased this dvd set in <NUM> and found it to be quite good , just i was a little disappointed with the genesis dvd because it was not a movie and they could of done a movie instead of a documentary .
i love this cd cassie steele is a great singer and actress i hope see comes out with another album hope y'all love it as much as i d
when asked , nearly every oasis fan i know will say that morning glory , or definitely maybe are oasis ' best albums . while both are very good , i 'd have to say that this one is the album i 'd have to go with for my personal favorite . do n't believe the truth is tied with this one for me . there 's just something here that it seems like oasis have always been trying to block up with pure attitude and drug-fueled anthems . this is the sober , matured oasis who are left in the aftermath of their dreams come true , to be rock'n'roll stars , standing on the shoulders of the lives they created , with nowhere to go but down . although the band was off drinking and drugs while making this album , ironically it is their most psychedelic and foggy effort . there are some of oasis 's weakest tracks on this one `` put yer money where yer mouth is '' , and `` i can see a liar '' , but there are also some of oasis 's best like `` roll it over '' . though this is by no means their strongest album , it is by far their most honest , and instrospective work to date . it 's the sound of the gallaghers turning away from rough attitude , and facing life head-on
i found this series especially delightful because robson green 's character lives within the confines of his own mind . though he shows remarkable insight into the actions of the violent and deranged , he also displays that phenomenal lack of social consciousness that is particular to geniuses and artists ( as in & quot ; yes , i just invented nuclear fission , but no , i did n't know i was supposed to wear socks and shoes to this award ceremony. & quot ; ) . this makes for some truly unusual and amusing situations , that help bring levity to the gruesome crimes he investigates . if you like touching evil or monk , this series may be for you .
sacrifice of the widow by lisa smedman is the first book in the lady penitent trilogy . for fans of the forgotten realms , this book follows up on the events of the six book series war of the spider queen . so , before i start this review , if you have yet to read the war of the spider queen series , i strongly suggest you do before you read this as events from that series are talked about , and have consequences , in this book . if you choose to read this book , and most likely this trilogy , without reading wotsq then there may be some things that just do n't make sense - so consider yourself warned . the plot of this book is not your traditional plot , in that it is not really one linear plot with a few sub-plots sprinkled in . the sub-plots are very good and hint at much larger ramification that will more than likely transpire in the next two books . there is the sub-plot of what really happened to hallisstra melarn at the end of the sixth wotsq book , and how she became what she is now . there is a sub-plot of the followers of eilstraee fighting followers of tow other entities . there is also a sub-plot of a larger ` battle ' between lolth and eilstraee . ms. smedman does a wonderful to weave all these sub-plots together to create not only an engaging story , but a seamless one at that . when the sub-plots shift between one another there is not much transition that throws the pace of the book off at all . the overall plot is very well written and easy to follow . there are several characters in this book . this is both a good thing and a bad thing at the same time . with all the different sub-plots there needed to be many characters to keep everything going . however , with this amount of characters there is less time for them to be developed fully so the reader has a better connection with them . there are a few characters that i would have definitely liked to read more about , and maybe that will be remedied in the next two books . do n't get me wrong , there was some character development in this book , such as that of hallisstra , her brother q'arlynd both had significant development . yet , the majority of the characters had little development . i believe that was just a part that had to suffer due to how much the plots of this book needed to be explained . overall , i enjoyed this book quite a bit . this is not your traditional drow novel in that it 's not strictly about subterfuge and chaos . the pace of this book is very good and ms. smedman 's writing lends itself to be easily read . it 's very easy to read through one hundred pages and wonder where the time went . with some drow books , the authors try to make these huge grand flourishes of prose , yet in this book ms. smedman seems conserved and this creates an easy feel . if you are a fan of the forgotten realms and have read the wotsq series you will undoubtedly enjoy this book for the continuation of that storyline . if you are a fan of fantasy in general and know a little about the forgotten realms i still believe you will enjoy this novel , although some things may not make much sense to you . at any rate , if you are considering reading this , i have no qualms about recommending it . it 's a very nice addition to the forgotten realms universe .
i just got back into batman after finding out they put batman beyond was in one collection . after that i started to remember why i loved batman so much . so i went out and got all <NUM> volumes and the last one imo held up the best . it 's been fun revisiting batman again and i hope to see bruce tim make one more series .
probably only the lord knows why i love this album so much . like another reviewer , my wife and son wo n't let me play it while their around , so i play and sing along with it while i am alone in the car . yes , leon 's voice is terrible to some , a little whiney to some but that is what gives the album its charm . you can hardly sing worse ! the song selections are classic . the band is great . i love the steel guitars of pete drake , curly chalker , weldon myrick , and hal rugg . then you have the classic dobro of tut taylor on uncle pen ! what more is there to love
after dealing with back pain and general weakness for months , i finally decided to get proactive about the problem and start doing a daily workout . i 'd tried this dvd once before , but had no idea of the incredible effect it can have in a very short amount of time . after starting to use it daily just a few weeks ago , i already feel much more limber and energetic all day . my aching back has disappeared , my arms and legs are significantly stronger , and i feel more clear-headed and lucid all day . i can personally attest that the claims on the back of the case , that it will `` give your body an active workout and help you develop inner peace and outer strength '' are entirely true . i highly recommend this program . be aware that it 's pretty strenuous , and i often find myself sweating heavily by the end , but if you do it every day , and really put some effort into it , you 'll feel and look better very quickly
these <NUM> double disc live cd 's ... i did n't like vu until i heard these cd 's . the versions of lisa says and sweet jane on here make later recordings of the same songs sound completely inferior . it 's like a totally different band on these discs
ever walk around , read the newspaper , watch tv , and basically see so mch stupid stuff that it takes all your willpower not to go off and bash everything ? thankfully , black does n't care whose feelings get hurt , so we 're all benefitting from it . hilarious stuff , man ..
anything madea is in is worth watching ! this movie had it all . i loved it
dick wrote this in collaboration with another sf great , roger zelazny , though the end result is not really one of either author 's best efforts . in a post-world-war-iii wasteland a religion has grown up around the god of wrath , whose human embodiment is one carleton lufteufel , the government official who detonated the doomsday device that contaminated the earth 's atmosphere with radioactivity . limbless painter tibor mcmaster sets off in his cart on a quest to find lufteufel to capture the god 's true visage in a painting . there 's some interesting speculation around the encounter between a vitiated christianity with this life-negating religion ( deus irae means `` god of wrath '' ) and a somewhat zen-like spiritual renewal may be found in the novel 's conclusion . the religious preoccupation gives the novel interest as a kind of reflection of dick 's other greater novels of the late 60s and 70s , despite the somewhat casual and fragmented history of its composition
sabu appears to be having a very good time as mowgli , the child adopted by wolves who lives among the wild beasts as one of them ; he swings from tree to tree like a nursery tarzan . in the dark-green jungles of this lush , handsome alexander korda production ( directed by zoltan korda ) mowgli has more to do with humans than in the original kipling novel . patricia o'rourke is around for a suggestion of precocious romance ; also joseph calleia is there for posterity ... the screenplay by laurence stallings perhaps wandered a bit from kipling , the segments concerning the python , the treasure and the ruined city are still thrilling in their way . children will probably still love the movie , and adults will have a better time than they expected ... look for a very young , very american rosemary decamp
`` as henry van cleve 's soul passed over the great divide , he realized that it was extremely unlikely that his next stop could be heaven . and so , philosophically , he presented himself where innumerable people had so often told him to go . '' henry ( don ameche ) is greeted courteously by his excellency ( laird cregar ) . `` i presume your funeral was satisfactory ? '' the devil asks . `` well ... there was a lot of crying , '' henry says , `` so i believe everybody had a good time . '' his excellency explains that while he will consider henry 's request , there must be good reasons to avoid going up there . `` if you meet our requirements , we 'll be only too glad to accommodate you . would you be kind enough to mention , for instance , some outstanding crime you 've committed `` `` crime ... crime ... i 'm afraid i ca n't think of any , '' henry says . `` but i can safely say my whole life was one continuous misdemeanor . '' heaven can wait is the witty , nostalgic , gentle and surprisingly thoughtful tale of henry van cleve , philanderer , wealthy lay-about and a man far from noble . under ernst lubitsch 's direction and with samson raphaelson 's screenplay , heaven can wait is , as critic andrew sarris says , `` a hidden masterpiece . '' his excellency is intrigued and asks henry to tell him his story . henry believes that he can do this only through the women in his life , and , in one linear flashback , he does , starting as a babe in a bassinet . henry loves women , he loves the pursuit , he loves the pleasures of the chase , the theater , the champagne , the supper clubs . he 's spoiled , he 's optimistic , he 's endlessly inventive in finding ways out of being discovered . he may be innocently selfish , but it 's in an almost childlike way . `` oh , henry , '' his wife , martha ( gene tierney ) , says to him after being exasperated once too often , `` i know your every move . i know your outraged indignation . i know the poor weeping little boy . i know the misunderstood , strong , silent man , the worn-out lion who is too proud to explain what happened in the jungle last night . '' henry had eloped with martha the day he met her , under the nose of her fiance , his cousin albert ( allyn joslyn ) , a straight-laced lawyer who believes `` marriage is n't a series of thrills . marriage is a peaceful , well-balanced adjustment of two right-thinking people . '' henry loves martha deeply , but ca n't resist a beautiful face or a well-turned leg . even as a widower , with a grown son , his old habits remain a part of his character . yet he is so likeable and charming , henry van cleve rarely hurts anyone . after listening to henry 's story and despite all of henry 's tales of waywardness , his excellency sends him on his way ... but in an elevator going up , not down . he tells henry , you 'll find many people up there who love you and have been waiting for you . they will intercede for you ... because despite everything you made people very happy . this is a delightful movie that must have seemed either a relief or irrelevant to it 's time . it was made in <NUM> and was popular , yet it ostensibly is about nothing much at all . the setting is the <NUM> 's through the start of the <NUM> 's . there is no reference to any outside forces in henry 's life , no world war i , no great depression , no rise of fascism , no moral messages . yet as the movie goes on we meet characters we come to either find amusing or to like , or both , and they disappear from the screen . their time has passed and , out of sight , they 've died while henry 's story continues . i was left , almost without realizing it , feeling optimistic and a little sad . life does pass us by , and it 's best savored by enjoying life without damaging others . among these characters are henry 's grandfather ( charles coburn ) , irascible and secretly ( and not so secretly ) envious of henry 's outlook on life ; henry 's father and mother , played by louis calhern and spring byington , obliviously stern and clueless and loving and clueless , respectively ; and mabel 's parents from kansas , played by eugene pallette and marjorie main , who have a great sunday breakfast scene battling over the comic pages while their butler is the intermediary . laird cregar , only <NUM> when he made this movie and dead little more than a year later , brings great , amused authority to the role of his excellency . gene tierney with her overbite was never more luscious . she did a skilled job as mabel , loving henry , understanding of his ways but only willing up to a point to be tolerant . the movie , however , is don ameche 's . he might have been a bland actor , but he is just about perfect as henry van cleve , well-intentioned , charming , constantly tempted and often frustrated . the movie seems to me to be just about a perfect collaboration between director lubitsch and writer raphaelson . they had collaborated earlier on two other great movies , the incomparable trouble in paradise and the shop around the corner . trouble in paradise has one of the most amusing screenplays you can find , and lubitsch brought to it all the urbanity and style he was known for . if you could choose only one lubitsch movie to own , i 'd unhesitatingly say to make it trouble in paradise . but i think heaven can wait would be second choice . the criterion dvd features a sumptuous picture transfer with rich color . the extras include a discussion of the film by movie critics andrew sarris and molly haskell and an interview with raphaelson by bill moyers . the case has an informative brochure with an essay about lubitsch and the film .
for all the care they put into this fine , textured story of a pedophilia scandal in a catholic orphanage in 1970s newfoundland , the filmmakers ca n't let go of the conventional dichotomy of child abuse dramas : grim , teeth-gnashing villains and righteous , just-folks heroes . it 's as though the subject is so touchy it can only be approached through melodrama . henry czerny , though , gives a courageously unsympathetic performance that lends realistic but unexpected dimensions to teeth-gnashing , and lise roy is superb as his wife in the film 's second part . and the canadians go further than american filmmakers ever could or would , suggesting how available the boys ' bodies are , and what could be attractive about them . finally , the whole snowbound , wood-paneled production is goregous to look at . subject matter aside , if you doubt that canada is a distinct place from the united states , take in the sights , sounds , and attitudes of this small epic
i am going to keep this short and sweet i really liked this movie and have watched it several times . i only have one complaint , i wish it were offered in russion with subtitles . it appears to much like they are americans , no accents
excellent selection of some of the best from these three friends ( and a little zach gill , too ! ) . gives you the feeling you 're sneaking into a weekend jam session at jack 's house . fans of these guys will want to add this cd to their library . seems to me , though , they could have easily added a few more songs and make this a full length effort
after doing kathy smiths old style prenatal video and leisa hart 's fitmama video , i had to try one of leisa hart 's oldie videos and was so happy to find she had one on dvd ... it was a blast seeing the thong outfits from the buns of steel videos , i really ca n't wait to do more after my pregnancy , but this is a balst to modify some of the routines , this was a really old style dvd
my title for this review may sound a bit over the top , but rest assured , it is not an exaggeration . this music was composed using a synth that the berrons built themselves ( this was before you could buy a synth ) and composed this music for the sci-fi film . whether you like the movie or not , this music stands on it 's own . brilliant compositions and beautiful , innovative electronics that interestingly enough , despite all the resources and technology available now , easily surpass most electronic work being done today . for fans of good , serious electronic music ( and by good i do n't mean techno or some crap like that ) , this is essential music . do not miss out on this masterpiece
first of all it has aaliyah in it and for her first movie debut she way over excelled in my opinion . the movie is seious yet it has comedic ways , which i love about it and the actors in it are great at bringing the movie alive , if any of them were to be replaced with someone else it would n't have been the same because they all made it their very own . also the characters in it are very slick and the martial arts is cool , usally i do n't care for martial arts movies , when i 'm watching this i ca n't take my eyes of the screen . if you love comedy , martial arts , and romance you should check this movie out . yet another thing to keep aaliyah 's beautiful legacy alive ! ! ! r.i.p babygirl , fly high with your twenty two doves , you 'll always be forever in my heart ! !
i am not going to write about the merits of ran , i.e. , it is a given that it is perhaps kurosawa 's finest work . if you bought the previous masterworks edition and are sitting on the fence whether to purchase the criterion , do n't hesitate . the `` masterworks '' transfer is a travesty compared to the criterion . the colors just bleed in the masterworks , whereas here the colors are perfect and vibrant . on the masterworks dvd there is a restoration demo , which i thought was a joke since they did a lousy job compared to the criterion . get this dvd if you are a kurosawa fan ; you wo n't regret it . this is perhaps the finest criterion dvd that i have purcased , and i own over <NUM> criterions
long-time fans of the series will enjoy many elements of this book : sharon and hy finally marry ; sharon 's birth mother and adopted mother meet one another ; sharon 's agency expands with some new operatives ; and rae finds herself back doing some detection . in addition , there 's a dark , detailed plot that builds from a very old , cold case . one of the strengths of this story comes in ms. muller 's deft handling of so many past characters and weaving them the on-going story line . it adds a rich texture to the book that builds depth . that texture is nicely developed also by ms. muller 's strong ability to build a sense of place as almost another character in the story . the cold case is quite complex and requires an extensive investigation using many resources . but it 's not a classic mystery in that you 'll be able to put three clues together in the beginning and figure out who did what to whom . instead , you 'll be able to figure out the next plot development in the procedural about 5-15 pages ahead of time . the book 's main drawback comes in its unappealing characters . most readers like either sympathetic characters or disgusting villains . this book lacked both . the characters were either completely flat , highly superficial or just plain selfish . but there was nothing about them to attract our interest other than the role they played in the plot development . authors often have to choose between developing their plots and their characters . while we get lots of character development concerning the missing laurel greenwood , it 's ultimately unrewarding . the plot 's needs won , but it 's an unsatisfying victory . the book 's overall theme is about what it takes to make a good marriage . i thought that element was done well . i especially appreciated the nods to bill pronzini 's nameless detective as part of that message . but any long-time fan will enjoy the book . new fans should go back to the beginning of the series and delay this book .
the story of brando 's charactor 's decision to fight for whats right regardless of personal consequences . but to me the star of the show is karl malden who plays a catholic priest willing to put his life on the line to live as christ told him to . his speach following the murder in the cargo-hold is one of the most inspirational moments in all cinema .
if you do not own this album you must get your hand on a copy . it is the best debut album since definatly mayby . tracks like & quot ; golden touch & quot ; & quot ; v.i.c.e & quot ; well lets just say every song on the album is a bonnifide hit including the banging & quot ; stumbble and fall & quot ; which will have you tapping your toes from the first <NUM> seconds . if you like the libretines or the others or are just looking for a solid cd this is a must have
nelson george 's arguments are clear , well-organized , and powerful . while reading , i was forced to look at things differently than i ever had before . the ideological vision of integration is an honorable one , but the simple fact demonstrated in the death of rhythm & amp ; blues is that integration is forever indebted to black utility for white profit . it is likely that race relations in this country would be quite different if whites had not benefited from the talent and ingenuity of black athletes and performers in such a profitable fashion . this is ground that history teachers rarely , if ever , tread on . it is quite tragic to know that the unique and powerful black culture from which basically all popular music is derived , can be so easily forgotten or ignored . george 's position is most intriguing in that it reminded me that history may belong to the teller , but there are many stories to be told . i consider myself fortunate to have heard this one
from the first page to the very end , you love this crazy family and especially rebecca . in this sad and dysfunctional world - to be able to read this book in two days was a wonderful and warm happening ! i actually missed the family when i closed this book with tears and a smile - i love them and will keep this book to cherish with my family - always . thank you anne tyler !
eddie murphy and dan aykroyd star in this great <NUM> 's comedy flick that never gets old , i seriously have seen this film so many times and each time it gets funnier with each viewing especially with the little things that you tend to miss during the first time . the scene where louise ( dan aykroyd ) wakes up in his own bed in the following morning after a terrible experience and tells his buttler in a very snoby accent that he had this awful nightmare where this negro ... and then he sees eddie murphy 's character next to him smilling had me bursting with tears of laughter , the comedic timing in this film was perfect i highly recomend this film .
i have held back from doing an online review because i recognize that my objectivity is n't well , very objective when it comes to elton john . i love everything he does ( even `` victim of love '' ! ) . but i could no longer resist . this cd is magnificent . elton john and bernie taupin have crafted a work that spans generations , bridges gaps and even pays homage to personal and artistic lapses over the years . it is an honest , courageous and celebratory reflection of the terrain these two geniuses have traversed over some <NUM> years . that 's the depth of `` the captain and the kid . '' but let 's not get lost in the depths here , either . this cd is one great listen . even if you 're not interested in the history ... even if you 're just a casual fan ( can one just be a casual elton john fan ? ? ) or just like good music , `` the captain and the kid '' is great entertainment . it has it all ... great arrangements , great piano playing from elton and of course , hooks abound . no one ... that 's right , no one can write a hook like elton . these songs stay with you ... they become your companions on your journey , and like good wine , they get better and better . i must also write a word of support for all who have written regarding so many artists doing retreads of old standards/hits . i know , i know , this stuff is selling like there 's no tomorrow . i suppose , as much as i ca n't bear another rod stewart retread cd ( i loved rod though most of his career ... i just ca n't stand what he 's done over the last five years ... rod ... please stop ! ) i guess the attraction/appeal of these cd 's is that the buyer knows they 're going to get a full cd 's worth of good ( or at least known ) songs from a reliable artist . true , it is not as easy as it used to be to find many cd 's today that are original and good from start to finish ... cd 's tend to be longer than lp 's and therefore run the risk of running out of steam , and let 's face it ... many do . oh , the classic cd 's , they 're out there , you might have to do some mining before striking gold , however . sadly , `` the captain and the kid '' did not ignite the charts . i can not understand it . and i do realize that popularity has nothing to do with greatness . yet , this is truly a great cd , a work of art that deserves to be heard . it is a throw back to the glory days , yet it is not dated in the least . and one listen ... just one puts you right back on the yellow brick road , platform shoes and all ! no , i suppose you ca n't go back ... not totally anyway , but it is oh so nice take one more sweet ride with the captain and the kid .
this album has it all . utterly gorgeous . bittersweet symphony serves as a classic opener , complete with luscious strings . a perfect video clip to match too . do n't try walking down a busy city street while listening to the song . you 'll start trying to imitate ashcroft 's negligent and arrogant swagger . while sonnet is sweet , the rolling people and come on are epic , angry , arrogant songs that just make you wan na sing out loud and just go off . it 's an adrenalin rush in your ears .... lyrcially , the songs are deep . ashcroft is a fascinating lyricist , and his sentiments in weeping willow and the rolling people are endlessly intriguing . <NUM> minutes long , but it 's a soaring sensation . every song has merit , even neon wilderness that is pivotal to maintaing the perfect flow of the album . a must have for any one who likes british rock . one of the most important albums of the <NUM> 's ..
this book is perhaps my favorite american novel of all time . kesey 's brand of storytelling is highly engaging and makes this book readable in one sitting . however , he is most admirable for his characters . the protaganist of `` one flew over the cuckoo 's nest '' is randle patrick mcmurphy , a brash and determined young delinquent with a devil-may-care attitude . mcmurphy feigns a mental disorder in order to be moved from prison to a mental ward . upon entering the mental institution , mcmurphy stirs up all kinds of trouble by befriending and influencing a bevy of mental patients , all with their own interesting eccentricities . all of this is done to the dismay of the dictatorial `` big nurse '' who becomes mcmurphy 's nemesis . interestingly , the story is told through the character chief broom who for years has pretended that he is a deaf mute , an aspect that affords him greater perceptability . i highly recommend this book -- it will humor , sadden , move , and excite anyone who reads it . i have also concluded that -- in my limited experience with literature -- randle patrick mcmurphy is the greatest character ever conceived by an american novelist
this book provided a clear and tragic story of the invasion . you might want to take notes , however . acronyms and abreviations should be explained more frequently , as well as military organization , for those of us civilian
i am a person who cherishes their connection to the divine . i am always looking for new books that can inspire me on my spiritual path . this book delivers ! i totally love it . beautifully written with great soul ! i would recommend this book to anyone who is looking to ignite their divine spark with great love and self acceptance
this book was recommended to us by a psychotherapist when we came to discuss family problems . it was a great help through the first few weeks of therapy - and progress followed rapidly . psychoanalysis never had such a coherent explanation ! and the voice of john cleese makes a great delivery for the info . bravo
wow ! i was n't expecting much watching this little movie `` out in fifty '' one night at home with my boyfriend . but then at one point , i totally found myself engrossed watching this guy scott leet , who was playing this ex-con trying to get a second chance at life after getting out of prison . i mean , me and my boyfriend were sitting there like totally in tears and suddenly we realized we were watching this amazing talent . scott leet totally blew us away ! i mean he was totally ripped , totally cool , totally ... just mesmerizing . he reminded us a lot of a young clint eastwood , xcept with lots more vulnerability . scott leet could totally win an academy award someday . he 's really amazing . and gorgeous too
this is a great way to learn the sanskrit and pronunciation . the accompanying cd was wonderful
face off is in my opinion an all time classic film , the plot at first glance is fairly ridiculous and unrealistic but it is one of those cases where if you suspend your disbelief you will love this film . john travolta plays sean archer a police detective whose son was accidently killed by castor troy ( nicholas cage ) while attempting to kill archer , who had been tracking him for several years . archer then makes it his lifes ambition to catch troy , and early in the film archer finally catches and apparently kills his man ( troy is in a deep coma afterwards ) , only after he reveals vague details of a chemical attack on l.a. after interviewing his brother pollux troy , they find out there is indeed an attack iminent in l.a , but he will give no details of the location . it is then that the undercover face swap idea is suggested , from this point on archer is played superbly by nicholas cage , who goes into prison to recover info from pollux . the plot dramatically changes when troy awakes fom his coma , after finding a video of the operation and finding his face missing , he calls in a few associates to help him . the doctor who performed the operation on archer then grafts his face onto troy at gunpoint , the few people who knew about the top secret mission are then all killed . from this point on of course castor troy is played by travolta . i wo n't give away any more of the plot but what follows is both hilarious and disturbing , both leading men are superb , but cage perhaps just steals the show , as he gradually becomes trapped in troy 's body ( as archer ) . a great plot , an all star cast and superb acting make this action thriller a classic , like most great action films , there are great high budget chase scenes , hilarious moments ( usually courtesy of travolta as castor troy ) and excellent drama . instead of ridiculing the plot , watch this with an open mind and you will see a superb action film , which i believe to be one of the best of all time
this cd is full of emotion , and a lot of fun ! it 's like a great story in <NUM> awesome songs ! <NUM> . `` get stoned '' takes you back to ( or reminds you of ) your teenage years of love . <NUM> . `` how long '' shows the ache of a break up , and how much it hurts to have someone else with the person you love . <NUM> . `` by the way '' takes you to a place where everyone has/will be one day , wanting everything to be your way , and perfect . <NUM> . `` nothin ' good about goodbye '' relates how hard it is to finally cut your love off , and how every time you try to end it , they just keep coming back . <NUM> . `` bliss ( i do n't wan na know ) '' about the way you try and try to make everything work out and how you really do n't want to know it 's the end . <NUM> . `` better than me '' is about the realization that you really miss someone but that they deserve much more than what you have to give . <NUM> . `` room <NUM> '' a great song about a day at a bar that leads to a great night ! ! <NUM> . `` lips of an angle '' a very emotional song about two people that were in a relationship and are still there for each other . they still wish they were together . <NUM> . `` homecoming queen '' a song about a girl that is missing , someone that everyone took for granted ! <NUM> . `` shoulda '' very great song to end the cd with ! it is about not saying those <NUM> little words and wanting to change it ! ! this cd is a must buy ! ! ! no matter what kind of music your into .. it is an awesome cd that relates to everyday happenings ... it is the best that rock has to offer ! ! !
this musical is about wanting to get out of the life you live . in the case of shirley maclaine 's character , it 's about her finally trying to stop compromising on her ideals of love and quit her hypocritical ( hypocritical considering her remarks about truly believing in love ) job as a dancehall hostess . in addition to conversely demonstrating the shallow nature of the broadway musical dream and how even love can seem insincere on a grand lofty scale , they also inject these ideas with quirky humor which distracts from just how insipid these characters would seem if played straight . the funny thing about this film is that it is both a satire and completely honest in it 's depiction of life . it also contains excellent choreography and music whose flash demonstrates the appeal of such things . depicting all of these differing and seemingly contradictory thoughts makes the viewer not know how they feel about the whole thing . personally , after the film was over i was left with the callow sense of whimsy and was amazed at how willing i was to be entertained by this . apparently the stage version has a different ending so i hope that at some point i 'll be able to see it
although it only has a few selections by evans , this interview gives some real insight into his approach and thought process . recorded only two years before his untimely death in <NUM> , it shows the mature performer at the top of his game
i 'd rather give this 4.5 stars , but i ca n't . as another reviewer said , one wants to not like this volume . it 's expensive and there are some annoying things about it -- for example , the paper is soooo thin you can practically read the recto on the verso -- but it is all-around the edition i turn to most often . the riverside ( i 'd judge it to be the other most commonly used anthology ) is absolutely ungainly . its paper is certainly better , but the thing is absolutely huge . looks great on the shelf , but horrible to carry with you to class . i also dislike the riverside 's two column layout and system of notation , which puts notes and glosses at the bottom of the page without indicators in the text . the norton puts glosses in the margin , which i find infinitely less disturbing and more likely to be helpful , and it numbers footnotes . it also uses a single-column layout , which i find much easier to read and allows a smaller paper size ( same size as all the other nortons out there , same bible paper too ) without a smaller font size . the introductions to the individual plays have been farmed out to some of the best in the biz , so it 's not just greenblatt 's book . for what it 's worth , his job on the introductory material in this volume matches the quality of what you expect from one of the leading figures in the field . what 's more , the scholarly material is very readable and generally helpful . yes , the take of that material is definitely influenced by new historicism and cultural materialism , but anything compiled in the last <NUM> years is likely to be similarly influenced . there is also some good theater history help here and some good old facts . if you have problems with the oxford edition , then you 'll have problems with this one . if you do n't , then it should be fine . for what it 's worth , i reallllly like that there are the three lear texts . this is a volume than can just be read if you want to read shakespeare . but it 's also a book that will get you through the hard stuff and that is fit for scholarly work .
man , i wore out the season <NUM> collection , and all i could think about was when was season <NUM> coming out ! please bring season <NUM> out before christmas ; believe me , we will snatch them all up
reading all these reviews , you 've got a whole buncha people bashing on this cd because it 's a dance album . well , to all you that do n't know norman cook , aka fatboy slim is in fact a dance artist who produces dance music , do n't go into this album expecting anything different . mr. cook is a genious and his singles time & time again are proven not only to be sucessful , but also timeless ( aside from the tracks that the top <NUM> radio djs get ahold of and cram down our throats a zillion times until we never wan na hear 'em again ... thanks for that by the way , you 're doing the world a great service ) . as far as not understanding `` star <NUM> '' , ; what is there to understand . `` star <NUM> '' was made for one reason & one reason only , to make you shake your butt . if you 're looking for meaning in music , go listen to yanni , or enya , or celine dion , only listen to fatboy if you wan na boogie to the mfin ' oogie . as far as the guy bashin ' `` bird of prey '' , it 's jim morrison dude ; what more do you need . for those of you who do n't know musicians outside of the backseat boys , jim 's the lead singer from the doors , & one of the few truely brilliant musicians of ours any other generation ... ever . basically i 'll put it like this , do n't bash on the man because you 're to sheltered to understand good music unless it 's played for you twice every hour on the hour on the radio or mtv . cook 's music 'll be around alot longer than any one of your <NUM> hit wonder 's out there . just because norman makes his own music , & not from some mold given to him by some slimey record executive does n't mean his music is bad . if you do n't get it fine , but do n't bash on something just because you 're to shallow or close minded to understand . open your ears and give it a shot , your brain will thank you
if you love the art of dance and this takes you to a blast in the past , then buy this movie for the collection and the history . the story and acting is pretty bad , but the dancing is excellent ! if you are looking for something with a good story , keep searching . if you want something entertaining , then this movie is worth it
many cookbooks are tempting to read but impractical to cook from every day . this one on the other hand is full of fast , easy , and delicious recipies that are great for kids and adults . i have never made anything from this book that did n't dissapear at the table ; the microwave carmel corn is especially good . this is an outstanding book to get for your self or to give as a gift to any mom or dad
though i know they made <NUM> albums before this one with an early line up of some of the best jazz players of the time and future jazz players even ( hubert & ronnie laws ) ... <NUM> 's `` head to the sky '' was my first introduction to the elements of the universe aka earth , wind & fire ! they are my all-time favorite band and this is the album that started that love affair between them and myself ! in <NUM> , i was a <NUM> yr old kid who was developing my own burgeoning musical gifts , and boy , was there so many great musical mentors from that time to follow ... stevie was in the middle of his incredible creative run with `` innervisions '' taking the world by storm ! donny hathaway was at his brilliant peak with the now iconic `` extensions of a man '' .. ( i miss donny ! ) war was groovin ' with `` deliver the word '' , sly stone was bumpin ' the airwaves with his last good effort `` fresh '' , a pre-mothership funkadelic was ripping it up and slightly freaking my little <NUM> yr old brain out with their <NUM> effort `` cosmic slop '' , the isley brothers had revamped and were begining their incredible <NUM> 's multi-platinum streak with `` 3+3 '' .... man , it was truly a time of artistic giants and the bar was set high then ! ( unlike today ! ) of course i was exposed to all this and more by my mother and older cousins who were doing their thing at that time with the weed , wine and parties ! but even then , my musical aesthetic was way keen and i was absorbing everything i heard at warp speed ! one day my momz brought home an album with this group of smiling faces on it , adorned in the flower / peace regalia of the time and it read `` head to the sky '' .. i listened intently as she put it on and the tribal thunderstorm that is the intro to `` evil '' swept me up ! that was the first time i 'd ever heard the instrument that was to become an e , w & f staple in years to come .. the kalimba , and man could maurice wail on that thing ! i loved the atmosphericness of this album ! all music was like that then , it created it 's own atmosphere and took you to a heightened place . after the tribal funk of `` evil '' , my young ears were treated to what sounded like angels ascending from heaven as the sitar/fender rhodes intro of `` keep your head to the sky '' began with verdine purculating underneath on bass and al mackay and johnny graham doing their thing subtlely . then a <NUM> yr old phillip bailey , one of the greatest falsetto voices ever , at the height of his gifts , began to sing and i was transfixed ! when that angelic sounding chorus kicked in , i felt like i had left my body ! and just when i thought i could n't go any higher .. philip and jessica cleaves , who would leave the group soon after this album was released , chimed together like songbirds from nirvana ! that did it ! ... i was disciple from then on ! `` build your nest '' was as funky as an old batch of cabbage ! it had a good message and a young larry dunn was wearing that clavinet out big time ! then a piercing sonic interlude led to the gospel-inflected and deeply introspective song `` the world 's a masquerade '' , one of my faves to this day ! maurice was holding church ! .. laying down his story of how humanity is hypocritical & phony at times , and phillip and the choir was testifying in the background ! it was pure rapture to my ears then and still gives me chills now , some <NUM> yrs later ! side two opened with the breezy jazzy-funk of `` clover '' , which was great too , followed by the latin-jazz fusion of `` zanzibar '' which is like an iliad through afro-carribean music utopia ! to say that this album and group left an indelible impression on my pysche is an understatement ! of course , after this one was a string of majestic and innovative material which grooved the world and made them the icons that they are ! but this album was my introduction to them , and like any first love , it lingers in your memory forever ! -- enjoy --
this cloth book is not only colorful but has the added rattle for a baby to play with when reading them their cloth book . the baby can grab the cloth book by the rattle so it is easily accesible to them
del spits brilliant lyrics and produces excellently ... the beats of songs merge together as tracks change ... el-p makes a cameo ... casual makes a cameo ... prince paul produces a track ... get this album
elizabeth george in shorts is just as suspensful and whimsical as she is doing the long novel . normally , i do n't read short stories but decided to do so after finishing all of the inspector lynley books . i definitely was not disappointed . this lady comes with a great sense of humour in addition to her other sterling literary attributes . all the stories were suspensful right up to the final unexpected endings . i , richard , the last of the stories , transforms history into modern day life . both sad and amusing
the & quot ; simply & quot ; series was my first carley books to read . i love her fast paced stories . they are the kind that grab you and dont let go till long after the end . i loved all three books , but i would have to say that this one is my favorie . it is very sensual and had me turning the pages so fast it took only about two hours for me to read the aweseome story . ill be looking for any other titles by carley and snatch them up as fast as possible . i cant wait for what she has in store for us next
the last great american operetta of the 1920s , this masterpiece by sigmund romberg and oscar hammerstein is given a loving performance by the cast of the <NUM> new york city center encores production , including christiane noll , rodney gilfrey , lauren ward , burke moses , and peter benson . this is the only available recording of the complete score , including `` marianne , '' `` the girl on the prow , '' `` softly , as in a morning sunrise , '' `` stouthearted men , '' `` one kiss '' and `` lover , come back to me . '' what a treat !
in my opinion , this is one of elizabeth taylors best works . the film starts out with her basicaly being held , without her will , in a mental hospital . she meets a doctor ( montgomery clift ) who comes to see if he can figure out what is wrong with her , if in fact anything is . after meeting her , he decides to take her to his fathers hospital and work on her there . he puts her in the nurses ' courters , so as not to make her think that she is mentally challenged by putting her with the rest of the patients . to point out the major reason why she is in the hostpital , it is becase she is being held responsible for the death of a mothers son , but near the end of the movie you will find out that it truly was n't her fault . not only does she finally rid herself of the evil mother , but she falls in love with monty and live happily ever after . the end
vince , with is high tenor voice , is one of the finest singers that country music has ever poroduced - however , this album is not a country album . it is a wonderful christmas album that should appeal to fans of easy-listening music by the likes of andy williams and others . this was vince 's second christmas album and ( like the first ) vince sticks mainly to famous songs , being careful to avoid those that he included on his earlier album ( let there be peace on earth ) . the only unusual songs here are the title track ( written by amy grant , who eventually married him and who has recorded three brilliant christmas albums of her own ) , it 's the most wonderful time of the year ( which does n't appear on christmas albums as often as it deserves ) and a cradle in bethlehem ( another excellent song that could do with greater exposure ) . vince is in superb voice throughout with the orchestra providing tasteful backing on every track . so , once you get over any initial surprise at hearing vince supported by an orchestra instead of nashville musicians , this album is exactly what you 'd expect - brilliant
i 've seen this movie on tv a few years ago , but it just would n't leave my mind , so i ordered the dvd . it 's one of those movies you wo n't forget , because everyone of us has some kind of 'coach ' , as mitchell calls it . morrie is a great coach , and if you watch this movie , you will see why it is so heartbreaking . an old , wise man , a long lost friend , who teaches the last course in his life . at home . one student . a must have seen
i have heard claims that the gospels are `` metaphor '' or that they were never meant to be taken as biographical ( and therefore do n't have much or any historical data ) . this book ably debunks such claims . the intent of this book is not to prove the historicity of gospels , but to prove their genre . by establishing their genre , then we can better understand the intent of the authors . the well reasoned conclusion in burridge 's book is : the gospels fit the ancient genre of biography . in doing so he discusses a lot about genre and analysis ( this section was a bit tedious for me , but it was thorough ) . in all of the discussion and examples we learn how the ancient biographies are much different from modern ones . this is a key point , because i think much of the debates and criticisms of the gospels are done from the perspective of a modern biographical viewpoint . the ancients wrote biographies differently than those that are written today . but this does not make them more or less true . it is a matter of emphasis . today we want to know the details about dates , eye color , and a year by year accounting of events . the ancients were more selective in their biographies , and often focused on character not a chronological `` play by play '' of a person 's life . the ancient biographers did not just write to catalogue facts about a person , they often wrote to demonstrate why or why not we should emulate their subject . moderns too have such motives , and even biases , but they are often less up front about them . in many ways the ancients are superior in this regard , because it makes it easier to distinguish between data and commentary . in the end , burridge gives several examples of biography from the ancient world , and demonstrates that the gospels very clearly match their pattern . though there is variety between each of the biographies and the gospels , they are clearly demonstrated to be part of the same family of literature . this then establishes how the gospel writers understood their own works to be - biographies of jesus
judd nelson has made some good movies and some not so good . i count this as one of his best . as an attorney `` stormy weathers '' he ca n't be beat . he will stretch the limits of courtroon etiquette well past the limit if it will win his case . this is by far one of the best melodramas i have seen . not often do we see a movie full of comedy and drama at the same time . the beginning is very light stuff , but midway into the movie we start to see the darkside of humanity . john hurt turns in a magnificent performance as judd 's client in a murder case . judd ca n't decide if his client is innocent or guilty , but once he knows for sure he has to learn new tactics in dealing with the judicial system . fans of courtroom movies should enjoy this even if they are not fans of the 80s bratpack . great directing and excellent cast make this a winner . a nice soundtrack and scenes in boston do n't hurt either . good quality dvd but no extras
`` oh , my nola '' is a tribute to the crescent city by native harry connick jr . he grew up playing with jazz greats in the small clubs on burbon street , and this album feels like it came from there . every song sings and dances almost on its own , and jazz-lovers from long ago will remember hits like `` jambalaya ( on the bayou ) , '' `` careless love , '' `` wo n't you come home , bill bailey ? '' and `` lazy bones '' ( with spectacular trombone playing by lucien barbarin . ) my kids love this one , and we stop everything to sing together on `` the sheik of araby . '' the title song , a connick composition , says it all . this album is a tribute to the heritage of new orleans , and to the musical tradition that is kept alive by recordings like these . also check out `` chanson du vieux carre , '' a jazz recording released at the same time
i absolutely love this cd . i bought it when it first came out , and i used to listen to it everyday , a few times a day . but recently i found my cd and it was cracked ! anyhow , i 'm about to buy it again . but i wanted to let everybody know that this cd is definetly hot , you do n't have to skip any songs because they all are good
i personally do n't watch the hours of bonus stuff . i know lots of people do but i never do . i love this set because we can watch the long versions or the short depending on if we just need a fix or want to spend the entire weekend watching the set . we got a great deal on this set and i love knowing i can watch either version any time .
chamber music seems so right during the boisterous mechanics of the holidays and one sure respite from the garish noise of the external season can be found in works like the mendelssohn piano trios . here eugene istomin , leonard rose , isaac stern perform piano trios <NUM> and <NUM> in a manner that bespeaks camaraderie of the performers as well as a complete respect for these luminous works . some have called these works piano sonatas with obbligato and while for this listener that is an unfair judgment , eugene istomin plays the piano part with enough flair and thoughtful propulsion that he does at times sound the more important . but that is mendelssohn 's writing and not a self-aggrandizement of a pianist . the overall sound is simply superb . these two trios are some of the loveliest ever written from that era and the gentlemen performing them offer sophisticated and informed interpretations . the recording is excellent , the music is rarefied ! highly recommended . grady harp , december <NUM>
i am <NUM> and a long time stewart fan , this is one of his best . do n't know what the problem is with the other reviewers
i 'm a big fan of fantasy films from the 1980s , and after reviewing a couple here on amazon , this particular dvd came up . `` looks a bit girly , '' i thought , and so did my brother when he came over and spotted it on the coffee table . but for the most part `` the princess bride '' , is actually fun for both boys and girls , and for viewers of all ages . a boy ( fred savage from `` the wonder years '' ) is sick in bed , so his granpa ( peter falk ) comes to visit him . he 's brought a book for them to read together called `` the princess bride '' , a book that 's been in the family for generations , and has always cheered the family up when they 're sick . the boy is put off by the name , but decides to humour his grandpa and lets him read . his grandpa tells a tale of a peasant girl , buttercup , ( robin wright ) who falls deeply in love with a farm boy named westley ( cary elwes ) , only to be heartbroken when he goes on a trip , apparently killed by pirates on the way . buttercup vows never to love again , but these words do n't stop the prince of florin from taking her hand in marriage . before the wedding , buttercup is kidnapped by a sicilian , then counter-kidnapped by a fear some `` dread-pirate '' . but things are not as they appear , love that was thought to be dead is actually alive , and many an adventure and story are had , in this land full of monstrous eels , giant rats , fire-swamps , giants , six-fingered swordsmen and horrible instruments of torture . though there is a little bit of romance and melodrama in the film , it is a fairly light hearted piece . everyone seems to be having a lot of fun . the score , which is mostly gm-like keyboard tones , by mark knopfler adds to the goofiness of things , though it is a tender track when it needs to be . the sets and costumes are pretty nice too , as is the character development . there 's a couple of cameo appearances in the film as well , ( like billy crystal as a `` miracle worker '' ) so keep an eye out . worth a look for fans of fantasy and of romantic comedy . do n't be put off by the title , it 's a lot more than ( as fred savage 's character puts it ) a `` kissing story ''
the service related to this purchase was very good . i had no issues in regards to the delivery and the quality is acceptabl
alfred hitchcock works wonders in relating what the actual movie audience does -- sit in a theater and watch events unfold througout a narrative sequence -- by portraying that in his film `` rear window . '' through the eyes of jefferies ( jimmy stewart ) , we see the events that lead up to the suspicion of a murder that happens across his courtyard . he sees the events unfold through the window of his apartment , just as we see them on the movie screen . hitchcock uses suspense , point of view and camera angles to suck the audience into his own little movie world , with just a little voyueristic flair thrown in
happy days are here again with the release of a greatest hits album by <NUM> 's mega group silk . if you were a true r & b fan in the 90s then you were a fan of silk 's music . they had countless hits in their collection , and the best of silk highlights practically all of them . if you include the opening interlude , there are six tracks from their first album lose control on this greatest hits disc . they are the opening `` interlude , '' `` happy days , '' `` freak me , '' `` lose control , '' `` girl u for me , '' and `` it had to be you . '' they also include two remixes of `` happy days '' and `` freak me '' at the end of the disc . songs from their self-titled second album include `` i can go deep '' ( which was also from a low down dirty shame soundtrack ) , `` hooked on you , '' and `` do n't rush . '' songs from tonight consist of `` let 's make love , '' `` if you ( lovin ' me ) , '' `` the return , '' and `` meeting in my bedroom . '' `` we 're callin ' you '' is the only song from their last album love session with all the original crew . thankfully they did n't include anything from their independent album that was released minus little g. all in all , this was a good package of solid hits . you should definitely add the best of silk to the collection if you do n't already own the original albums
this is the story of two girls , alice marano ( claire danes ) and darlene davis ( kate beckinsale ) , who are best friends . alice is from a blue collar background , while darlene 's family is white collar . they have just graduated from high school and are supposed to be going on a trip to hawaii to celebrate , except that alice convinces darlene that they should , instead , go a more exotic locattion . so , while telling their parents they are off to hawaii , they end up going to thailand , where they flop in a six dollar a night fleabag hotel , replete with roaches the size of potatoes . they hook up with a handsome , young australian named nick parks ( daniel lapaine ) , who engages their confidence and with whom they briefly end up hanging out . alice and darlene find themselves competing for his interest . he then invites them to accompany him for a weekend in hong kong and , ultimately , both agree . while at the airport to board their flight to hong kong , they suddenly discover themselves under arrest , as one of their backpacks is found to contain a large cache of drugs , much to their collective surprise . the girls then begin a journey through the tibetan criminal justice system , which appears to be a corrupt one and especially harsh on the drug trafficking of which they are accused . alice , the more savvy one , declines to sign anything , while darlene , the more naive of the two , signs a statement written in thai that she believes to be a transcript of her own words , only later to find that she has signed a complete confession . even after obtaining legal representation from an expatriate attorney named yankee hank green ( bill pullman ) , they still end up being sentenced to a very long prison term . this is where the movie really starts focusing on what it is really all about , their friendship . excellent performances are given by claire danes and kate beckinsale , as well as bill pullman . while claire danes give her somewhat hard edged character a certain vulnerability , somehow the viewer knows that she could probably do the time to which she is sentenced while standing on her head . kate beckinsale imbues her her character with a fragility that lets the viewer know that if she stays in that tibeetan prison for very long , she will be a goner . while the ending comes as somewhat of a surprise , it is somehow fitting . yet , at the same time it is puzzling , as it is almost as if there were an atonement involved , but the viewer is left guessing as for what . the film is a compelling one , but in the final analysis falls somewhat short of its mark , with questions unanswered and motives left open to speculation . still , the film manages to entertain , notwithstanding these shortcomings
this woman has such soul and fire in her , especially for appearing so demurre in photos ... i am in total aw
well , i have to confess that i had never heard of chris until i was taken to a concert back in <NUM> . of all the bands that played that night , i have to admit chris really reached me . this cd has a good balance between worshipful songs and ones that rock . chris ' lead guitarist often sounds somewhat similar to u2 's 'the edge ' especially on 'forever ' which really adds a great dimension to the song . i had never fully appreciated worship songs until i heard chris do 'how great is our god ' which gave me a whole new perspective and is very effectively captured on this cd . besides those tunes , the cd becomes a must-buy with the inclusion of a superb energetic version of 'indescribable ' and other popular songs such as 'famous one ' & 'raise up holy hands . ' i had been hoping since that concert that he would release a cd from that tour , and my hope has now been answered ( imagine that ) . 2/06 update : eight of us just saw chris again in saginaw , mi and days later we all agreed that it was one of the best worship experiences of our lives . it 's certainly difficult for a cd to fully match the experience of being there , but with the right perspective , it can get you pretty close . be sure to try and see chris on his current tour w/matt redman & speaker louie giglio
this is one of my favorite movies . it 's so seductive and funny and beautiful all at the same time . now , this is a chick flick . i do n't know if most men would agree with me . if you like artsy films , you will probably enjoy this movie .
this is an excellent cd with the wonderful music of rampal 's flute and laskine 's harp , a perfect and unique match . whereas the cd contains many beautiful works , there are three that are sublime and deserve mention . `` nambu ushioi uta '' a japanese folksong is a unique work as the sad willow melody is pierced by sharp flute interruptions , like an obstinate sparrow continually breaking the silence of melancholy . the piece tip-toes like an elegant silk veil floating on a branch over a night garden . with its broken pacing , the melodies remain sad and reflective , but always interrupted by the pesty bird chirp , like a crocus on a dark mid-winter morning . `` defune '' , a mature echoing ghosty melody builds a sad journey of experience and time . i would listen to this song over and over , allowing it to release any grief that i harbored . there is a lilting passage that builds and allows the harp to mirror or reflect the building lilting passage established by the flute . then the piece moves toward a resolution of quite contemplation . the cd ends with `` sakura sakura '' which rampal and laskine play for all it is worth , starting with a minimal slow paced introduction of the melody which is no sooner established than is rendered with a pastoral interpretation of the classic tune . and as the flute wavers like a songbird , a triump of music begins to build and anchors the central presentation of the work . now having established and adorned this rich tapestry , rampal and laskine begin pulling every golden and silver thread from this whole cloth to integrate minimal repetitions of the central melody finally offered to us in atonal windstorms and durges , retaining its uncanny beauty , made even more beautiful by the lack of perfection , the final sour note . this cd is superb in that it balances the <NUM> tragic pieces i describe above with <NUM> other works of more gaity and light . i predict that this will be one of your favorite cds for years to come
these concerns about this historical account of mao being biased are naive and foolish . all accounts of past and present events and people are biased because that is the nature of how the controlling / ruling elite record what other members of the elite have done or are currently doing . very little of the truth can be widely distributed , otherwise the elite would be ousted before dawn . this reminds me of a quote by bush sr. in <NUM> where he says that if americans ever knew what the bush family had done over the years to america that they would be chased down in the streets and lynched . exactly . thus , most outlets for information ( especially book publishing , and especially books used to teach history ) are censored with a fine tooth comb . in point of fact , historical accounts that are closer to the truth will always come across as bizarre , horrific , and unbelievable to all of us who have been conditioned by our `` education '' . for example , any book on hitler and the nazis that does not delve into the blatant satanism , occultism , `` bull '' homosexuality and fascination with the ancients ( ie . egypt , atlantis , and others ) is way off course , especially in trying to piece together what happened and why . of course , this constant throwing us off course is intentional and very well thought out . also , people like hitler , stalin , mao and others are not `` self-made '' , or randomly evil , or `` in the right place at the right time '' like this book claims , rather they are bred , groomed , trained , and then placed into positions of power in order to achieve specific agendas ( sometimes unknown to even them ) . hard to believe ? there is one place that all of the above mentioned mass murderers can be tied to : the tavistock institute of london . research this yourselves . these monsters are created , and although they may be born of flesh and blood in small towns in china , austria , russia , texas , arkansas , etc. , they quickly become nothing like the rest of us and do not consider themselves patriots of any nation . so , killing us is enjoyable to them , raping and causing us misery is sport to them , and lying about it in the history books is hardly an after-thought . therefore , does this book go over-board with brutal details ? i would think not at all and i am sure there are many stomach retching accounts of depravity that were not told . i have read other accounts of breeding children specifically to sacrifice and then eat ( yes , i am refering to canibalism ) . sometimes , children were / are eaten alive after having been sexually violated and skinned so their terror is at an absolute peak . this was in mao 's regime and many others historically . what is really going on here ? ! just coincidence ? my major critique of this work is not recognizing mao as a well made product by the hidden hands that control this planet . he was no random peasant who cut his own swath through the masses and then appeared on the world stage at just the right time . human history does not unfold that way , regardless of what you may have read .
throne of blood is a masterpiece by one of the world 's greatest film makers at the height of his powers . only kurosawa could take the essence of shakespearian stage drama and incorporate it into the medium of film as a dynamic tour de force . yet at the same time he remains faithful to elements of noh ( a stagy traditional japanese play-form in which design and movement are minimalized ) . a seeming contradiction , dynamism and static-ness yet kurosawa masters both in the same medium . as usual ; acting , writing , cinematography , sound , direction and production are all pitch perfect . in this second shakespearian based film by kurosawa , focus is on the interplay of fate , free will and the fine thread the human psyche uses to weave the two together . on a more simpler level it is a man living and dying by the sword . in short what goes around comes around . what comes around for toshiro mifune as he gets his just deserts is a scene with straight as an arrow , perfect direction by kurosawa leading to quite a pointed culminatin of events ( pun intended ... see the movie you 'll understand ) . bonus features include excellent linear notes as well as the superb commentary of donald richie . few people are more knowledgeable about film and japanese film then he . the commentary is almost as interesting as the movie itself . as usual criterion presents its film in pristine condition . some may complain that criterion is too pricey but with them you get the best cinema has to offer . you can not go wrong . one kurosawa masterpiece packs more poignancy , punch and philosophy then <NUM> lesser films thus you get <NUM> times the movie at <NUM> times the price , really quite a deal if you look at it that way .
it was a good book , but i thought it was a woman for a long time because of the depth of thought . men just do n't think like that , and the author put too much thought process into everything
ivan turgenev 's novel `` fathers and sons '' examines the emerging generation gap that reflects the growing changes in 19th century russian society . when the novel begins middle-aged widower nikolai petrovich kirasnov is waiting for the return of his son arkady . arkady , who has just graduated from university , returns with his close friend the nihilist , medical student bazarov . bazarov is the son of a retired army doctor , and he comes from a humble , yet vital background . while bazarov embodies the ideals of nihilism , arkady 's belief system seems to be a pale reflection of his friend 's . arkady 's foppish effete uncle , pavel , a former army officer , is deeply disturbed by bazarov , and sees bazarov and his belief system as a personal affront . the novel begins in <NUM> -- right before the emancipation of the serfs in <NUM> -- and a significant shift is taking place in russian society . the relatively enlightened kirasnov has freed his serfs , and he 's attempting to adjust to employing people who can produce . the management of his estate , however , is problematic . kirasnov has an illegitimate child with a peasant girl he refuses to marry because of the differences in their social status , and the girl , fenichka and her child live in one of the back rooms of the house . fenichka 's role is a peculiar one -- she 's obviously kirasnov 's mistress , but she 's also a servant within the household . kirasnov and his brother pavel are `` men of the old school '' -- whereas bazarov and to a lesser degree arkady represent the new wave of thought -- nihilism . bazarov `` does not look up to any authorities ... does not accept a single principle on faith , no matter how highly that principle may be esteemed . '' both bazarov and arkady find their nihilist beliefs under assault when they fall in love . bazarov , who believes that the `` study of personalities is a waste of time '' and that `` all people are alike '' finds himself inexplicably falling in love with the elegant , cold , elusive widow anna odintsova . while anna is immensely attracted to bazarov , she can not allow herself to engage in any passionate affair . he threatens her passionless , ordered world , and she threatens his nihilist beliefs . but falling in love is just the first of bazarov 's problems . he also discovers that prolonged exposure to the kirasnov family is a contaminating influence , and he tells arkady , `` that 's what comes of living with feudal lords . you 'll become a feudal lord yourself , before you know it , and take part in knightly tournaments . '' bazarov is a marvelous , strange and unforgettable character , and `` fathers and sons '' -- one of the seminal novels from the period -- is a must for russophiles . as a companion piece , i recommend `` nihilist girl '' by sofya kovalevskaya -- displacedhuma
though , close encounters of the third kind was made thirty years ago , it has a wonderful , fresh , timeless quality that keeps you intrigued and entertained . roy neary ( richard dreyfuss ) , a father and husband , is forever changed upon experiencing a close encounter with beings from another planet , during a blackout , while in his truck , on his way to repair multiple electrical outages in his town . roy is changed , after having this experience , and it totally turns his life on its head in his process to really understand what he encountered in the darkness , that evening . his wife , romie ( teri garr ) and children can not comprehend this sudden change in roy , as he is driven to more and more unusual behavior , as the story progresses . roy encounters gillian guiler ( melinda dillon ) and her son , barry ( cary guffey ) , who also experienced a brush with this supernatural encounter . they are brought together by their experience , and are also divided from those around them who have not witnessed the arrival of the mysterous , night-dwelling spaceships , and the bright lights that announce their arrival . close encounters deals with some very well-executed themes . they include the concept of life , existing on the planets beyond our earth and the possibility that some people really are destined to explore life beyond the constraints of the world that we know . also , richard dreyfuss ' character is representative of the dreamer that exists in all of us , before the world shuts down our feelings of possibility . what 's more , this duel disc collector 's edition of the film includes bonus footage that was left out of the extended version of the film , as well as a documentary that takes a closer look at the special effects and great effots that went into bringing the story to the screen . this is great for true film buffs and anyone for whom close encounters of the third kind was a religious experience . the anecdotes are entertaining and insightful . this is truly a great introduction to the films of steven spielberg . not to be missed .......
i waited a year for this next installment of the series and i started and finished it in under a week , now i cant wait for the next book ! it hits home for my husband , he was stationed in the bremerton area in the navy . a good read
who is best rapper ? ti ? vs lil flip ? yesterday a young hiphop fan asked me who i thought is a better rapper between the two , hmm .. from what i 've heard ti has the flow and the subjects he speaks on its right here everyday in my life , so without any question ti . lil flip has juice wit me but ti raps real talk i was raised in s'port la . now its the dirty south and the youngsters of hiphop today come from every part of the world so its nice to have a choice of ti or lil flip verses whats not hiphop but bares the name . so to all of you old schoolers can let the young ones thought know whats real talk whats real hiphop and whats not . big ups to both artist , benjamin music realfunky productions
this was the first time that i 've seen a korean tv series . i must say that it was an enjoyable experience . even though i did n't even see the show from the beginning i saw enough to want to own the series so that i may enjoy from beginning to end over and over . i love tv shows like this with a beginng middle and end . whether english or korean this is the type of television that families could enjoy together
joseph arthur has been quietly gaining a deservedly fine reputation for his emotionally raw , yet very well crafted songs . breaking away from the realworld label , where he released the excellent 'come to where i 'm from ' and 'redemption 's son ' amongst others , he has added a richer more polished layer to his honest lyrics and affecting music . none of the tracks reached me as immediately as favourites , such as 'in the sun ' , 'september baby ' or the beautiful 'honey and the moon ' but soon enough a few gems appear . 'echo park ' and ' a smile that explodes ' are standout tracks in an album that rewards the listener throughout . his vocals focus on the higher register more than past outings , which is refreshing , but this is as characteristic and interesting as ever . some tracks may be more geared towards an american audience , such as 'leave us alone ' but there is plenty to keep the british listener entertained , too . appearing on lauded soundtracks such as the oc and shrek <NUM> , and supporting rem , his unique style and gravely voice have already won him quite a few fans but this new album should see that growth continue . recommended .
this movie is great fun ! betty grable is absolutely stunning as is carole landis and very good suporting cast as well as great costumes , lovely sets and gorgeous technicolor make this musical a delight . i 've practically worn out my tape and now at last it is being released on dvd as part of the betty grable collection . now let 's see more great fox musicals of the forties released ! ! `` moon over miami '' is a remake of an earlier ( non musical ) called `` three blind mice '' <NUM> staring loretta young , joel mccrea and david niven . it is also enjoyable if you can find it .
this is a no-brainer ... it 's sesame street songs ... every kid loves 'em . nothing bad to say at all ... your kids like big bird ? get 'em this cd
it takes me a long time to finish this book . i just could not stop going back to the previous chapters , reflected on it and amazed by the insight and spiritual depth of nouwen . i read it in bed times , and in the subway . whenever i go into the lines , my spirit was lifted up high , thanking god who let me know myself and him more . the <NUM> movements : from loneliness to solitude ; hostility to hospitality ; illusion to prayer are all essential elements of the answer to the question & quot ; how to live a spirit-filled life in the name of jesus christ & quot ; . each sections are as wonderful and unmissable as the others . this book gave me a brand new dimension of understanding on & quot ; christian 's spiritual life & quot ; , on caring and interacting with others and on the nature of our almighty god . i was so impressed that i spent several nights translating around <NUM> pages in the second part into chinese and read it in my church fellowship . i thank him again and again for leading me to read this
would n't it be interesting if we could see what would happen if we just made that train , missed that flight , or accepted that invitation , etc . some things may happen by chance but are not coincidence . i love this movie and have always referred to it since seeing it when it first came out . after so many years , i felt it should be in my movie library . enjoy
this dvd collection is a must if you are a fan of d & d . it is the perfect additon to add to your 80s video collection to remember your childhood days that are long past
i 've never written a review for anything ( i 'm pretty sure ) . it 's just like : `` whatever '' to me , but i read some guy 's review of keep it like a secret by built to spill ( by the way : could n't recommend that album any more highly . buy it now. ) . i lost my train of thought , but here 's what i 'm getting at : this album changed my life . not even kidding . besides , maybe , giant steps , this is the most important piece of music of all time . of all the time in my life , of course . i do n't know about yours . do me a favor and pick it up now . seriously , i could n't even quantify or qualify the effect this album has on me with words or numbers or any other means of expression beyond this : this album changed my life . seriously , you do n't even get it . god man , i 've been listening to this album since i was in second grade . my all time favorite . buy ruby vroom , too . stay away from el oso . and mike doughty 's solo stuff . i mean , get it if you want . i do n't care . just go read some soul coughing lyrics . just take like , <NUM> minutes out of your day . you 're not even doing anything important right now . are you ? no . http : //scug.net/ , man . thats all . just go there . read some of the words . look at the pictures . seriously , you do n't even get it . i took the liner notes out of the case ( which i lost ) and taped them to my wall . i 'm not even kidding . sigh aklsjdfl ; asjkdfkl ; asdj -wilso
the power of intention is both inspiring and troubling . as an environmental and social activist who lives off of less the 10k per year , i was wondering as i read this book if i was holding in my hands what was once an ancient tree ? our ancient ancestors are being clear cut at an alarming rate in the pacific northwest . most will go extinct in our lifetimes . corporations continue to consolidate their political power in both mainstream parties : democrat and republican alike enact legislation on behalf of corporations that will open what is left of these ancient giants to clear-cutting . stories will be told of these trees on day , perhaps even to our own grandchildren beginning with the words , `` once upon a time there was a great and majestic forest . '' your democratic and republican representatives are now organizing the last buffalo hunt . you can still have your voice be heard on behalf of these ancient trees before it is too late . on page <NUM> of his book mr. dyer makes the following observation , `` practice kindness toward the earth by picking up a piece of litter that 's on your path , or saying a silent prayer of gratitude for the existence of rain , the color of flowers , or even the paper you hold in your hand that was donated by a tree . '' sadly , mr. dyer 's observation is confused . the paper we hold in our hands is produced by multi-national corporations on public lands administered by bureaucrats marching to one tune : politicians who accept large gratuities in the form of moneyed transactions so favorable legislation opens these national treasures to exploitation . this book review is offered as a creative challenge to mr. dyer to connect to the field of intention on behalf of non-sentient life . hopefully , the field of intention extends the same beneficence to the astonishing field of nature , not in a fashion that promotes anthropocentrism and narcissism , but rather amplifies the web of life and its connections to human life so that a win-win situation is advocated rather than diminished . this begs the question : is the book worth the $ 24.95 i paid to read it ? i suppose that if the field of intention can be tapped into for the benefit of our earth mother , my answer is yes ! if , on the other hand , the spiritual principles are used only for generating prosperity for the self alone , then the $ 24.95 would be better spent planting a tree to help offset the expense of mr. dyer 's next best seller .
this book is an essential part of mine and my partners dessert catering company and was recommended to us by our chef & mentor in baking school . it contains highly valuable information on every level of the spectrum regarding the fine art of constructing cakes and like mediums . often used as a reference manual and has never let us down .
jimmie rodgers had a wonderful , reedy tenor . he was a first-rate singer . the surprises here are the lesser known songs that are beauts , for example tlc tender love and care , child of clay ( which reminds me of elvis 's in the ghetto ) , and especially the lush and soulful wonderful you . the last mentioned song is a real treat , absolutely delicious . three songs missing that i would like to have were his versions of just a closer walk with thee , the wreck of john b. and the world i used to know . hope someday jimmie 's a & amp ; m releases will be out on cd too . in the meantime , i recommend this collectio
i am glad best of the best released on dvd . even though it is only the 3rd and 4th of the series . the third one is about tommy lee ( phillip rhee ) fights a group of neo-nazi . best of the best <NUM> , tommy is up against russian mafia who involved in counterfeit . both movies are quite good for this martial arts action genre . you got <NUM> movies for slightly higher price of a single dvd so it is quite a deal . the picture quality is ok ( full screen only ) and no 5.1 dolby digital , just dolby 2.0 which is not too bad either . i wish best of the best <NUM> & amp ; <NUM> will be released soon on dvd . best of the best <NUM> is available on dvd in canada . for those who ca n't wait you can find these put up on auctions by canadians in ebay . i have not received my copy yet so i ca n't comment on the quality of the dvd
i grew up with 'doctor who in the <NUM> 's . tom baker was the first doctor who i saw on tv . i remember watching the show with my mom every night @ 7pm . this series brings back alot of memories ....... the story starts off with the doctor and sarah in a quarry in good ol england ..... they start walking through the quarry , unknown to them , the workers in the quarry just set explosives right where they are walking . the next thing the doctor and sarah notice , is a man on top of a ridge waving st them . but the doctor and sarah think he is wazing at them as in hello or help . the next thing the time travelers know is they are buried in tons of rock , well sarah is anyway , the doctor and some of the workers dig sarah out , she is unconcience and grasping a stone hand .............. 'the hand of fear
look out `` sluts in the city ! `` , the brits have beat you to the punch and did a much better job to boot ! if you want to see some outstanding satire of the loony fringes of society . i can safely recommend this for your consideration . its pricey but worth it
this dvd is great for any a 's fan or just baseball fans in general . this dvd has <NUM> seperate films you can choose from on the main screen that document that year 's world series . these were also made in the year that the series was played . i enjoyed seeing the footage of a 's greats like catfish hunter , reggie jackson , vida blue , terry steinbach , mark mcgwire , dave stewart , and blinkie mcblinkerson ..... errr i mean jose canseco
this the best life altering experience i have ever had . to not buy this would be a severe mistake . buy it , listen to it , change your life forever
i purchased , `` a second treasury of knitting patterns , and is most pleased . the book is thorough and well written . i love how barbra walker 's guides you through some of the more challenging stitches . this book is the definitive on stitches . some people complain about the black and white pictures . it does n't bother me a bit , it allows me the creativity to imagine what my color selections will look like . every knitter should own the book . i am so glad that the book was re-released . thanks to the publishers
first off , consider the packaging . the title songs about f -- king rendered in loving bold , and cover art that puts all `` shock rockers '' ( that means you , marilyn manson ) in their place . that alone makes it worth adding to your collection . too bad this was the band 's last release . leave it to steve to break a band up just as they were attracting an audience . big black is pure nihilism in audio form . a young steve albini ( pre-shellac and before he was reduced to producing bush albums ) backed by a constantly pulsing drum machine named roland and furiously feedback-driven guitar noise while ranting his stories of midwest depravity and illness with an almost infectious glee . this is what happens when kraftwerk goes to hell ( they even cover that german duo 's the model here ) , or when a bunch of angry , drunk , baseball bat-wielding nerds start playing new wave while setting a trailer park on fire . though there have been faster bands , heavier bands , nobody has ever sounded so gritty and hateful as these guys do . ah .. enough hyperbole . so , why only four stars ( actually 4.5 ) ? well , there 's nothing as great as previous albums ' steelworker , bad houses , kerosene , or jordan , minnesota -- songs that are so definitive of big black 's style . however , there are plenty of songs that come awful close : the poppy yet deliciously evil bad penny ( `` i think i f -- ked your girlfriend once , maybe twice , i do n't remember '' ) , the demented almost-surf rock of columbian necktie , the eerie proto-industrial grind of kitty empire , the vicious fish fry , and the lovely free-floating hostility of tiny , king of the jews . also notable is a cover of cheap trick 's he 's a whore that strips away the innuendo and leaves just the grimy sleaze . essential music for the misanthrope in all of us . also recommended highly are fellow touch & go outfits the jesus lizard and albini 's later `` supergroup '' rapeman .
as far as i know , iris johansen has only written a few books in the mystery genre but numerous of the romance variety ( ok , so they may have been hot and steamy , but the mysteries have much better story lines ! ) . in my opinion , all of these mystery tomes are fantastic and i highly recommend each and every one of them ! if i had to pick a favorite one , i 'd be hard pressed , as each are unique and utterly captivating . i finished long after midnight and loved it ! was it better than ugly duckling or face of deception or the killing game or and then you die ? i ca n't make that decision but i can tell you that each one of these kept me intrigued until the very end . in long after midnight , kate denby a doctor of genetic research is an unwilling target for competitors who are willing to kill in order to stop the completion of a drug that will change the world . noah smith , of j and s pharmaceuticals , approached kate to go to work for him and refuses to take no for an answer . the opposition does n't know or care that she 's turned him down . when her ex-husband is killed in a car bombing right in front of her , not so soon after noah 's plant is blasted , she begins to suspect that something is wrong . this begins the story of her run in order to save not only her life , but also that of her young son , joshua . iris johansen throws in a few love entanglements with kate , noah and seth , noah 's best friend . seth has the responsibility of helping to keep them safe while noah and kate try to finish work on ru2 , the wonder drug of the future . this is enough to make a wonderful story , but johansen does n't stop there . she throws into the mix a diabolical creature named ishmaru who enjoys scalping his victims . kate defeats ishmaru once , but he 's on her trail and uses joshua 's safety to play head games with kate . when things seemed to level out to a steady rhythm , johansen hurled an obstacle to create another dimension - a realm i had n't even thought existed . i do n't think you 'll ever really figure out the entire plot and subplots included in this book until the very end . i thought i had everything worked out in my head and then bam - a major zigzag was added that gave even more depth to the tale . iris johansen has a unique style and you will always be thrown off by an unexpected twist in the book ( usually towards the end of it ) . this is what makes her mysteries more enticing than most writers - she 's always trying to keep the reader on his/her toes . this is definitely a `` stop light book '' and you 'll lose sleep trying to finish this one ! an absolute must for your summer reading list ! by the way , if you have n't read my definition of a stop light book , it 's in my review of ugly duckling by this same author .
i actually liked this movie and i do n't understand the bad reviews maybe they were expecting a smarter movie i do n't know . anyways the plot was easy to follow and made some sense and the action was okay . i am not going into the movies detail because i do n't want to ruin the story for somebody . i will recommend this movie to people and most will enjoy it but those crazy people that like perfect movies and complain about every detail will not enjoy it all . rent it then maybe buy it if you like it
this vanilla release concludes the final three episodes of the new series of doctor who . boom town is not a fan favorite , but it does have some funny moments . while bad wolf and the parting of the ways ties the season together , starting by putting the doctor , rose and capt jack harkness in reality programs in the future . the new series looks and sounds great . christopher eccleston makes a great doctor , and billie piper is a surprisingly great fit for his doc . 't is a shame eccly only wanted to do one season
sheryl crow has become one of my favorite artists . several of my favorite songs appear on this album . run , baby run opens the album in good form . leaving las vegas is next . strong enough is probably my favorite song by sheryl ever . i love the acoustic guitar . all i wan na do turned out to be a major hit for her and probably launched the career . i shall believe is another great song . this is a must for any fan of sheryl crows
this book is great and truly small batch baking . a sweet treat delight without tons of left-overs . great for the smaller household .
this book may be the very best diet book on the market . it gives you healthy sources of protein , it teaches you to balance your macronutrients , protein , carbs , and healthy fats . it recommends only the healthiest foods to eat.it works ! ! ! i went from <NUM> pounds to <NUM> pounds with the principles of this book . once you understand how insulin works against you to store fat , and learn the right amount of protein and carbs your body needs to maintain your ideal weight , you can begin your journey to eat in the zone and lose weight.it has been my eating guidelines for almost <NUM> years . it is well worth the trouble to learn to treat food as a drug . buy this book if your are serious about weight loss , it will show you the way
i am a destiny 's child fan but i picked up this cd last because i did n't think its was n't going to be that good . the vocals are awesome , suprising its not just beyonce singing with background singers . beyonce 's voice was n't stellar here whcih gives the cd a different sound . pick it up if you are a dc fan if not you 'll probably still like it . favs are second nature , with me pt1 , both no , no , no 's and show me the wa
this program is simply the best kid 's program i 've ever seen . i really ca n't say a lot that has n't already been said in other reviews , i just wanted to also voice my opinion as to how terrific this program is . - a couple of quick points that make this program so special are ; the instructor , the program itself , and the amount of fun the kids on the program are having , and the amount of fun my children have doing the program . - the instructor has a great time interacting with the kids on the program , and also to the viewers at home . he is funny , but yet professional with his instruction , and really does a good job with the kids . - the program itself is like nothing i 've ever seen before , the movements are a combination of karate techniques ( with a non-violent approach ) , aerobic movements , and basic physical education activities , it 's a very nice blend , and it really flows together well . - and last , but certainly not least , this program is fun to do , and easy enough for all my kids to follow along with . this is terrific program
js has a very pretty if rather small voice . her lyrics are smart and different . songs are catchy . i 'm surprised none of the tracks from pink pearl were hits . she 's a good singer-songwriter who deserves more recognition . check her out
it 's one of those cd 's that makes you bounce and makes the holiday season more enjoyable . boney james is good ... period
the late dr. f.f . bruce was a well respected biblical scholar and his commentaries and books have greatly benefited the church of christ . it is no different than with this work on the book of acts . this book falls in line with the rest of the new international commentary on the new testament edited by gordon fee . the nic is a solid evangelical commentary on the new testament with the differing opinions stated in the works ( see revelation for example ) . dr. bruce has gone to great lengths to point out the differences among evangelicals in acts . the commentary itself is full of greek word studies , historical and geographical points , maps , and solid exegesis of every passage in acts . my only drawback with this work on acts as well as the other works of the nicnt is that they are not laid out in expository outlines . it would be helpful if every section was given an expository outline to help the reader when moving through the sections of the scriptures that the authors are working through . for a better expository outline see the commentaries of john macarthur or john phillips
joe cocker teams up with tulsa native leon russell and a cast of over forty for a concert tour , and what a party ! the live set contains a mix of russell compositions and blues/r & amp ; b/pop/rock standards , all performed with the feral intensity of a man possessed . it 's clear that the magic could n't last in this form , and it did n't , although cocker did go on to make many fine records , and even some great ones , after his jaunt with russell
first of all , i am not a classical critic , and second of all , i have heard a lot of music in my time and this set takes the cake for the best of class . this music of samuel barber preformed by the new choir of oxford college exemplifies the title of this cd , having not purchased the cd and just listening to the sample tracks available , i am sure i have not experienced it all . but , i urge you to buy this cd and to listen to it in it 's fullest extent
nailed his part . excellent movie even if it does n't line up with history a bit .
this book was such a relief because it covered classroom discipline , from the beginning , without talking down to the reader . the chapters are organized so that you can implement the methods right away , in a useful sequence without becoming overwhelmed . you need to read this book if you fear you are a pushover in the classroom . i have used these methods in a multicultural classroom with more than half of my students as non-native english speakers . it really works ! there is a tremendous feeling of respect between everyone in the classroom . i was especially pleased with the effect on one of my students who was severely abused as a child and who grew up very untrusting in foster homes , etc . in september , he was violent with himself and with other children , striking classroom objects or people when he was angry . other teachers are amazed at how much he has changed since the beginning of the school year . i owe so much to the advice in this book
i thought this was a very solid follow up to gorky park . the characters lot in life and situation make since to me . the same strong character building comes through to thus book and that dark , a bit desperate feel is there also . i look the feel of the book , in describing the fishing ship - i can smell it , the description is that good . i also liked the story , i was wondering how he was going to give us a fulfilling murder mystery to solve and he did it . if you liked his last book in this series then you will really like this one
when i was <NUM> this movie was a staple on the then still-blossoming hbo . i think i 've watched it or seen bits and pieces of it like more than thirty times . as a kid there were a lot of things i did n't get , of course , but it was funny to me . now , that was <NUM> . twenty-three years later i saw it on amazon and nostalgia just washed over me . i had to have it . finally , i thought , modern problems and foul play have been released to dvd , two childhood staples ... i watched both movies . modern problems was as i remembered it , mostly . i get all the jokes and situations now that i 'm an adult , of course , but there were some other things i got as well . this is n't the happy-go-lucky chevy chase that we all remember from cassyshack and seems like old times , this is the darker side . modern porblems has its share of ridiculousness , but beneath the surface , this is a pretty dark comedy . when chevy uses his telekinetic powers to make his ex-girlfriend 's date 's nose start bleeding , jesus it is hysterical , but at the same time ... when you have a chance to think about it ... quite grim . there is an underlying 'life sucks ' theme going on here which was where the world was in <NUM> and i think this movie captures that pretty well . is this my favorite chevy chase movie ? no . fletch and vacation and christmas vacation and caddyshack are . there 's been a lot of others , too . is this a classic ? i 'd say , yes . here is <NUM> all rolled up and categorized in a comedy by the reigning star of the time . a little slice of regan-era fatalism . enjoy
all of the antoine doinel films are here in this excellent dvd box set . the films are packaged in their best possible presentation thanks to criterion , and the special features are all one could ask for including truffaut 's first short film . not only a great collection of films ( the <NUM> blows and stolen kisses are among the best ) but one of the best titles in the criterion collection . a must own
i believe that dahnert 's radiology review manual has been recalled by the publisher due to multiple errors within the text
i got this album because it was recommended to me by amazon.com 's computerized recommendations system . being adventurous , i bought it on a whim . i was very pleasantly surprised ! unlike many other popular trance anthems with female vocals , this one is not at all cheesy or monotonous . all of the tracks feature high-quality production and skillful mixing : no amateurish boom-tss filler anywhere on this single . mavie marcos has a gorgeously supple voice ( reminds me of kirsty hawkshaw ) and nice pronunciation ( i know that it 's not politically correct to say this , but it bugs me when the vocalist sounds like a chavette who has gone through accent-reduction training ) . i highly recommend this cd to anyone who has good taste ! even idm snobs will appreciate the intricate layering of sound in these tracks
john huston 's noir-thriller is also a heist movie . when doc ( sam jaffe ) gets out of prison , he has a plan for the big heist . he needs financial backing and a crew to help him . dix ( sterling hayden ) is the muscle , gus ( james whitmore ) the driver , and emmerich ( louis calhern ) is the financial backer . dix is an embittered man whose dream is to buy back the farm his family lost . doc is a cool customer , genial and intellectual , and always has a plan . emmerich has a sick wife at home and a hot blonde ( marilyn monroe ) at his cottage by the river . however , crime does n't pay and each person 's vice is their undoing . this is a fine suspenseful thriller set in gorgeous , highly-contrasted black-and-white . the presence of shadows in each scene and the violent pessimistic script give this film a noir sensibility . well directed and acted , this film also gives a true flavor of the <NUM> 's .
watching honor blackman as cathy gale makes one thing clear : i was born a half-century too late . why ca n't i find a girl like that ? anyway , this set of early avengers episodes is really most valuable ( to me ) because it 's the genesis of the cathy gale years , which is where the avengers begin for me . the episodes are certainly crude compared to later episodes during the emma peel years , but they nonetheless possess their own raw power that the more polished shows somehow lacked . the lack of retakes gives the acting a rough , natural edge that serves the more serious ( by avengers standards ) scripts quite well . for fans of the later , more famous avengers episodes , these early shows can serve as both an embellishment of the avengers ' quirky sense of adventure and a counterpoint to the more whimsical nature of latter years . recommended
i am not a clay-mate ... howver , clay aiken is without-a-doubt the best runner-up from any season of ai . that being said ... i still was n't sure if i would like this cd . and i did n't -- -at first . but then , after hearing it a few more times , i actually grew to like most of the songs . not all of them , which is why i did n't give him <NUM> stars , but it is a very good album . my favorite happens to be the title track . but , there are several more good songs on the cd . whether or not you are into this style of music , you ca n't argue that clay aiken has one of the best male voices around . probably the best male voice of his age . i would recommend this cd to any one who is into adult contemporary . of course , if you are a clay-mate , then i do n't have to tell you anything :
i had this album on my shelf for years ( along with modernday folklore ) and i just broke them out again ; i forgot how good they are . i ca n't stop playing them right now . he really knows how to break it up by picking up the pace and slowing it down . i bought if for `` blue sky '' which was played on the radio at the time but the others are great , too . `` harlem '' is your socially conscious rock tune , but one great piece of music
growing up as a kid in the ny metro area , march of the wooden soldiers was always on wpix channel <NUM> every thanksgiving . it had become a tradition in the family to watch it every year . after being transferred to maryland , i have been unable to find it on any station ( all <NUM> on cable ) . this version has both the colorized and the orignal black & white version on the disc . it is wonderful ! ! worth every penny for the memories and to keep the tradition alive with my children
i have had this videocassette for years and its so worn i 'm so glad to finally get a cd ! jewel 's voice is beautiful and some of the classics like joy to the world and o little town of bethlehem are the best versions i have ever heard . i could have done without the non-traditional songs which do n't quite fit into the holiday arrangement or match the beauty of her voice but its well worth the purchase for gloria , o holy night and ave maria . if you like to sing along , i highly recommend it .
why is it that deserving artistic people are seldom brought to the forefront ? this guy is awesome ! ca n't say enough about him ! french cafe is my favorite ! bought carencro first and was sweep away . marc , stay true to your music and bigger/major doors will open in your season ... your due season
i loved this book as a child . i read it over and over . the pictures were great . sort of scary but that was half the fun
i have been a fan of j.a . jance since i met her in a bookstore browsing through the mystery section . she convinced me to try one of her books , which i did , and loved it . she had also told me that she would soon start a new series - that was many years ago and i 've been enthralled with each new book since the joanna brady series began . these books usually leave you turning pages as fast as you can read , but this one was n't quite that captivating . do n't get me wrong , it was still very good , just not the excellence i 've come to expect from jance 's writing . this is the ninth novel featuring joanna brady , a tough arizona sheriff who enchants her way into the reader 's hearts . in the last novel , devil 's claw we leave joanna as she 's honeymooning with her new husband butch , after having her home destroyed by a maniac . paradise lost picks up shortly thereafter . joanna is once again caught in the struggle to maintain balance between being sheriff , being a new wife , and being a mother to a 12-year-old . while joanna and butch are at a sheriff 's conference across the state , joanna 's daughter , jenny , goes on a girl scout campout . jenny and another girl , dora matthews , sneak off after lights out only to find trouble in a big way . they stumble across a dead body . because the girls were breaking rules , they are sent back to bisbee while the sheriff 's department investigates this murder in apache pass . when dora matthews , turns up dead the next day , joanna is worried about jenny 's safety and the balance between the various hats she wears comes tumbling down around her . added to this second murder , is a third murder - the body of the prime suspect in the first murder turns up . three deaths in a matter of four days are more than bisbee has ever seen and it 's up to joanna to help solve them . the end of paradise lost is predictable and not one of the better suspenseful conclusions that jance has created in the past . j.a . jance has always tied up the loose ends , but this time she leaves one flapping in the gentle arizona breeze . the subplot involving a series of carjackings is never fully developed and leaves much to be desired by the reader . she eludes to this subplot several times , but there is no meat to it and nothing ever comes of it - no tie in to the murders , no interesting side journey , just a passing mention every once in a while . and a low point in this book was joanna 's wavering attitude towards her overbearing mother , eleanor . she finds neutral ground and `` understands '' her mother . i did n't buy it - it was too passe for me . joanna would n't buy into the poor , poor me bit , the martyrdom , that her mother is excellent at portraying . but this time she does and it is very anti-climatic - i wanted a good , old fashioned tongue lashing that we 've come to expect when these two clash . the one thing that is decided in this book is joanna brady will run for reelection as cochise county sheriff . i 'm sure the next book in this series will encompass the campaigning and how it affects butch and jenny . it should be interesting .
in the society of the muslim brothers , richard p. mitchell addresses the ideology of the organization . he takes the reader from the birth of the movement that would eventually challenge the egyptian government to it 's greatest and worst moments . he writes with an amazingly objective style , neither apologizing for the members who committed crimes , nor minimalizing the excellent social welfare contributions of hassan al-banna , the leader . of particular interest in this discussion of dualities is the point made about the dual legal systems . al-banna felt that the western laws `` corrupted and perverted the nation 's thought , mind and logic . '' mitchell 's point on this seems to hold vivid clarity in the idea that manmade laws and shari ' a are innately incompatible . the inharmonious combination of this dual legal system `` served to shatter the ` unity ' of the nation . '' mitchell 's writing really catches the essence of a group of people struggling to come to terms with a rapidly changing society in flux in a rapidly changing world . his book was translated into arabic and arab scholars agree that his portrayal of this politically powerful religious movement is academically sound
wow is right ! this book will keep you on your toes the whole ride through ! i first thought this book was going to be boring but i was wrong ! this book is exciting and will keep you waiting for more . i think you should read this book . will peter and the defense club get all the gold to the cleeng peerson ? this book is full of questions . the book is set in riswyk , a city in norway . read this book ! trust me , you wo n't want it to end
an unhappily married and mistreated preacher 's wife lets us in on the sad and lonely existence of a pastor 's wife . king did a good job of showing how pastors ' wives are expected to please and perform at inhuman levels . i was n't happy with the ending ( dean 's tawrdriness seemed out of character ) ; i wish she could have left on her own terms , rather than being basically run out of town . her behavior lessened the reader 's pleasure in seeing pious , ambitious , ben 's probable career nomination nix . augusta 's manic personality was enjoyable and needed for the story ; sometimes it takes a `` big '' personality to help us break old habits and get out of ruts and she did that for dean . a good read , just wish dean could have finally told ben and the church what she really thought of them , left town , and then figured out her relationship with maddox ... in an above-board kind of way . dean deserved to leave that snake pit with her head held high , not running with her tail between her legs
somew movies just have 'values ' and the original the four feathers is one of them . feathers is set in england and the sudan about ten years after the mahdi killed general gordon . in fact , seeing charlton heston in khartoum would be a good lead-in to <NUM> feathers.the plot revolves around four friends , all young officers in the same regiment and all heirs to an aristocratic military tradition heavy on the memory of the crimean war ( see the original `` charge of the light brigade '' film ) . three men boldly go to the sudan with general kitchener 's expedition . one chickens out and resigns his commission , losing the woman he loves in the process . to redeem himself , he goes to the sudan on his own and must help his former comrades . the story is well-explained , well-paced and has great values of timing , editing , and direction . the technicolor and the score are both excellent . <NUM> feathers is a cut above other british productions of the period in terms of technical quality ! feathers also exemplifies the best values of the victorian uk upper class -- belief in country , honor , loyalty , heroism , and sacrifice . the remake is a pathetic immitation of this original , which did not need a remake , now or ever ! a must-see and a great addition to any dvd collection
come on , if you are looking to get this , do it .... it is star wars after all ! ! everyone either loves it or hates it . no in between , if you like star wars then add this to your collection , if you do not like star wars , go away - look for something else -- -- -- you will not fit in here
the fast spontaneous furious speed of this 1st album from the seminal improvisational band is nothing less than a spectacular experience far ahead of it 's time . the dead were fine musicians , always respected and paid homage to their influences by developing a unique hybrid of traditional blues and country , folk , jug and rock and roll within in a jazz setting . creating a new form emulated by so many of their contemporaries within rock may not have been their intention , but that is a defining element of their historical importance . the sense of immediacy and existential now is keenly felt here . even the few tracks clocked in at <NUM> minutes or higher have a primal energy to it and is danceable .. the beauty of this album is that it totally debunks the notion that the dead were a jam band only and were not capable of laying down great songs in time spans under <NUM> minutes.they knew how to have a good time .. this cd features so many in concert staples later stretched out into what became dead head music listening to it again with the extra tracks and hdcd is very refreshing . the homage paid to their wide musical roots and upping it by creating dynamic interesting music interplaying in <NUM> double guitars and later a dual drum attack into some unique synthesis that is both old and new was and is a rare accomplishment .
this film is a very good one .. it has mystery , horror , style good acting . the crows annoyed me to bits but that was part and parcel of what made the film so creapy . the camera work is second to none and i believe is ahead of it 's time ; how they found the killer is beyond me but even that was a good stroke . the lead actress was a bit over the top with the noise she made and she to me failed to cut it as the opera singer type and she looked stilted while performng the opera scenes but she was nice in her role . filled with twists and turns it 's ending rivals any i 've seen for drama . this is highly recommended by me .. highly . the score is just awesome
it seems that many want to place kim richey in a box and she just does n't seem to fit in one . like shawn colvin , she is someone who just has her own category . this is actually my favorite of all the kim richey i own , followed by `` bitter sweet '' and `` rise '' . my favorite song on `` glimmer '' is `` did n't i '' and the title song is great as well . give this one a try and enjoy .
this is a fantastic dvd . i am new to qi gong and this dvd was very easy for me to follow . i have arthritis in my upper and lower spine , neck and both hips . i was able to follow everything and my entire body had no pain during the dvd and for four hours after i was finished . the day after i first did qi gong with this detox dvd . my body got rid of many toxins , both physical and mental . a must have in your collection
it was great , pure and simple just great . good triller , good surprises and great acting . the entire cast was wonderful .
the title says it all ! ! ! i can not stop watching this dvd . i think the music is phenomenal . i only wish it were longer , and every playoff game becomes available at some point .
`` do n't play in the sun '' by marita golden * * * <NUM> stars this is a very disturbing subject , especially if you are lightskinned like me . luckily , marita golden handles it with a lot of tenderness and care for others . i liked marita golden 's book more than the color complex , because her life story gave it a specially intimate dimension . i would recommend this along with anything by kola boof , an ethiopian author who has really been bringing this subject up in ways that literally stop the blood in your veins . her novel `` flesh and the devil '' breaks this issue down but it 's not for the squeamish . she 's like hardcore compared to marita golden and most authors i 've read . i 'm going to read `` the bluest eye '' next . `` do n't play in the sun '' is a new classic . people will be reading this for years .
joan rivers is an american original and this cd captures her at her peak . clever , brilliant , brash , outrageous , controversial , joan was ahead of her time but stays timelessly hilarious on this cd . if you like joan , you absolutely must get this - i am so grateful to have found it on amazon.com ! i originally heard this & quot ; album & quot ; when it came out in the early '80s and have loved it ever since . joan rules !
this is a good cd . but it is missing something ( s ) treat me right and crimson and clover . pat did a good job on both of these songs .
not only was this de la soul 's debut , it 's also a landmark , classic album .... de la carved out their own unique path in music and created a gem of an album on <NUM> feet high and rising .... they presented an almost alternative form of hip hop ... one where it was cool to let loose and poke fun at yourself instead of bragging how dope you are .... as a result , they were unfairly labled `` hippie 's '' .... the music on here is top notch ... prince paul , the groups main producer for their first <NUM> albums , delivers the goods at a time when sampling laws were much , much more relaxed .... they do an amazing job of sampling steely dan on `` eye know '' .... some of my other favorites include 'potholes in my lawn , me , myself and i , and the funky collab w/ the native tongue crew ( a tribe called quest ( actually just q-tip ) , and the jungle brothers ) `` buddy '' .... i highly recommend this album for anyone ...
karen black ( burnt offerings ) burned herself into my memory w/ this <NUM> tv anthology ! for <NUM> years i remembered the zuni fetish doll in the amelia segment , unable to recall much about the first two stories . well , i just watched tot again tonight , and i liked all three tales . while amelia is still my favorite , i found both julie and millicent and therese to be creepy and fun . karen black is a chameleon , changing from stuffy college professor- to evil murderess- to prim and proper prude to seductress , then terrified victim , and finally into savage huntress , all in under <NUM> minutes ! dan curtis ( night stalker , night strangler ) allows ms. black to show off her talent for making the strangest material seem believable , while letting her carry the whole thing almost single-handed ! this is one of those rare tv horror masterpieces that the 70s churned out . like duel , night stalker , the dead do n't die , etc. , trilogy of terror made it 's mark . i 'm glad to see it back on dvd ...
i first bought this album in the early 80s and i played it to death . i 've been very dissappointed with later ub40 albums . to my mind this album is how ub40 should sound . i still experience a thrill every time i hear the beginning to `` present arms '' . `` sardonicus '' just cooks , great intro and just it bubbles alongs . at a matter of fact , all the songs ( with the exception of love is all is alright & do n't slow down , which is are bit limp ) on this album are very good . if you like trippy sounding ska with a slight dub flavour , i 'm confident that you will like this album
with stanley road paul weller has managed to prove to his fans and his critics that he is still an important musician even in his solo days . he has n't written <NUM> good songs , instead , he 's written one great album . a factor in any great album is the overall feel that perpetuates each song , making them all feel as though they deserve their place and complimenting the songs that come before and after them . a mostly guitar driven album , weller fuses good solos and riffs with his usual effective lyrics , often ending a song with a long instrumental that gently ushers in the next song , which gladly and competently carries the album along . however , there is the occasional song that primarily uses the piano evoking another great feel . though these songs are quite different from the guitar based ones , they seem to come at just the right points in the album so that , not only are they a nice change of direction , but also they effortlessly fit in . stand-out songs are 'you do something to me ' , 'broken stones ' , 'the changing man ' , ' i walk on gilded splinters ' and of course the title track . to truly appreciate this fine album start at the beginning and just let it play on to the end . it far outweighs the sum of its parts , and as these parts are so good , you 're in for a great journey .
too often , hollywood directors seem to forget that cinematic success comes in the form of great characters . doc hollywood , though , is one of those films that proves the rule . this movie is chock full of great characters , even in some of the smallest of roles - and it 's not just the people , for the small town in which the story takes place is quite a character unto itself . the town of grady is sort of an updated version of mayberry - idyllic , of course , but nonetheless charming and evocative . it 's the kind of place you can only find in the south . of course , dr. ben stone ( michael j . fox ) has blinders on when he first arrives . having just left the hustle and bustle ( and blood ) of a large d.c. hospital , he 's on his way to la la land in hopes of snagging a cushy job in the lucrative practice of cosmetic surgery . on his cross-country drive , he gets as far as south carolina before fate steps in , leaving stone temporarily stuck in the small town of grady with a banged-up sports car and a judge 's sentence of thirty-two hours of community medical service . grady is in great need of a new doctor to replace the aging dr. hogue ( barnard hughes ) , and everyone in town ( well , almost everyone ) - from the mayor ( david ogden stiers ) to the official welcoming committee of ladies and on down to the local farmers - makes no bones about their hopes of enticing him to stay . even the glory of the annual squash festival ca n't do much to equal the scales , though , as california promises fortune and excitement , while a practice in grady promises only a barely decent salary and quiet , country living . predictably , though , stone finds love - or at least the prospect for love - with the local ambulance driver . he and lou ( julie warner ) , a single mother and aspiring law student , engage in a lot of mutual flirtation , but she quickly becomes something much more than a mere conquest for stone , which makes his decision whether to stay in grady or snatch the gold ring in california much more difficult than he ever would have thought . with the help of a fantastic cast , grady quickly begins to feel a lot like home for the viewer . with just a little interaction here and there , you really come to know a vast number of people - the mayor , the local mechanic , the judge , old doc hogue , the implacable nurse packer , the illiterate family who depends on the doc to read them the family letters they receive , and the list just goes on . two of the faces are particularly recognizable : woody harrelson plays lou 's would-be suitor , and bridget fonda ( whom i have long adored , despite the fact that she 's a fonda ) plays the mayor 's daughter , a young lady who longs for the bright lights of a big city . david ogden stiers , i have to say , is just wonderful as the mayor ; he 's the exact antithesis of the bostonian intellectual he played for so many years on m * a * s * h. i ca n't say that all of these actors and actresses sounded all that southern , but it 's not their fault that they were n't lucky enough to be born here in the south . you might be thinking this sounds like just another story about a city slicker won over by the charms of small-town living . doc hollywood could easily have been just another boring version of an old story , but this film has a special quality that turns it into so much more than a predictable comedy . thanks to nuanced directing , rich storytelling , and wonderful acting , more than a few of these characters have a remarkable depth that you pick up on very quickly . grady is n't just a town ; it 's a way of life , with a genuineness you do n't often find in any kind of film . stone 's ultimate decision does not come down to anything as simple as romance vs. money . certainly , his feelings for lou are deep and genuine , but the town of grady and all of her citizens sing a siren song of love that stone hears , as well . as for that ending , it does n't play out exactly in the manner you might expect , and that 's just one more reason to love this wonderful movie
part of me wishes that frank black had condensed this <NUM> disc album into <NUM> really great album , but it 's still , on the whole , a really great cd . you 'll fall in love with these songs
pros : development of setting , characters , and interweaving stories . cons : some might find the degree of detail too heavy and slowing . i usually start by describing some of the plot , but the story-lines are only about a third of this book 's considerable charm . so . . . the setting : this is an alternate history tale , as far as the setting goes . it takes place on earth , and more preciously in ( what is left of ) england . but , this earth had no ice age , it was struck by an object ( popularly believed to have been a meteor ) that caused the sundering ( the seas rose , the land was mostly submerged , cultures lost touch with one another , the climate changed drastically ) , and humans live side-by-side with mastodons , mammoths , glyptodonts , and other creatures that did not perish ( because there was no ice age ) . the result is an isolated england , that retains much of its past , but has culturally evolved away from what it is ( to us ) . the characters : i am not sure that i have ever read another book that is populated by this many quirky , interesting , amusing , well-developed characters . these are very realistic people , living in a surreal time . even their names are colorful , quirky , and interesting : dr. pinches , mrs. matchless , mr. threadneedle , tim christmas . the characters and the writing speak strongly of a dickensian influence , but is definitely also just plain jeffrey barlough 's . the plots : yes , i did say `` plots '' in the plural . there are three , distinct story-lines , that share some characters and the same setting and time period . the woes of ms. jane wastefield is what i would entitle one story-line , wherein a beautiful young woman receives a birthday present that terrifies her father to death and then haunts her every waking moment . how can she be rid of the fiendish thing ? ! who can help her ? everyone wants to , but no one seems to know how . will she succumb ? would defeat be as terrible as she fears ? and what about her pet monkey ? the wizarding notions would be a good title for the story-line about mr. threadneedle , his apprentice tim christmas , and whatever they are tinkering with out in the coach-house . can they make it work ? will everyone be shocked ? will anyone believe them , without seeing the finished product ? will mr. threadneedle find some peace and enjoyment , if he succeeds ? the secret of the will is what bothers another set of characters . when rich old joseph cargo died , he left most of his estate to his favorite nephew , but who is jerry squailes , and why does he get one-fourth of the money ? no one knows , and young frederick cargo , spurred on by his shrewish wife and aided by their elderly , honest attorney , mr. liffey , go on a mission to uncover the truth . will they like the truth , when and if they find it ? will that thing kill any of them before they do solve the mystery of jerry squailes , the unknown heir ? my take : this book is some of the best escapist reading i have ever found . the world described is so different ( but not ) and so replete with interesting characters , that it becomes a great place to retreat to . the writing is very detailed , with tremendous development of setting , characters , and the interweaving stories . it is truly a fascinating journey to take , and the ending ( s ) is not how hollywood or fairy tales would do it , with a panoply of happily-ever-after . however , it is also not depressing . this tale is just plain well done . the bottom line this is a very memorable experience that takes you to a different place and tells you an interesting tale about amusing characters . recommended : yes
witch is a riveting read about a woman who undoubtedly killed at least two people - her mother and her former husband . she was never charged in the death of her ex , and she skated several years until the stench from a storage shed where she stashed the body of her mother put authorities on her trail . puit does a nice job of tracing the steps of brookey lee west , a tech writer/marble reader ( she claims she can read the future using marbles ) /daughter of a satan worshipper . witch was a quick read - i usually take my time with books , but this tale was compelling enough that i hardly put it down . it is somewhat gorey in spots , but well worth reading if true crime is your thing
this is a great `` feel good '' movie , but hollywood altered the story for theatricality . in the film , a group of students who are having difficulties with simple fractions are brought up , in one year , to become calculus winners . there is a good backgroud article at : http : //reason.com/0207/fe.jj.stand.shtml that describes how the process took ten years , so that the original group of future-burger-flipping students were not the ones who passed the ap calculus exam . jaime escalante ( played by edward james olmos of `` miami vice '' fame ) actually built up the system of excellence one grade at a time , reaching back to the junior high school that fed garfield high . the way that the movie was done , however , allows the viewers to see some of the decision-making processes that the students went through in understanding that they could achieve and did have a chance in life to be more than others around them , especially their parents . remarkably , at one point there were as many as <NUM> students enrolled in math enrichment classes under escalante 's leadership . that 's <NUM> fewer future employees for kfc and macdonald 's . ( as escalante said in one of his taunts to a reluctant student , `` so tough guys do n't do math - tough guys deep fry chicken for a living ? '' ) eventually , it appears that the education establishment won out , driving the brilliant teacher out , and sending the kids back to a guaranteed failed future . the idea is great , that no student should be regarded as hopeless , and that all should be encouraged to try , but obviously there is a lot more work involved in that goal than this movie shows .
i remember that i had the lifetime on cassette <NUM> years ago and never grew tired of it . i have always been a big holdsworth fan and he really shines on this stuff . the second half of the cd i had not heard before and was disapointed that it had taken me so long to discover these tracks . fantastic stuff a must if you are a fan of either tony williams or alan holdswort
`` ocean 's eleven '' is one of those few movie soundtracks worth having . the disc features an eclectic blend of music with the unifying theme of hipness . the cd is as cool as the movie . the hit is of course ' a little less conversation ' which became the theme song to the nbc show `` las vegas . '' the exposure eventually dethroned 'viva las vegas ' as the city 's choice elvis tune . very few soundtracks have made such an impact . under the general umbrella of jazz , the disc features lounge , acid jazz , big band and even orchestral music . it has a choice blend of swaggering vintage sounds and sophisticated modern music . at the same time , the album finds balance between time tested classics and original music created for the ocean 's eleven project . the disc will have high appeal to instrumental enthusiasts . while the soundtrack would be stronger without some of the film 's dialogue , such a product would n't be difficult to create in the day and age of cd-r burners . `` ocean 's eleven '' is a hip journey worth taking .
this is a terrific period piece . characters are well developed , cinematography is great , and story is fine . well worth the price
of the two versions i saw , i preferred the german version with english subtitles . garbo 's performance as well as that of the supporting cast was more inspired . i will keep looking for that version before i buy
first off , to all the people who wrote in and said the dvd is not good what did you expect ? the holy grail in the form of a dvd ? this is one of the best performances i 've seen & heard . granted jonas does not look terribly happy to be there , but he sounded great . while i , too , got all the studio albums the day they came out i had to get this collection ( mainly for the dvd ... which does not dissapoint ) but also for the unreleased songs ... nothing about this set let me down ( although i would like to have seen an interview or video on the dvd ) . for any fan of katatonia-do n't miss out . a lot of it is redundant , but the rest is fantastic
i owe my latest payday to jack chapman 's negotiating strategies . my newest employer aimed pretty low for their first offer , lower than what i had made at my last job , considering all of the skills and experience i was bringing to the table . but by applying some of the techniques in the book , i was able to get <NUM> % more money . i 've never negotiated my salary before : i was just glad someone thought enough of my skills to make me an offer . now , i know better
ever wonder why so many innovative products never have the commercial success that the innovation deserves ? & quot ; inside the tornado & quot ; is an invaluable resource for high tech marketing . the basic philosophy behind the book is for high tech marketers to master the use product niches and specialization in order to transcend high tech products forward to mass-market acceptance by dissecting the product adoption lifecycle . a great read for marketers and techies interested in marketing their own innovations
yes , i am an adam sandler fan , but i 'm not obsessed about him as some of his other fans are . i appreciate his humor , do n't ask me why but i find him funny . most critics batter him for childish antics , bathroom humor , violent slapstick , and immaturity . true , he can childish and immature in his humor , but he is just lovable enough to get away with it . anyway , the people i know like to laugh at the one-liners and antics of billy madison , happy gilmore , and the waterboy . but not a lot people talk about big daddy as much , and that 's too bad . meet sonny ( sandler ) , a 32-year-old law school grad on the fast track to nowhere : rather than take a high-paying job in a high-powered new york city firm , sonny works one night a week in a tollbooth and hangs out with the deli delivery guy ( rob schneider ) . now meet julian ( cole and dylan sprouse ) , a cute five-year-old who appears on sonny 's doorstep with a note from his mom claiming he 's the illegitimate son of sonny 's best law-school buddy kevin ( jon stewart ) , who 's just left for china . no problem , thinks sonny : a son will get his life on track and help him win back his wayward girlfriend ( kristy swanson ) . but when a compromising situation arises and sonny 's girlfriend dumps him , sonny gets desperate and has social services look for a family that can take julian . instead of letting julian end up in an orphanage he volenteers to look after him , giving the kid options instead of orders , letting him dress however he likes , bathe when he wants and eat what he likes , but soon he realizes that he needs to set boundries for the kid in order for him to excell school . sonny starts to bond with the kid . but after ignoring calls from social services , sonny is taken to court for fraudulently hold julian under his biological father 's name . i think this is one of sandler 's best , not only because he 's downplaying his humor impulse to stutter like bobby boucher , get violent like happy gilmore , or act childish like billy madison . but because he seems to have matured a bit as an actor and as a person . his humor is dry , but funny . rob schnider is hilarious as nazo the delivery guy , and steve buscemi is uproarious as the homeless guy . adam has really come a far way since billy madison , he 's a hell of a lot more calmer , and a little bit more likable to the non-sandler-fan community . yes there is some bodily humor here , but it 's marginal and it does n't come from adam , which is good because it would n't wear well on a man in his mid-30s as it would on a little kid . all in all , if you 're not a sandler-fan , you 're better off not watching his earlier stuff first , because he can get carried away with the childish humor , so start off slow and watch big daddy , the wedding singer , or <NUM> first dates .
wild wheels introduced the world to the concept of the artcar . the last fronteer of free expression in the arts in america . in the artcar world anyone can join in and all will be admired and accepted . take a look at the examples of artcar and art vehicle and you will find the possibilities are endless . the joy that artcars bring to the world is unbelievable . once you have this one then find harrod 's other fine film driving the dream also sold here . these are great films to use when planning an artcar event . you can show them to develop inspiration and support . once you have seen them you can find more about artcars by visiting the artcar epicenter or search for hutman artcars . get this video today and experience a whole new world of creativity . you need not be an artist everyone is welcome ! conrad bladey artcar artist hutman production
the art of knitting was great for a beginner knitter like myself . a few minutes after popping in the dvd i was on my way to knitting my first hat . the knitting library was great for help w/ terms and abbreviations and the jazz selection to knit by was wonderful . this dvd is a great introduction to the world of knitting and has a ton of exciting projects for beginner and advanced knitters alike . if you feel overwhelmed when looking at knit book instructions and illustrations then i would highly reccmmend this dvd because the knitting lessons with jennifer makes you feel like you have your very own personal instructor . there 's so much on this dvd you just have to see it for yourself , i know you 'll love it too ! i can easily see why this is the # <NUM> knitting dvd on the market . go and buy it
i bought this album when i was <NUM> . i 'm now <NUM> and i still have n't recovered ! this album , as said before , represents the indie punk ideal only feinted at by nirvana , sonic youth etc . steve albini and co assault you here with a white-hot mind-melting onslaught of musical savagery , from the beserk guitar-driven colombian necktie through the nosebleed-inducing pavement saw to the juddering , sinister colossus of tiny , king of the jews . sheer uncompromising overbuilt punk , this represents big black at their zenith . with bands like this in the world there 's no excuse for mediocrity
the first jurassic park was the best , but i still like some things about jurassic park iii better . the effects in <NUM> were improved , and being the public is used to seeing computer generated graphics in many movies since the first jurassic park <NUM> , many cg movies have followed . titanic to come to mind , gladiator <NUM> , godzilla <NUM> , and many other computer graphic movies after <NUM> . jurassic park iii had to convince the public even more that the dinosaurs in pt.3 were real . special effects expert stan winston and crew do an excellent job in doing that in pt.3 . the raptors look more authentic than in any of the first two jurassic movies . keep in mind that the dinosaurs in pt.3 and just like in the first two movies they were created with the aid of paleontologists , jurassic park dinosaurs with the help and knowledge of these paleontologists advised stan winston on the dinosaurs anatomic motions and even their growls and grunts , through their research and studies on dinosaur behavior . the special features on this dvd explain some of what i am discussing in this review . the thing i like about pt.3 is that it is a shorter movie than the first two . <NUM> to <NUM> min . shorter . the action is faster you get right into the movie . when you see sam niel blow into that replica raptor throat passage , what your really seeing is what paleontologists have done with molds taken from dinosaur skeletons mainly the head and throat . paleontologists have blown air into the molded cast and have produced what could have been dinosaur sounds produced many millions of years before the time of humans , incredible ! i am sure i am boring you with all this but i am trying to make you see the research that went into the special eefects of not only jurassic park iii , but in the first two . i enjoyed pt.3 immensly , shorter cut right to the action of the movie . this movie may have not been the best out of the three but it is better than pt ii . sam niel really played a believable paleontologists . amazing , this movie a third installment of the jurassic park franchise still made over $ 300.000.000 . i know the title jurassic park pt iii . and the special effects drew the people to this movie to make the over $ 300,000,000 it made at the box office , or maybe most people have a hidden fasination with seeing these dinosaurs come to life on the screen , because there really is nothing like these creatures alive today . jurassic park or not , dinosaurs are one of the most amazing success stories in the history of the earth they existed for about 160,000,000 to 180,000,000 years , modern humans only about 2,000,000 years so far . enjoy jurrasic park pt.3 for its researched special effects and fast paced action , no it will never be citizen kane but it will certainly entertain the whole family from the realists to the simple minded . remember alot of research went into jurassic park pt.iii , dont grade it for an oscar , grade it for the scientific research that went into it and the action and the fun . enough already enjoy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
blah blah blah - just go buy it
the interweaving of blues into bach is incredible . what is most gratifying is that bach is very much present in this very smooth cd . highly recommend
loretta lynn rocks . awesome cd . `` portland oregon '' is one of the best songs i have heard in a long , long , time . no one says `` oregon '' like loretta . rock on , loretta
great , cd i love it , kelly and lee ryan could make a great duet , this is one of my best cd 's , it 's awsome , i love all the song , great job kell
stuart gordons `` dagon '' is a unique horror gem that belongs in every true horror fans collection ! while not as well known as re-animator this film adaptation of another h.p.lovecraft nightmare is one of the very best out there . this one is truly what nightmares are made of & i for one enjoyed the hell out of it . excellent horror film !
when our adult children were small they loved this film . now we have an eight year old who is extremely physically handicapped but is mentally alert . he absolutely loves this film . when i hold it up to see if he wants to watch it and he gets the biggest smile . it is a film that children never get tired of and we adults love it too . i had actually forgotten about this movie until i ran across it one day and i immediately ordered it . i am so glad it finally came out on dvd .
even almost <NUM> years on this is still one of the greatest recordings ever . musically it has stood the test of time and represents some of the strongest songs bryan ever wrote and recorded . stylistically `` boys and girls '' picks right up where roxy music 's `` avalon '' left off with lush cinematic paeans to the pursuit of love . rhett davies production is sumptuous , warm and oh-so-well suited to bryan 's voice . nothing here rocks too hard and yet it 's still nice mid-tempo jazz inflected numbers with enough beat to pulsate to but yet overall calm subdued and restrained . a good friend of mine jokingly called this the granddaddy of chill out records and they 're not far from it . perfect for coming down from a night of partying or as i call it the `` ultimate make out record '' . and try not to sing along ... i dare you ! there is literally not a dud track in the lot and the music washes over you like waves in the ocean , starting with `` sensation '' and carrying on through . it 's hard to pick personal favorites as they 're all so strong , but `` do n't stop the dance '' is a killer track , especially when bryan coos about `` footsteps in the dark , come together '' . in my humble opinion bryan ferry hands down has one of the sexiest voices ever and this is probably his sexiest recording . `` boys and girls '' is the equivalent of slipping into something more comfortable , taking the phone off the hook , pouring a nice glass of wine , kicking back and doing something you really enjoy
simply stated , the most important film of the <NUM> 's ; probably of the last twenty years . the film is in its entirety a meditative experience , combining a slow and calm build-up of chi or prana-force-energy with explosive violence . beat takeshi 's violence , however , is not gratuitous , but righteous anger in action . as a schizoid world falls down around him , takeshi takes the role of samurai -- indeed , `` such a man was already samurai . '' this is a film of mystery , of soft color and light ocean breezes from the south china sea , and of poetry . if the warrior immortalized in book of five rings or gitopanishad has an equivalent in modern times , surely it would be in this strange character , this japanese-style colonel kurtz in hana-bi . but then , you must watch this film for yourself . you will not be the same person when it is over
this is the hollywood biography of ` buddy holly ' , charles hardin holley of lubbock texas . the film opens on a roller skating rink in <NUM> . the band played `` rockabilly '' instead of the usual `` country and western '' music , reflecting the changing tastes . then buddy played `` that 'll be the day '' ( based on a character in the film `` the searchers '' ) . some complain . there is a funny scene where a minister denounces this music - in <NUM> . [ bill haley and his comets had a national hit in <NUM> , then came elvis in <NUM> . ] the radio station owner had to listen to his sponsors ; certain sample records could not be played . a talent scout invited them to audition in nashville . buddy had arranged his music for a 3-man band , minimizing costs . but this seems novel , and his band did not meet the company 's needs . new york is looking for `` new sounds '' that will attract customers . buddy holly 's `` crickets '' have that sound . a station in buffalo ny played their record continuously . teenagers bought his records for his new sound , a high-energy music that reflected 1950s america . buddy holly wanted to be the producer in charge , a change from the usual business practices . [ there seems to be some kind of joke about the racial identity of this group , not true at the time . ] chuck berry , little richard , and fats domino appealed to white audiences , a symbol of changing times . but legal actions put an end to some careers , and elvis was drafted . but the toothpaste was out of the tube and nothing was the same afterwards . the film shows the overdubbing to create an echo effect , first pioneered by les paul for vocals [ to recreate this for live audiences , another hidden singer was used . ] buddy said goodbye to peggy sue and hello to maria elena . it shows the crickets at an alan freed `` rock and roll '' show in brooklyn . eddie cochrane covered a song by jerry lee lewis . [ eddie cochrane died young in a <NUM> car crash . ] but jesse and ray bob long to return to their home in lubbock , even if they might miss the ed sullivan show . buddy convinces them to stay and perform . after they leave , buddy keeps his word and lets them keep the `` crickets '' name . the manager explains the need to personally tour to sell records . a personal appearance sells more records , customers buy them like souvenirs . it would be a five week winter tour of the mid-west . so the business needs win out . the ending has the show in clear lake iowa . disk jockey j.p. richardson talks his famous `` chantilly lace '' . buddy sings to an adoring audience . his `` true love ways '' used violins and other instruments . buddy 's sudden death in february <NUM> shocked teen-age america . some admirers in england used an insect name for their group , but their talents were greater still . if buddy had lived , he could be singing today in branson or las vegas . would he have moved on in the late 1960s , like the beatles ? or died prematurely by misadventure like elvis ? `` of all the words of tongue and pen , the saddest are these : it might have been . ''
i bought all of these <NUM> dvds separately because i did not know that they came as a set , at a better price ! i paid about $ <NUM> each , about $ <NUM> total , and i do not regret owning them all , but i would have jumped on this set if i had known about it ! most of these dvds are very interesting and faithful to scripture . samson & delilah is the weakest of these <NUM> dvds , as it spends too much time on non-scriptural characters . abraham covers many scenes of the <NUM> year wandering rarely seen on dvd . jacob is pretty close to scripture . joseph is great , but it spends a bit too much time rewriting the narration to allow for ben kingsley 's potiphar role to expand . i have not yet watched david , but i look forward to leonard nimoy 's appearance in the film . most of these films are <NUM> hours long , presumably they were mostly all short mini-series when they originally ran on tv . i think only jacob is about <NUM> minutes , of the <NUM> dvds in this set . you can read about each dvd as they are all sold separately on amazon.com . all of these <NUM> dvds have major tv network , made-for-tv quality , and i am quite surprised and pleased that these movies are so good . i do not know of any better series of bible stories on dvd . there is another box set available , the bible series box set , which has <NUM> other dvds of this series of movies . jeremiah is my favorite of all <NUM> movies . esther is great , and perhaps the most faithful to scriptural accuracy and chronology of all <NUM> movies . solomon is the only <NUM> hour dvd in this smaller box set . there is a genesis in this box set , but it is not a dramatized movie , just a narration of the book of genesis , while modern day nomads are shown going about their daily routine . genesis is a disappointment and very unlike the other <NUM> movies , so much so that it does n't even seem to be part of the same production series . bottom line : i highly recommend that anybody buy both of these box sets , and they will save about <NUM> % over buying each dvd separately ! praise the lord
the acting is superb and the dedication to recreating the era is phenomenal . i loved the music even more after i saw the 3rd `` extras '' dvd and found out about all what went into making it authentic . and , finally actors who look like the jewish people of the times ! henry ian cusick is simply amazing and real and heartfelt as jesus . i 've never seen a better rendition . the main pharisee was excellent as well . if you did n't know this movie was a word for word portrayal of the bible you would n't think anything was strange about it . it simply comes off as a world class major motion picture . and then after you do know , you are so glad that they did it that way . i do have to disagree with one point of a reviewer that it `` made no apologies '' in portraying that the romans and the jews put jesus to death . i thought it was quite clear that god the father sent him to the cross and jesus accepted that role . the romans and the jews were simply instruments of god and that comes across loud and clear . i ca n't recommend this movie enough . you will get a lot out of it each time you watch it and you will watch it over and over . the interviews on the `` behind the scenes '' with the scholars and actors , etc . was excellent . make sure you get the <NUM> cd set to see all the extras
had a crappy day ? need to relaxe ? start the bath water and light the candles . set this cd up and you 'll have a better night ahead of you . start with track # <NUM> move on to track # 3,9,11,12 then on to <NUM> . you 'll feel so much better ! ! ! i have this whle collection and this is one of my favorite compilations . i hated chillout <NUM> and was dissapointed in <NUM> but 02-04 are safe bets ! ! go with the flow and chillout
( my copy is a region <NUM> , european version ) . a masterpiece by italian director lucino visconti . intense , emotional , realistic , passionate , dramatic story of an italian family from the poor south ( lucania ) who immigrates to the northern city of napoli . a 3-hour film that , alternatively , focuses on each one of the sons of the 'mamma ' . if `` il gattopardo '' was the drama of the aristocratic italian family from the south , this one corresponds to the poor family also from the south . both are cinematic gems , worthy of being included among the best in film history . although a long film , its intensity never diminishes . every shot is full of emotion and meaningful and beautiful . the only thing that disappointed me a little was the way it ended , the last half-hour . it 's more of an open ending , no conclusion . one of the most gorgeous films in b/w that i 've seen . italy to the bones .
i purchased this set for my <NUM> year old son to watch before his first trip to camp . he could n't get enough of the stories ! he watched another episode at every oportunity . i had intended to cut off the tv time one evening just before the `` snipe hunt '' episode , but he and his younger sister begged to watch just one more episode so they could find out what a `` snipe '' was . as a parent i found it refreshing to see my children enjoying these programs . there is n't as much `` political correctness '' toying with the plots . the boys at the camp are allowed to be boys , and must face consequences for their actions . there is teasing and trick-playing , but no one is oversensitive to the jibes . one boy ( marty ) is guided through his fear of horses with both a firm and gentle hand . i highly recommend this series for all parents , especially those with boys in the 7-12 year old range . but , i must say , my <NUM> year old daughter loved it , too !
not only did this book have many helpful pointers and much concrete information , it was written in a direct and funny manner . i 'd recommend it , even if i do n't know if it will lead to a breakout novel for me ( yet ! )
i thought this movie was hilarious , and was not expensive at all
i bought this dvd sometime ago , but forgot about it until i discovered it just sitting there among my dvd collection . i watched it and bwoy ! was i taken away or what ? being originally from southern africa brought back many memories as we used to grow up listening and mimicking gumboot dancing . this is a must-see dvd and the dancing , choreography and music has been excently put together to bring this explosion of energy and power ! makes you feel like you are actually there ...
returning more fully to the reformation theology theme of the first volume ( & quot ; the antichrist <NUM> & quot ; ) , which theme indeed undergirds the entire series , author and researcher wil sutton examines what the bible has to say about & quot ; the dragon , the beast , and the false prophet & quot ; the devil 's counterfeit trinity at the end of time . he examines all forms of paganism/ spiritualism , satan 's original religion from eden until now ( the dragon ) , roman catholicism ( the beast ) , and apostate protestantism ( the false prophet ) . sutton shows how these three forces are working together to effect the downfall of humanity today , in the years immediately preceeding the second coming of christ . too strong a comment ? you need this book ! things are not what they seem ; what often seems good to human beings is n't ! the streams of the previous four volumes meet and end in this one . bible prophecy will finally make real sense to you . you will learn what is right ahead of us in time , and what you need to do to get ready : something you owe it to yourself and your family to learn . read this one with your 'king jimmy ' open ! i urge you to get this book today ! thanks , wil , for a wonderful series ( and thanks to your lovely wife debbie for her tireless assistance as well !
this is one of the greatest cds ever recorded . jason robert brown is an amazingly gifted songwriter and an incredible vocalist . not to mention he must have made some pact with satan or something to be able to play the piano like that . this cd has music that is catchy , thoughtful , sincere , and beautiful . an amazine cd .
having chewed and digested `` around the world in eighty days '' , `` five weeks in a balloon '' and `` journey to the centre of the earth '' , i set out to devour another chef d'oeuvre of verne [ the often overlooked `` true '' father of science fiction ] with much relish . sure , `` 20,000 leagues '' seemed bigger than the others i 'd read , but i thought it would be the classic excitement and drama of verne all the way . well , i was nearly right . professor arronax leaves a `` normal '' life in france for the us , taking his assistant with him , to investigate the matter that has taken all the attention of the `` modern '' or `` known '' world . joined by the egotistic harpooner , ned land , they seek adventure , and they find it . again , i see verne 's classic touch of the dramatic as the threesome find the monster - the nautilus - or rather , as the nautilus finds them . they awaken to an interminable adventure under the sea . the professor is fascinated , or perhaps , intoxicated with the endless wealth of life in the sea and spends hours , days and months observing and recording . the tireless taxonomist takes in all the eye can see and with the help of his assistant , classifies it all . this is where the tedium began for me as the reader . pages upon pages of pure taxonomy . the accounts of the undersea explorations in specially designed suits offers some relief . the enigmatic captain nemo is in charge ; incidents and never accidents . everything about him is shrouded in mystery - pondering on the life of captain nemo offers some useful distraction and provides the fuel to consume more and more pages . however , you can never miss verne 's climactic scenes , where he brings drama and suspense to their peak . the almighty nautilus is trapped inside a huge mass of ice at the south pole , and for the first time , captain nemo shows signs of worry , however subtle . yet , he goes on with a steely determination . things are looking very desperate , but as usual , the day is saved . however , i found myself following every detail , sharing all their fears , their toil , their despair . their ecstasy was mine when the nautilus broke free . i was totally drawn in ... ... the irritable ned land sparks the fire of escape . he 's sick and tired of submarine life as nemo shows no signs of releasing his charges . the adventure ends with the escape of the threesome back to terra firma , or does it ? i guess it continued with captain nemo and his longsuffering crew until his death , burying years of useful knowledge and resources under the sea . or did he live forever ? a highly challenging but rewarding read for the discerning reader or verne fanatic
my son loved having one of those pull out books and it be prefect when we got it ... you know the pop up stuff . he wants the entire collection now ...
add one part love story and one part baseball sports flick and you have a great date night movie ! this is a wonderful movie to watch . kelly preston and kevin costner do really great jobs of playing their roles in this movie , but more importantly the storyline is really well done . costner plays an aging professional pitcher at the end of his career . on the last game he pitches , we see not only what is going on in his mind as a professional pitcher , but also flashbacks of his career over the years and his on again/off again romantic relationship with preston 's character . definitely worth watchin
this is undeniably a tragic yet great album . a friend of mine ca n't play it anymore , because he ca n't stand hearing a soul in torment , which is what the album is . it 's so naked emotionally . spence just bears everything , his very being , his very soul . the only other albums that come close to this is nick drake 's final studio album , pink moon , and lee hazlewood 's emotionally wretching requiem for an almost lady . i wo n't recount spence 's back story , for other reviewers have done it very well . the songs go right to your very being . there is no bs here . this was who spence was at the time , warts and all . it is a testament to another sensitive , young soul destroyed by celebrity , the `` business '' , drugs , etc. , etc .. this was spence 's only real solo album , and it 's a true masterpiece , mysterious , moving , and beautiful .
i 've always loved the way john mayer takes his songs to the acoustic side of things and this album highlights that talent . the songs have a different feel to them . they do n't sound as deep and emotional as the full orchestrated continuum versions , but ( with the exception of waiting on the world to change - which sounds identical to the continuum version ) both belief and slow dancing ( the two strongest on this album ) have a more personal sound to them . the production is spotless and it sounds as though the album was recorded in the studio as opposed to live , and result is a definite additon to your john mayer collection . the only fault i have is that there is n't a longer track listing
marc bolan is my main man man . he 's just like a lil consuela
the true heros of the mysteries are the sweet animals- who seem to have more common sense and devotion than their human counterpart
i got hooked with `` spinning '' , and then i reallized the whole album is just awesome , just awesome
this remarkable , very readable book is written as a conversation between two women born in beijing at the same time as the people 's republic of china . as the women explore the similarities and differences in their experiences -- from housing arrangements , to elementary school , to their roles in the early months of the cultural revolution , to the years spent working in rural china -- the reader learns about the wide range of what it means to have grown up in the prc . the result is a reflective , thought-full , and nuanced look at this tumultuous period in china 's recent history
i typically do n't listen to c & w ; i 'm more of a fan of the groups 'disturbed ' , 'staind ' , 'metallica ' , etc. , but i have to say that this is some of the best country and western i 've heard to date . after listening to the title track 'when it all goes south ' , i went out and bought the cd . it 's laid back , upbeat , and thoroughly enjoyable to listen to
this has <NUM> minutes of the <NUM> concert performed at symphony hall , birmingham ... & also has <NUM> music videos do n't pay the ferryman , missing you , & separate tables ! !
i advise anyone young who is seriously interested in horses to start with this book . i 've been riding all my life and think this is a great book to start with and it is very informative
i can not think of a funnier novel written in the last century . if toole were still with us , he 'd be the mark twain of new orleans
iron maiden 's seventh studio album fittingly called seventh son of a seventh son was released in april of <NUM> . the album was the band ; s first new studio album in nearly two years and would be their last with guitarist adrian smith until his return on <NUM> 's brave new world ( not coincidentally it was also their last masterpiece for twelve years as well ) . smith plus lead singer bruce dickinson , bass player steve harris , guitarist dave murray and drummer nicko mcbrain made certain that adrian 's last album with maiden for over a decade was also arguably the band 's best album as i found out when i got the capitol record cassette version in may of <NUM> and later the remastered cd . seventh son of a seventh son was maiden 's first concept album about a cursed child who is born with special powers and it tempted by the side of both good and evil . also , the band was starting to become more progressive sounding as their music was reminiscent to that of elp , genesis , pink floyd and so forth with the tempo changes and lyric-wise . we begin the album with moonchild which begins as an acoustic passage giving this album 's theme and then it builds into a superb rocker penned by smith and dickinson . next is the superb infinite dreams penned by harris and was a great progressive rocker alternating between quiet and heavy and light and dark sections . next was the album 's biggest hit can i play with madness penned by smith/harris/dickinson which sounded reminiscent to the previous album , <NUM> 's somewhere in time 's biggest hit , wasted years . next is the evil that men do also penned by harris/smith/dickinson and is another stellar rocker . this song was always one of my favorites . the album 's second half begins with the epic length title cut ! like the <NUM> plus minute rime of the ancient mariner and <NUM> minute alexander the great before it , it is the longest and best track on the album . unlike those two aforementioned epics , the harris penned title cut was the band 's first <NUM> minute track which they created the story themselves . wonderful musicianship throughout , especially murray and smith 's guitar duels at the end which is an awesome piece of music . the prophecy is next and is a great track penned by murray/harris and ends with a superb acoustic guitar section . next is the album 's third single the clairvoyant which is another great rocker . we end the album with arguably one of maiden 's best album closers only the good die young . this harris/dickinson penned piece is a killer rocker . then when you think the album ended after the big finish , the album ends with a reprise of the acoustic passage that started moonchild . seventh son of a seventh son was another top <NUM> charting us million seller and it was because the material was strong , the production was killer and because it was iron maiden ! recommended
back in the <NUM> 's i wore out my vinyl copy of hendrix 's cry of love album . songs like , drifting and my friend have been floating around in my head for all these years and i had tried to find a copy of cry of love on cd several times with no luck . well , here it is under a different name and with some additional songs ! these are some of the best cuts jimi hendrix ever recorded and the music sounds as good today as it did when i was a kid . absolutely great stuff .
when i saw this movie , i just knew i had to get this soundtrack . music is from two genres of the time : the clean- housewifey-music , and the hippie-woodstock music , to reflect pearl 's and walker 's backgrounds , respectively . i have to say , though , that whoever thought to keep richie havens ' & quot ; freedom & quot ; off the soundtrack made a poor decision . i made another copy of the cd and added the song myself by downloading it from the web . i now feel it is complete and i have it on continuous play on my surround sound , staring at my lava lamp and wishing for the first time in my life that i were older so that i could have been a part of this great era of music
excellent , relaxing , soulful music . reminds me of a lovely summer afternoon or day just relaxing and being lazy
this dvd was great if you want a slower flowing yoga dvd . i think this dvd is good for just about anybody familiar with yoga , and how to use yoga blocks . seane starts off slowly with meditation , breathing exercises , and then slowly starts going into the actual postures . the postures themselves were not difficult for advanced beginner and up practioners . however , seane goes through these postures slowly enough where you will start to feel different parts of your body open up . seane pays a fair amount of attention to alignment ( moreso than i am use to seeing in a vinyasa flow type dvd ) . she takes her time getting into and out of the postures and this where i feel anyone can benefit from this dvd . if you are the type of person looking for a vinyasa flow dvd to make you move , sweat , drop a few pounds , or want very challenging postures , then this probably is not the dvd for you . i would suggest shiva rae 's yoga shakti dvd which has something for almost every skill level , except maybe the truly gifted and advanced yogis/yoginis out there ( the arm balances she does are almost all intermediate to advanced ) . however , if you want to really focus on the alignment and feeling of some of the more basic postures , and you are looking for something slower than the average flow yoga dvd , then this is a home run
i really liked this dvd . i already enjoy belly dancing for my husband and this dvd teaches sexy moves that can easily be combined with belly dance moves to seduce your man . here are some perfect examples of bellydancing and striprteasing combinations . <NUM> . using wrist circles , which is one of the most basic belly dance moves , to emphasize hip movements when stripping . <NUM> . facing away from your lover , go from another basic belly dancing move , snake arms , into a striptease move , hugging yourself . <NUM> . while doing a hip drop , a belly dancing move , do a sensual slide , a striptease move . and the 'ol bump and grind is identical to a hip circle ! ah , the fine art of seduction ! not to mention shoulder shinnies , which i still ca n't seem to do at all well , how frustrating ! my only criticism is the end part where the striptease is demonstrated is much to long . plus , it was n't neccessary to include the lovemaking scene . a little more instruction on exotic dancing could been substituted , such as lap dancing .
for anyone interested in a career in aviation this book hits the mark . after reading this book i found out how much i really only thought i knew about flying for a living ! this should be mandatory reading for anyone interested in a career in aviation
w. somerset maugham 's of human bondage is one of the best novels i have ever read . the language is simple . the narration is subtle . the characters are real and display emotions and feelings everyone can identify with . the power of novel becomes apparent when you are reading it . you choke up every once a while , you smile for hours after you have finished reading certain passages , and you comprehend your own self , your woes and possibilities , better through perspectives that novel provides . philip carey is born with a clubfoot , and as he grows up , orphaned , he struggles with his own deformity . the initial quarter of the novel is about his growing up , and details incidents and relationships that shape our hero . he then develops a fancy of becoming a painter and travels to paris , only to quit few years later to return to london , where he studies to become a doctor . the most engrossing part of novel starts here with the entry of mildred , the waitress . the rest of the novel thrives on the passion of philip , his love that carries him to the edge of self-destruction , and his coming of age . unrequited love has never been potrayed better . philip allows himself to become an instrument in hands of cold-hearted mildred , who repeatedly ruins herself through absurd choices , and ruins him for not withstanding his love and care , he finds himself snubbed , ridiculed , bereft . eventhough his reason tells him otherwise , philip is unable to release himself from his passion for a considerable time . as is said in the novel , `` but when all was said the important thing was to love rather than to be loved ; and he yearned for mildred with his whole soul . '' the novel is lot more than just story of philip and mildred , and there are other unforgettable characters . each person philip encounters and each friend he makes , leaves an indelible impression on him and the reader . be it his idealist friend hayward , who has too much promise too little product , the poet cronshaw who dies in poverty , fenny price whose hard work can not make her draw even reasonably well , his uncle and aunt whose love is both tacit and beautifully potrayed and the writer norah who shows philip of a caring and loving other . the most charming people in the novel are athlneys . athlney brings life and humor into the novel , and i think saves philip from a total destruction . the novel really highlights the virtue that lies in a simple , happy married life and anthlneys win over both philip and readers with their goodness and simplicity . thorpe anthlney with his nine children is a jolly character , and be it his conversations or actions , he wins over our hearts outright . philip finds love in most unexpected quarters and is surprised by how help crops up from strangers . his every experience makes him as richer as the reader becomes in reading about it . the thoughts about the meaning of life , or about love or religion or about virtue or vice , and about each aspect of life that philip encounters are spelt out with a subtlety and mastery . these thoughts find easy resonance with the reader , and make of human bondage an unforgettable affair . the honesty of this piece is stunning . this novel , written without any flourishes and intricate wordplay or mystery , is i think a celebration of the deep insight and understanding of the author . i have read his other works . the razor 's edge , the moon and six pence as well as his short stories are a proof of maugham 's ability to tell simple tales with great mastery . these , on their own , make maugham a great novelist . but it is after reading of human bondage that i realized why most novelists and readers have considered this piece as one the greatest pieces in world literature . maugham 's aim was perhaps of catharisis and he put his own emotions into the characters , and therefore , he 's created a work that is timeless and unforgettable . a must read for everyone who can read .
phillips nails it . and it 's coming here to a city near you
this book made me realize that there are still good people in this world . when everything seems to be going wrong and hatred between mankind seems to be the controlling factor in society , it helps to see the generosity of selfless people
i think this is the only book of its kind on the market now , so i would recommend it if only for this reason to women who like to dress well at low cost . however , it 's better than i expected , thanks to an author who gives very detailed information about what makes a garment well constructed , down to the buttons . this book is useful for anybody shopping for clothes anywhere , new or not . it 's probably even a great gift for someone who sews their own clothes , that 's how detailed it gets about garment construction . this book 's main audience are women who want to get bargains on designer clothes ( it even gives helpful lists of designer names and their & quot ; poor cousin & quot ; lines ) , and therefore are more likely to shop consignment rather than thrift . it 's still helpful to vintage/thrift shoppers too ( especially section on stain removal ) but i wish she had included more tips for those shoppers , as well as more info on shoes . i think a sequel is in order because i think the author probably has a lot more to say . if so , please include a chapter on shopping for clothes online . this book has nothing on this topic , which is an art in itself ! i 'd also like to recommend al hoff 's thrift score
this is generally regarded as public enemy 's best album . it 's easy to see why , because it does feature many of their best songs . like `` bring the noise '' , `` do n't believe the hype '' and `` she watch channel zero '' . believe the hype
this version sticks to the book quite faithfully . ( there was a later version , and that one 's cover features a smiling kid . that version made a lot of changes from the book . this version has a close-up of the creature on the cover . ) yes , the special effects are bbc / '' dr. who '' cheesy , but they do n't distract from the series . i read the book to my [ ... ] , and then she watched this and thoroughly enjoyed it . so did her 30-something parents
the best take i 've read on lafferty is from john clute 's encyclopaedia of fantasy . he echoes the view that r.a. lafferty is his own man , and you 've got to read all of him to even start to know what he 's about . someone new to lafferty would be better off starting with fourth mansions or past master or reefs of earth or the many volumes of short stories . those books make some concessions to the general reader , while this one decidedly does not . thanks to wildside press for making this novel available . i had looked for a long time for a `` new '' lafferty novel and could only find more short stories . nothing against those ; i read his stories avidly before ever cracking the cover of a novel , but i enjoy it when lafferty stretches out in a full-length work and invites us into his universe . serpent 's egg takes place in the indeterminate future of <NUM> when all sorts of experiments are taking place between animals , humans and humanoid computers , resulting in various hybrid offspring . these mega-persons all reach maturity at ten years old , but should they prove to be a serpent 's egg , a threat to the `` floating world '' , assassins are sent after them by the kangaroo court , seen as a portent in the sky of a kangaroo . the offspring of four experiments join up to form a magic twelve , including in their number a psychic python , an unborn elephant , a wolverine , a bear , a computer , and a few humans . it 's all very laffertarian and it probably does n't give anything away to say that the epilog ( written by a whale ) claims that half the book is lies . i had a copy of wildside press ' collection of lafferty stories , iron tears , which had a lot of typos in it . it may have since been edited , however , since my edition does n't have the introduction by michael swanwick included in the newer edition . regardless , this book has few typos and is well-produced . it 's also as much reading as a whole book of short stories , just right for laffertarian bedtime reading .
mariah carey 's <NUM> album merry christmas is the ultimate christmas album . she breathes new life into standard songs like silent night and joy to the world . her voice is in peak form , hitting her five octave range - and i swear for this album - six . on this new release , one side is a cd , the other has all her charming christmas music videos . the label warns that the cd side will not play in all cd players unless it is a sony , but it played fine in my non-sony cd walkman as well as my gateway pc dvd player . there are two engaging secular songs here , `` all i want for christmas is you , '' and `` baby please come home for christmas . '' but the real power is in the classic hymns and carols . her versions are so full of joy and reverence for jesus our saviour . i get tears in my eyes when i think of the christ child coming to earth - the real reason for christmas
sometimes , when an author writes a trilogy , it 's the second one that lacks the same pizazz you fell in love with in the first or the fantastic ending of the third . this was not the case . in fact , she wrote about the spicy heroine here in the second book and that 's brilliant
i 've been waiting to hear this album for quite some time and when i finally had my chance , i was not disappointed . such an excellently done compliation . i would recommend it to any final fantasy fan . i could n't pick and choose which of the tracks are the best , as they are all amazing . pick this up ; you wo n't regret the purchase
alan f. segal 's book `` life after death '' is my first read of his work , and certainly the most massive book i have read in some time . considering the sheer scope of the topic segal has attempted to cover , the size of the book should come as no surprise . however , the physical weight is where the `` weightiness '' ends . now , before you freak out about over <NUM> pages of text on life after death , it should be emphasised that segal writes in a very accessible and easy going manner . a few of the words he uses require a dictionary , ( at least , i needed one ) , but the incidence of this was not a burden . segal keeps you moving and presents a great level of quotation from ancient sources to highlight his points . his manner and style of presentation and discussion are absolutely fantastic . segal presents the beliefs of different cultures from a more social viewpoint than anything , and deals with how these beliefs can illustrate what the people thought of about themselves and the world about them . what you end up with is a very interesting discussion not just on life after death , but also some of the political , cultural and social concerns that went into them . this makes for a very well-rounded discussion . segal takes you through various cultures and civilisations , and throughout he inter-connects various ideas between them to show how they illustrate each other by contrast or simularity . these cultures include chapters on ancient egypt , mesopotamia and canaan , israelite , ( broken into various chapters ) , and much more , including detailed chapters on christian views and their development through the centuries . this book is really a great overview of the topic , and it is relatively easy to find from segal 's referencing further material for more specific reading . segal has done exceptionally well to squeeze such a vast topic into about <NUM> well-written and dynamic pages . this book gets a big `` thumbs-up '' from me . i will certainly be reading more of segal 's work in the future
show me love is a good film . the story of two teenage girls in high school . agnes is in love with elin , who is in the more popular group . i wo n't give away the plot but the film is not overstated like a lot of films , it goes at a lot more natural pace.both actress ' give a good performance , it does n't feel like your watching a film , one has moments where it 's like `` i 've done that '' , i have held a yearbook photo and obsessed over it , while playing a song about how i love them . it 's my first swedish film that i have watched and really dig
great . interesting detail on the me'tis culture
did you get a chance to see pacino 's movie `` simone '' ? the premise : hollywood uses a computer program to create and mold the biggest female star ever . it 's pretty obvious ( and has always been ) that britney has very little musical talent , but they molded her into the biggest music icon in <NUM> . on this dvd you get a chance to relive her early greatness in videos like `` sometimes '' , `` baby one more time '' , `` oops i did it again '' . those were such wonderful videos ( directed by nigel dick ) . britney looked so beautiful and happy . it 's very shocking to see what that happy little girl became today . nobody would have thought that this squeeqy clean girl would be prancing around hollywood with no panties , on drugs , and shaving her head bald . these video 's are not only entertaining , but they are also a window into the britney transformation . the video `` lucky '' from her oops album in particular is strange , because britney really became the lucky girl ( lost in an image , with nobody there to wake her up ) . by the 3rd album , you can see britney smiling less , becoming more sexually deviant , and singing `` im a slave for you '' . her last album has shocking video 's such as `` everytime '' , where britney dies in the bathtub ( from what looks like suicide ) . sure , she pops out of the tub at the end to let us know she is okay , but it 's still very strange . also contained on this dvd is britney 's unfinished video `` outrageous '' ( from her 4th album ) . britney is totally out of her element in this video , pretending to be a home-girl in the ghetto . she jumps on snoop dog ( the rapper ) and licks his face like catwomen ( from batman <NUM> ) . that was quite possibly the most disgusting thing i have ever seen . well , britney just got out of rehab , and i hope she will be okay . people on the internet are already betting who will father her next child . aside from what you believe about britney 's lack of talent , she is a human . that 's right , she is n't simone . she is a human , and makes mistakes just like anyone else . she tried to entertain us . the least we can do is give her some sympathy and hope she finds her way .
david gates wrote some of the most soothing and melodic love songs of the seventies and that voice of his must have melted a lot of female hearts ! although all the best songs of bread are here , this album would have been more complete if it had included the david gates classic `` goodbye girl '' .
kate always reminds us of what the best southern music is really about . in this fusion of southern atmospherics and blues , she touches the heart as few can in shades of country , gospel , folk and pop . up in west virginia in the cold coal mines they got blues miles and miles of blues from buffalo to baltimore talk about hard times they got blues miles and miles of blues this may be the best record in her distinguished discography . kate 's voice , sweet and thick as molasses , is as wonderful as ever and remains center stage with a cast of amazing musicians ( including : walt aldridge-producer and guitars ; jim hoke-accordion and harmonica , larry franklin-fiddle , randy kohrs-dobro , neil rosengarden-trumpet , bill huber-trombone , ron de la vega-cello ) and a who 's who of harmony singers ( maura o'connell , guy clark , verlon thompson , mac mcanally , and cindy walker ) . although the blues permeate nearly every song ( often in very original ways ) , kate finds hope as well . the good news is there 's music to ease your worried mind when you got blues miles and miles of blues and there 's nothing like a guitar crying in the night when you got blues miles and miles of blues peace comes stealing slow falls like silent snow swings down sweet and low peace comes stealing slo
this is definately one of the best live albums that i have heard . it rocks from beginning to end . this is the way that blues traveler need to be heard ..... they are a terrific jam band and this double album shows them off to perfection . <NUM> new songs are also showcased here , & quot ; regarding steven & quot ; and & quot ; closing down the park & quot ; . the booklet contains tons of photos and the lyrics to the two new songs . this album is a must for all blues traveler fans
i bought `` one hundred demons '' as kind of a shot-in-the-dark gift for my wife . she ended up reading it all in one sitting and gave me her opinion . `` this book is , like , one of the best books i 've read in years ! you have to read it ! she even , like , gives you instructions in the back on how to paint your own demons ! '' buying a good gift without being given specific instructions is something i do once every <NUM> years maybe . i did it twice this year ( i also did good by buying her some thermal `` dog '' pajamas from target on a whim ) . i ended up reading it myself -- and i thought it was an awesome book . i could n't ( and still ca n't ) put it down either ! there are a lot of nuances that are very funny . lynda barry does a great job conveying personality and humanism . very colorful and fun to read . will likely buy more of her books -- i ( we ) need more than just one fix
'the glorious cause ' is the second in shaara 's two volume piece historical fiction concerning the revolutionary war . 'rise to rebellion ' was the first , and i believe the superior of the two , but 'the glorious cause ' is an excellent novel as well . 'rise to rebellion ' was the superior of the two novels due to the changes of heart that the readers sees in john adams and benjamin franklin concerning the issue of independence from england . 'the glorious cause ' has little of that type deep soul-searching . however , it is a fantastic portrayal of the difficulties encountered by the continental army and george washington , in particular . if i were to have my druthers , i would have preferred that shaara had broken this 600+ page novel into two novels and expanded them both by delving more into the politics of the day and the difficulties of fighting a war with the governmental structures and restrictions that the contintenal congress was hampered with . in addition , more battles and fronts could have been explored , such as the ill-fated american invasion of canada and benedict arnold 's naval adventures on lake champlain . that being said , these are still a highly recommended novels - either for the american revolution novice or the enthusiast . well done , mr. shaara
i 'm ashamed to say that , even as an adult , i love the music on this cd ! the kids listen to it in the car and on their little cd player . they are older ( <NUM> and <NUM> ) , so they already knew the lower times tables , but all the songs are great so we listen to them anyway and now they can remember all the numbers . ( they go up to <NUM> . ) it 's a long cd - definately longer than other kids music - but it has a story to it that follows along with the songs . it 's like listening to a book on tape . after years of barney and spongebob ( neither did much for my kids ' brains ) , i 'm so glad to have something that * i * can sing along with too
the songs on this album are outstanding , the writing is direct , the themes are the same ones neil has always sung about , making relationships last over time , country living , the road . but the way this album was recorded is probably the main reason i keep coming back . obviously the guitars are all melting and the amps are overdriven and the songs are free-form , but the vocals are right where i want them , and the guitars are so warm that the album never agitates me ( and believe me , i 've listened to some agitating music - teengenerate anyone ? ) . i guess the fifth star is gained by the fact that the songs and the band are still more important than the medium , this album is n't noteworthy for its use of feedback and hot guitars , but because everything fits , in a smooth and soulful way . never gimmick . always authentic . neil transcends the genre again
it really made me think . as a rule , i do n't read religious books , but since this one was recommended to me , i ordered it . i was n't sorry . it 's an easy read , and i enjoyed it very much
my children have had to deal with tremendous unexpected changes in our lives as our home was destroyed by hurricane katrina . one day we were in a home and my four year olds were just getting settled into school . the next day we were living <NUM> miles away from home , their home was destroyed , and they were placed in new schools . this story was perfect in explaining to them that change happens to everyone . sometimes these changes are very unexpected . if we are willing to embrace change we can make this change an opportunity rather than a tragedy . wonderful principles to teach to kids . my wife and i learned from it also
watching mirrormask is like being immersed in the absolute best of dreams ; the kind that pull us out of ourselves and makes us wonder who we really are inside . this may sound a bit cheesy , but the imagery in this movie is fascinating , and simply , just really fun to watch . mirrormask it not a once-through movie , once you see it once , you want to see it again , the visuals are just too much for simply one go . and this is one of the great beauties of the movie : for all of the complex visual that it offers , the storyline offers the delicious contrast of being rather simple and sweet . definitely a children 's movie that really delivers
unbelivable ! ! ! buddy rich is the master when it comes to drumming ! ! ! this cd is filled with many solos ... not just from the master , but also from others in the band . he had by far the best horn section in the the world and it is definitely captured by this awesome cd . i find no problems when it comes to sound or anything else . if you like jazz , druming , solos , or just buddy rich , you need to get this
terrific cast explores the question of ethics in the world of g.i . 's upon their return from wwii . an examination of the value of honesty in communications , whether in the marketplace or in the home . interesting for period detail .
the difference between the reviewers loping off a star and those giving this dvd a five-star is obvious - the lopers are people that do n't play ! this dvd ( three actually ) is an excellent production in sound and video quality as well as performance . the supporting bands are excellent as well . hey , we 're all aging , even you three and four star critics . it is indeed rare to get blues and jazz from these masters in the first place , and all the live performances will preserve our blues and jazz heritage . if you love the blues and jazz , this dvd is pure and simply excellent .
starland vocal band cd is just awesome it will blow you away . the harmies they have couldnt better even if you try there awesome vocal talent together is just awesome . a must buy cd today . george bretzlaf
i remember taping this one from the radio on the night that it happened . the keith & donna years were a high point for the dead , but i never really embraced the donna part of the deal . here 's my challenge to you : listen to `` playing in the band , '' and when you get to the point where donna lets out that prolonged , off-key screech , let me know how that works for you . donna , in my opinion , was this band 's yoko , except for the fact that yoko was a better singer . she sort of wandered back and forth across the stage in her white hospital gown and at inappropriate moments let out howls and moans tuneless bursts of god-knows-what-she-was-thinking . dead heads have all kinds of reasons why she was a wonderful addition to the band , and i never understood or agreed with any of them . that said , it 's a classic and solid set from the band , including wharf rat , help on the way , slipknot , morning dew and many standards from the 70s era dead shows . without donna , this would be an easy 5-star performance .
i rely on these books from florence . as always , this one is exceptional .
you may have forgotten just how funny this one is . it 's great for those times when you just want to smile , but are n't sure what to watch . plus , you have the added benefit that most young people have n't seen it yet ! nothing too objectionable in it , so that 's good too .
the best of colonel abrams is a bright collection of the artist 's dance classics and quiet storm masterpieces . with the cd opener `` specutlation '' you have a good sense of what is about to come . with such hits and garage classics like `` trapped '' , `` i 'm not gon na let '' and `` how soon we forget '' this makes the cd one of the best dance artist collections thus far . the best of also covers some of the quiet storms recording such as `` marquex '' and `` table for two '' with is also worth listening too and shows the diversity of the artist . many listeners may say `` hey he sounds like teddy pendergrass ! '' but trust me he has a style and voice all his own . trust me this is also a must have and you will get your moneys worth . buy it ! !
the thing about audio books is the reader , who can make or break the aural experience . cherry jones makes what would otherwise be a dated novel come alive . her ability to portray multiple characters of both genders is astonishing
useful and worthy book for anyone wanting to practice the <NUM> steps in their life
i love this book so much . i was so in to the book i once read <NUM> pages at one time . it brought me to tears , it mad eme feel as if i were there . as if i was jimmy and seths bestfriend and went everywhere they did . i sugest u read this book , you will not forget it . i will always remember this book as the best book i have ever read ! !
the flashcards are nice to take anywhere . the numbers are lined to different parts of the region one is studying . example the skull , if you are studying lateral view of the skull a number would highlight the temporal bone but you will have four lines pointing to four different parts of the temporal bone , if you needed more help to which part of the temporal bone was the zygomatic process it would be hard to find out which of those four lines pointed to it . the answers are next to the temporal bone in parenthesis but it does not go in to much detail to which line represents what . this could be better
i never knew where to start when facing the task of organizing my house after the winter . clearing the clutter , switching winter/summer clothes , dreadful .... ! not only did i find in this book solutions to clean and store , but i also discovered many useful tips to keep my house organized . i bought the book <NUM> months ago , and so far so good ! ! !
if you are looking to relive some favorite tunes from the past , `` the day after yesterday '' by rick springfield is a good one ! ! ! however , if you are looking for `` jessie 's girl '' and `` do n't talk to strangers , '' this one is not for you . although this offering differs greatly from much of springfield 's most popular tunes , i like it ! ! ! as a fan rediscovering rick , i appreciate what his mature voice lends to each cut . this album helps to confirm my belief that musicians ( just like everyone else ) should change and grow , take divergent paths , explore , rediscovery , etc . and not stay the same - play the same tunes in the same old way . rick 's last album , `` shock/denial/anger/acceptance , '' contains many raw and hard-hitting tracks . this one does not . take it for what it is - he is not selling it as anything but songs that he wished he had written . i appreciate the various offerings by an artist over his/her career span ( buy this one and `` anthology -written in rock '' released in <NUM> and `` karma '' in <NUM> to see what i mean ) .
i find the music of oscar lopez in this cd to meet all my expectations and i would highly recommend this purchase to those seeking the music of an accoustical latino guitarist this was my first selection by oscar lopez , but i have no doubt it will not be my last . he is very talented and his music is very rewarding
the fable of robin hood is masterfully translated to the big screen . this <NUM> version , of which there were myriad renditions , is deemed the absolute quintessential version . errol flynn is terrific as the outlaw saxon . olivia de havilland delivers an equally stellar performance as the lady marian . filmed in georgeous early technicolor , this is a must for anyone 's film library . as for the dvd , the picture is flawless and absolutley gorgeous in technicolor and the sound is excellent too . get this one ! !
this book is an amalgam of the author 's experience as a serial high tech entrepreneur and good business common sense . it provides a compendium of advice that one can not find in more traditional business books and texts . it is for those who are thinking about starting a company -- especially , but not necessarily , a high tech company -- and are not certain what to do next or first . it addresses the `` seed stage '' of a new venture , primarily before venture capital is raised , when the team is first being assebled and the vision and product are first being formed . a must read for the first time high tech entrepreneur ..
i do n't understand what the previous & quot ; reviewer & quot ; was talking about , that miles was playing it square here . this is a beautiful , relaxed album , and one of the only quartet recordings miles did . plus , he plays the open trumpet on every tune . he made this album when he was waking up from his blue haze of heroin addiction , right before he went on to huge fame and success and you can hear all his new ideas formulating on this record . however , if you 're only accustomed to later miles davis records where he was fueled by fiery tenormen like shorter and coltrane , then maybe it might sound too laid back for you . i dunno
i noticed this cd because of the name of the band and the suggestions from other amazon customers . i must say it is one of my favorite cd 's ! the songs have great rythmn and the energy of the artists translate beautifully even though i do n't speak spanish or japanese ( one of my favorite songs ! ) everyone-aged from <NUM> to <NUM> that has heard this cd , will request me to play it when they visit . pepe 's voice reminds me so much of ricky ricardo , that i 'm surprised the album is n't called `` latenight lucy '' ! ! ca n't wait for the release of their next cd .
i 've barely even scratched the surface of tom waits ' music , but from the three albums of his i 've been lucky enough to hear , i know that the man is truly an original in the musical world . there is some dylan , some beefheart , some nick cave in there - but not really , because tom waits can never be mistaken for anybody else . he 's a primitivist in the truest sense of the word - his musical and lyrical voice evokes an ancient wisdom with its jarring and primal diametrical phrases that cut straight to the bone . when we hear `` earth died screaming , '' we know that waits is serious , and his vision of the apocalypse is drenched in the biblical imagery of sickness and decay . fellow dark prince nick cave may know the lingo , but ultimately he is an historian who can cleverly reference ancient literature and religion , whereas tom waits has the voice of an ancient prophet . that may explain why his status as a pop-culture icon is sort of a `` hobo guru . '' there 's something genuinely mystical about him . `` bone machine , '' tom waits ' blisteringly weird little epic of clangs , twangs , and grumbles , was a powerful way for the master to enter his third decade of recording . some of it seems a bit disorganized , and some of the songs are out of place being on this album ( and those are kind of a part of what makes tom waits ' albums so cool ) , but there 's no such thing as a throwaway here . the melodies are strong , the lyrics are fantastic , the themes are steady and powerful , and the presentation is truly unique ; the grotesque , sometimes bone-chilling percussive clangs of waits 'bones ' players are sounds that have rarely been heard before on a rock record . it 's an aggressively experimental approach that manages to avoid sounding elitist at all - in fact , i 'd say that in a totally whacked way , this is kind of accessible . who can say that `` murder in the red barn '' is n't catchy ? it 's a great little story-song with a chaucerian barnyard allegory of man 's violent nature , cycling around and around the `` murder in the red barn '' chorus with the bones bong-bonging away and sharp twangs of the steel-stringed guitar . `` i do n't wan na grow up '' is avant-garde balladry , if there is such a thing - there 's a static scratch in the background and waits growls more painfully than ever , but he strums the chords and delivers his cry of fear against the wickedness of adulthood in such a heartfelt way that it 's become the most popular song on the album . it 's the same twisted logic that makes this such a fun listen . it 's diverse , brave , gruesomely funny , strange , and unforgettable . `` earth died screaming , '' `` dirt in the ground , '' `` black wings , '' `` goin out west , '' `` in the colosseum , '' and `` such a scream '' are other standout tracks .
i was introduced to mcr through three cheers for sweet revenge , which is one of the best albums to ever be released . i brought you my bullets , you brought me your love is a very , very good release . all the songs are awesome , and the intensity and ferocity that drew me mcr in the first place is well in place on this album . but , it seems that they were still finding their sound and direction on this album . very good album , but the recording is very raw , semi-okay production . but nevertheless a great release that you must check out ... my favorite song is drowning lessons
it is about a 9year old spy.she has a route of peoples houses to spy on.she has a notebook thats what she writes about people , and her friends.then her friends read it and team up.so there really really mad at her.they made a club and there going to do someing , to her and she wants to know.she also lives in aparments with her mom and dad.thats what its about.the reason i like it is it had interesting details . one thing i did n't like was it was so long .
my five-year-old daughter and i really love this cd . the covers are great `` versions '' of the originals , and the original tracks are great additions to the overall feel of this cd . maroon <NUM> 's `` pure imagination '' is fantastic , as is the dixie chick 's `` the rainbow connection . '' it 's a great cd to listen to together and it does n't drive you crazy after the fifth time because it 's kinda `` rockin ' '' . if your children are strictly into `` kiddie '' types of music , i.e . laurie berkner , this probably is n't going to be their thing . my daughter is older and is , thankfully , expanding her musical tastes . this is something we both enjoy , minus the singing veggies and all ... i highly recommend this to more mature children
thomas paine 's & quot ; rights of man & quot ; is truly a classic defense of self government and reprsentative republicanism . paine copmletely demolishes edmund burke 's defense of aristocracy and monarchy as outmoded and absurd institiutions . paine shows the immorality of monarchy and the plunder that it commits on it 's own people through high taxes , unjust property laws , and priveleges for the nobility . paine shows the virtues a representative system has over the monarchial form . he denounces aristocracy and monarchy as & quot ; frauds & quot ; and based upon tyranny . the first review by will murphy critsizing paine as a sort of statist is way off the mark . paine did recommend many ideals of the welfare state . it must be remembered he was speaking to an age where a large wealthy aristocracy ruled alongside the monarch , living in luxury off the high taxes drained from the middle , lower and working classes . paine was one of the formost defenders of freethought in religion , speech , and ideas.to imply paine was a sort of 18th century fascist is utterly absurd and ahistorical . paine was not an enemy of property , just an enemy of aristocracy , who in his day did not obtain property by hard work . usually property rights in monarchial nations were written to favor the wealthy and powerful , and grant them priveleges at the expense of the populace . paine completely destroys the ideal that a chosen few were meant or ordained by god to rule . if you love freedom , you ca n't go wrong with the & quot ; rights of man & quot ;
wonderful group ! ! ! ! ! great all-time favorites on this cd . highly recommend this cd to al
clear , sweet voices are the main attraction of this cd , with well-chosen male guests to sing those songs best delivered in a masculine voice , like & quot ; bonny blue-eyed nancy & quot ; and & quot ; queen of connemara. & quot ; the selections range from lively reels and jigs and the tongue-twisting ( well , maybe not if you 're celtic ) & quot ; an poc ar buile & quot ; to the haunting & quot ; broom of the cowdenknowes , & quot ; & quot ; down by the glenside , & quot ; and my favorite , & quot ; erin gra mo chroi. & quot ; this is another new-to-me group that i plan to collect more of
i really like all of kalmahs previous releases , but they seemed to be lacking in some way ; like they were on the cusp of something great but just couldnt push it over the edge . well now they have . this is the best melodic death cd i have ever heard ! they simply took the best elements out of every band out there and forged them into something amazing . the synth are a not so in your face version of children of bodom , the lead guitar harmonies are a beautiful mixture of dark tranquilites fast stacato riffing mixed with the violence and melody of old in flames . the softer parts alude to my personal favorite 'insomnium ' . this has been the only cd i have been listening to for several weeks now just because there is no reason to listen to anything else . kalman has perfected the genre ! all hail .
i was n't sure at first if i would like this story . but i found that i could not put it down . it is a love story , but its so much more the devinci code of vampires you might even say . i like how the authors explain the reason for vampires and how darkness and light need each other to survive . this story takes its time , but its not boring . i loved all the characters , and didnt miss the sex scenes or gore . it wasnt needed and it would have taken away from the story . i want to thank the authors for this great story , great writing ..
when i first heard a song from this album ( sliding doors ) i was driving on i-5 , on my way to pasadena . i pulled off and bought the cd . i give it half a star over the <NUM> rating , and it would it be worth <NUM> if the boys had axed & quot ; right kind of girl & quot ; . there is something painful about the 'siamese cat ' line . probably i just do n't get it . & quot ; your big night & quot ; is steely dan adeptly finessed into the 90s . & quot ; star behind & quot ; may have been inspired by the moody blues or the hale-bopp cult troop , i dunno , but i like the pulsating yet dreamy arrangement . my fave track is & quot ; all dreamed out & quot ; . it is a satin doombox
i 'd say my title pretty much sums it up . this is one of the simplest treatments of the doctrine of election for almost anyone to grasp . dr. sproul is magnificently insightful and methodical in the presentation of this glorious doctrine of election
what can i say about this cd except `` mmmmm '' . ya got ta love it , this cd has a range of songs that will fulfill anyones desire for some of mr armstrongs ' special treatment . get it , play it , love it
although there are no show stopping arias that the viewer will remember , the music is very pleasant and full of melody , and the performance is excellent . if you are looking to broaden your collection to include more than the standard operas such as boheme , aida , etc , this light comedy is a very good choice . not only do the singers sing and act their parts well , but they also look their parts ( which is frequently not the case in opera )
this <NUM> soundtrack for the barbet schroeder film `` la vallee '' was recorded during two , one-week sessions , between which a tour of japan was sandwiched . interestingly , the album works as a cohesive whole , in spite of the short recording time , and the `` dry '' production ( especially on nick mason 's drums ) lends the album a very tight feel . it has been written that obscured by clouds is the last true group effort and i pretty much agree . the album also finds the band poised on the cusp of massive , global superstardom , which would become fully realized with the mega-smash , mega-million selling album the dark side of the moon ( <NUM> ) . lyrically , roger waters begins to reflect on issues that he would develop further , including his war-victim father ( free four ) and dave gilmour refers to science fiction with childhoods end , which is the title of arthur c. clarke 's classic from the genre . i guess it is worth noting that childhood 's end was recorded without the final verse and that roger would write all lyrics for the group following this album , thus `` relieving '' dave of this responsibility . dave 's vocals are also excellent and he really comes across as a confident singer . his guitar playing is also in top flight too . in addition to tracks with lyrics , there are quite a few instrumentals as well . musically , i think pink floyd was in fine form on this album . my favorite cuts include the atmospheric , vcs3 synthesizer heavy instrumental tracks obscured by clouds , mudmen , and absolutely curtains ( loads of rick wright 's sustained hammond organ ) , along with the heavy instrumental when you 're in . burning bridges , wot 's ... uh the deal , and stay are also superb and feature the trademark drifting and spacey floyd sound . at the opposite end of the spectrum is the thunderous the gold it 's in the ... , which reminds me somewhat of the bone-crushing nile song ( from more , <NUM> ) . free four is the only bouncy and lighthearted track on the album , which stands in stark contrast with water 's dark subject matter - the ruminations of someone on their deathbed . with respect to this <NUM> remaster it is just ok and features good sound quality , images from the film , and all lyrics . all in all , this excellent album is a personal favorite and is very highly recommended along with atom heart mother ( <NUM> ) , meddle ( <NUM> ) , wish you were here ( <NUM> ) , and animals ( <NUM> ) .
lemony snicket 's popular a series of unfortunate events continues with more miserable adventures for the baudelaire orphans . in the miserable mill , the children are sent to the dull town of paltryville to work in the gloomy `` lucky smells lumbermill '' .in the next volume , the austere academy , the baudelaires attend the dreary `` prufrok prepatory school '' run by the dimwitted , meanspirited vice principal nero.in the sixth episode , the baudelaires are sent to their distant relatives , jeremy and esme squalor , to live in their oversized penthouse . lemony snicket continues his mysterious references to his lost love beatrice , humorous definitions of words and an ability to make young readers sympathize with the baudelaire orphans . rating : a
once again one of my favotite authors has written a novel about the south that gives me a vivid and exciting glimpse of how things were in another era . her heroine is a woman with a mind of her own who does n't mind taking the bitter with the sweet to be with the one she loves . i reccomend this highly
i hate ballet . it is so boring , and i start craving dialogue after about twenty minutes . all that dancing gets so monotonous ! so it was startling to watch emilio ardolino 's film version of george balanchine 's the nutcracker ( <NUM> ) on videocassette and just adore it . the sets and costumes , by rouben ter-arutunian , use color to perfection . the tschaikovsky music is glorious . and the dancing , by the new york ballet , is outstanding . i could even follow the story with just susan cooper 's minimal narrative read by kevin kline . it is a great ensemble cast , and macauley culkin fits in nicely as the nutcracker prince . bart robinson cook as godfather drosselmeier is magnificent , and newcomer jessica lynn cohen is enchanting as marie . i clearly do n't have a lot of experience in stage nutcracker 's , or any live ballet . a nutcracker expert may pan it for something . leonard maltin asininely called it `` much too stagey '' ! leonard , they call it filmed ballet ! of course , it is stagey ! and this <NUM> production is as good as ballet gets for me . as someone at newsweek says on the front of the videocassette box , this is `` like having the best seats anyone ever had for the nutcracker . '' it is an enthralling plum pudding of a christmas present for viewers of all ages , especially dance lovers .
wanda nell culpepper has got a lot on her hands : she 's a single mom with three kids and one grandkid who she works <NUM> jobs to support . her mother in law is a monster -- and her ex has just shown up waving around a lot of cash . when wanda nell finds her ex stabbed through the throat with a pink lawn flamingo , her troubles have just begun . the deputy suspects her , dangerous folks are coming after her looking for something that the ex supposedly left with her . `` flamingo fatale '' is a good read and an interesting cosy ; however , i do n't think that evans hits her stride with her first book . `` murder over easy '' is much improved and the third in the series actually promises to be more interesting .
this is a fascinating collection of puzzles from the master of mathemagics . it 's clear and undeniable : if you want the best in fun , challenging puzzles , buy anything written by gardner or his heir apparent , terry stickels . you ca n't go wrong ! !
my family of five ( kids presently aged 9,7,3 yrs ) has been to walt disney world before . we love the place and very much look forward to our trips there . however , experience has taught me that a good guide book is still a valuable tool when traveling to disney , and well worth the money for the knowledge and tips you gain . i 've bought _the official guide to wdw_ ( not worth the $ in my opinion ) , passporter 's ( also good ) , birnbaum 's , etc . but this is still the best -- especially if you are in the planning stages of your trip . if you have small kids , i 'd recommend getting the smaller , more portable [ ...
this cd contains both studio re-recordings of earlier works ( `` judas '' , `` dandelion '' , `` anna '' , etc . ) as well as new songs . i have some sympathy for ben fassett 's earlier comment . those who have heard antje duvekot 's earlier works ( `` little peppermints '' and `` boys , flowers , miles '' ) may be surprised by her sound in this cd . i was fortunate enough to hear her live in concert the other night , and was completely impressed by her presence and performance . her earlier cds convey the power of her solo performance ; think patty griffin 's `` living with ghosts '' as a comparable example . paradoxically , less is more . this cd , on the other hand , adds string arrangements and other instruments to her voice and guitar . i think that some of the raw emotion and poignancy can get lost in the production , and her voice can occasionally be muted . in her concert , she performed some of the new songs from this cd , and they were very much in the style of her earlier cds . the earlier cds also reveal her live demeanor which is quite shy , humorous and self-deprecating . you should really try to see her in person if you have a chance . on the other hand , this cd represents more antje duvekot , and that is never a bad thing . it is still well worth the purchase , but consider also `` boys , flowers , miles '' to hear the power of her solo voice
both volumes provide a great addition to any cardio workout . what i like the most is it that you can choose which part of your body you want to focus on and go right to that section . it provides three approaches to each movement , easy , regular , and challening . these cd 's should last several years at least . a great buy !
<NUM> years later and this album still rules . this is by far the best children of bodom album and hatebreeder comes in second with tokyo warhearts . do n't waste your time with new bodom if you have n't heard the older stuff yet especially something wild because you will be missing out on what cob really are . deadnight warrior and touch like ( the ) angel of death amazing
imperial woman is the fictionalized biography of the great dowager empress tzu hsi , the real power behind the throne during the reins of the last four emperors of china . the story starts with her as a beautiful manchu teenager who , along with her cousin sakota , is picked for the emperor 's crop of concubines . through guile and ambition , tzu hsi bears the male heir to the emperor she comes to control . when the emperor dies young , tzu hsi makes sure she and sakota are named regents for the young child emperor . through keen intelligence , intrigue , and whatever other means necessary , tzu hsi holds the imperial throne through her son 's childhood . buck portrays a woman split between feelings of love for her family and what is the best for the empire , rather than what i gather is the historical feeling - that tzu hsi was some sort of evil spider spinning schemes from the center of her web in forbidden city . through all the machinations and years she is aided by jung lu , her former betrothed and the love of her life . the dowager empress has the ultimate power , but buck shows she is a servant of the opinions of her court advisors and in reality only rules the eunuchs and court ladies in the forbidden city . she is a relic of the past in a time of great change and cultural upheaval in china , when it is besieged by western nations and ideas . the infamous boxer rebellion is the beginning of the end for tzu hsi , and she loses her spirit and resolve after this defeat and the death of her beloved jung lu .
pick up most any hit record beginning in the late 1940s , especially any recording done with atlantic records , and you will likely see that one tom dowd was the producer or recording engineer . in this loving tribute to dowd , who died october <NUM> , <NUM> before the film was finished , those inside the guild honor the memory of one whom they universally acknowledge was a legendary genius and wonderful human being . in his younger years dowd was a physics student at columbia , and even worked on the atom bomb project ( he was present at the bikini atoll tests ) , but his mother was an opera singer and perhaps he was destined for music . dowd was a master technical innovator , musical aesthete , coach , father figure , and psychologist . he himself narrates most of the film , but we are also treated to original concert footage ( otis redding , aretha franklin , etc . ) and retrospective interviews with a number of the stars whose sounds he perfected , including ray charles , eric clapton , and greg allman . the five minutes or so when dowd sits at a console and walks us through the thirty-year-old master copy of `` layla , '' starting with only the guitars and then adding the various parts until they pulse with that incredibly evocative sound that defined an era , interspersed with poignant reflections by clapton , are worth the entire film . one disappoint in this otherwise fascinating glimpse of the history of music recording since the late 1940s is that we learn nothing at all personal about dowd , and nothing at all about any weaknesses , failures , misjudgments , and the like , that would have made this entirely likable person even more richly human
every track on da cd is hott . itz a good cd to ride to at night & make love to . the girlz can sing their ass off . i really didnt know anything about these girls until <NUM> of my girls put me on to them & i have had their cd play-n ever since . like i said all the trackz are hott but my personal favorites are get up on it , surrender , & keep on . if you are think-n about get-n it-get it ... you 'll love it & if u dont something wrong wit your earz . not like-n this is like say-n <NUM> play is wack & u know everybody love <NUM> pla
bun b put together a great album . his flow and lyrics are always on point and he works well with the majority of his guest appearances . if anyone has something bad to say about bun b or pimp c or ugk , you do n't know real southern rap . the only thing that will become better than this is when bun b and pimp c release that new ugk album ! top tracks : get throwed draped up , drap up h-town remix who need a b trill recognize trill i 'm fresh pushin '
my son who is <NUM> yrs old received this for christmas . he is able to read quite well on his own but he really enjoys listening to the stories . sometimes he will read along with the book and this helps with word recognition and other times he 'll listen to the cd at bedtime . we plan on using them on a future car trip which will be something great to help pass the time
i bought 'on land ' this afternoon and have been playing it constantly -- it 's been round about six or seven times already . the first time , it sounded utterly familiar , like music i 'd heard a long time ago and forgotten . every time since , it sounds different and new . i already had 'music for airports ' and 'plateaux of mirror ' ( with harold budd ) , but 'on land ' has convinced me that eno is , without exaggeration or qualification , a great artist . even his liner notes are intelligent without being pretentious , a rare achievement for a musician ! although very superficially similar , it does n't take long to realize that eno 's ambient works are a world away from the lazy , sonically unadventurous tinklings of countless 'new age ' pieces ( many of which were probably inspired by eno , unfortunately ) . in 'on land ' every sound is meticulously placed , every treatment thoughtful and , needless to say , beautifully produced . moving away from the idea of 'performable ' music towards pure studio recordings allows a degree of control -- crucially , control of tonal contour and spatial organisation -- that makes these tracks more like aural sculptures than music . that 's probably why they sound so different on different systems , in different rooms , at different angles from the sound source etc . if that makes it sound like an academic exercise , be aware that this is also a very emotional record -- although the emotions communicated are usually obscure , ineffable , almost impalpable . whereas some of eno 's other ambient works are explicitly not to be listened to directly , i ca n't help feeling that 'on land ' demands more focused attention . it will certainly repay ; after just a few hours , it already feels like one of my favourite records
a must buy just for the cd with these truly inspirational mixes to rock out with . i play this cd over & over & always love how maynard 's lyrics move & inspire me . r
i love these types of movies , b/c all of the reviews on this page are very thoughtful and interesting . i agree with most everything , but the one thing that keeps popping up that i do disagree with is the idea that the characters are totally unlikable . i personally find the characters extremely sympathetic . these people are all in incredible pain . they are miserable . not one single character is happy . they are all trying to medicate their pain , oblivious to the fact that the love they are all seeking is within arms reach , yet they step on each other to `` get theirs '' to such an extent that by the end no one is happy . yes , may is an incredibly bad mother , but she has been a shell of a person her entire life , with practically no joy whatsoever . ditto for the others . how in the world are these not sympathetic characters ? i have a lot of love in my life . of course i sympathize with those who have none .
i like having sporting events on dvd vs. vhs . quality of this one is good . do n't expect too many 'extra ' features . if you want a good recap of the <NUM> masters , this will do . the post tournament conference with tiger is pretty interesting too to watch
i liked the stories and thought they were entertaining and erotic , but i think they could have gone a little further into true eroticism , and less further into simple vulgarity.it 's not often that i like every story in any book with several , but that 's just what happened with this book . i really did enjoy each and every story . it contains enough stories that at least several almost undoubtedly will hit with each reader . this book was great fun and never once even tried to convince me , the reader , that it was anything more than a collection of stories designed to excite and titillate . but this one remains my favorite.the book includes some really good writers too
this is a terrific book on several levels . first , just the love that these two women have for the people of afghanastan and the picture they paint of life under the taliban is interesting in and of itself . in places it reads like a thriller , especially when they are arrested and their daring rescue . finally , just the incredible faith that these women exhibited under such trying circumstances is an inspiration to me . not that they are perfect , and they are the first to admit they struggled at times in those dark hours in prison , even bickering among themselves at times . but in the end , their deep faith prevailed and a miracle occurred . i felt like i was with them before , during and after their imprisonment , and that is a tribute to the great writing of this book . and , by the way , much of the negatives reviews i 've read here sound a lot more like anti-christian bigotry then thoughtful criticisms . ignore them , and buy this inspirational , wonderful book
excellent , excellent , excellent ! i love this raw sound of the white stripes that does n't sacrifice the melody . jack shows he is one of the best rockers out there ( and meg , well , you got ta love meg ! ) . standout tracks are seven nation army ( which sounds like salvation army ) , ball and biscuit ( i love to crank up the solos ! ) , i just do n't know what to do with myself , you 've got her in your pocket , and even in the cold , cold heart ( you go meg ! ) . yes , the drums are choppy in places , but it works well with the white stripes and you got ta admit - there is no one else like them . they are original and are here to stay
reviewed by debra gaynor for reader views ( 10/06 ) from the moment i saw the cover of this book i knew that i would find pain within . the pain of a young man facing the abusive life he 's survived . `` emmy , the events we lived through taught me to be sure of nothing about other people . they taught me to expect danger around every corner . they taught me to understand that there are people in this world who mean you harm . and sometimes they 're people who say they love you . '' chillingly matt recounts the night he sneaked into the kitchen and took an oreo . his mother , nikki , held a knife to his throat and cut him , to teach him to never again steal . this is just one incident in the nightmare he calls childhood . matt 's father was gone but matt could n't blame him , after all he too was terrified of nikki . for a while murdoch seemed to offer some protect from their mother , but , he too found himself unable to cope with the destructive behavior of nikki . he cared but was it enough ? matt knew it was up to him . he knew he had to find a way to get his two sisters and himself away from , their mother , nikki , before she destroyed them all . matt turned to his father ben for help , but ben was too afraid of his former wife to rescue his own children . this is the story of a brother 's attempt to protect his younger sister from their abusive mother . the story is told in the format of letters from matt to his dear sister , emmy , trying to explain and warn her about life with their abusive mother . `` as i sit here writing , part of me hopes that you go along happily your whole life and never need or want to know the details . '' this book is painful to read . but it should be read . there are many children facing the same situation and we , as society , must stop turning our backs on our precious children . this book is well written . the type is large enough for tired eyes to easily read it . the characters are so real that you cry for them . i found myself wanting to snatch them from their mother 's insane antics and give them safety . i highly recommend `` rules of survival '' for older youth and adults .
this set of articles , originally written for magazines and catlalogues , is one of the most eloquent collections of mountain writing i 've yet come upon . the book is divided up into chapters such as 'climbing with style ' , which features articles about `` the whole art of natural protection '' written at the the start of the clean climbing revolution , and 'further aborad ' which includes the authors account of a climb on ama dablam . one of the features i most enoyed about the book was the introductions to various historical figures such as smoke blanchard and royal robbins . and the memoir style accounts of what it was like for a small band of climbers to live in the mountains away from civilization getting their kicks out of the `` simple joys '' and living in bare subsistence , long before climbing turned into the popular sport which it might be called today . doug robinson is well qualified to write what he does , and his style is nice and clear without being base . most of it is written in an autobiographical style , dealing with developments on the climbing and skiing scene for wenty odd years . if you are partial to a bit of dharma bums then get this book . also anyone interested in the history of the sierra nevada
bukowski writes so well in such an easy to read style that it is hard to put the book down . so i ended up reading this book in about a week . i 'm reading ham on rye now and it 's the same thing , addicting . you ca n't put the darn thing down because you want to see what happens next . he 's like a print version of a reality-show .
year after year i wonder how koontz can continue to keep his writing fresh and entertaining . i worry that he will become like many other authors and become predictable and boring . happily- this has not happened to koontz . his last several books have only gotten better for me , i have a hard time putting them down ! life expectancy starts off with a very interesting premise : jimmy tock 's grandfather made a prediction on his deathbed the same day jimmy was born , listing <NUM> terrible days in jimmys future . thus , the book begins and we are along for the ride to see what each of these <NUM> days hold in store for him and his family . because the characters in this book are so enjoyable and loveable ( as most of koontz 's characters are ! ) i found myself in anticipation really hoping that these days would n't destroy them ... other stand out features of this book : not predictable at all- from start to finish . the ending was especially great in proving this point , as well as just great in general ! it was pretty fast-paced and kept the pages turning and did not leave me bored for a chapter . the uniqueness of the story as well as the quirkiness . lastly , to reiterate , the characters ! ! koontz really goes above and beyond most authors i read ( and i read a lot ) in creating not only fun , unique and loveable characters- but they are also very memorable ! it 's not often i can remember characters from a book in much detail , but koontz has such a gift that i can recall many , many of his characters and always find myself sad when their story ends . i think that is the sign of an exceptional writer
this is a perfect example of modern heavy metal . after realeasing their first album in <NUM> and gaining a small cult following , system of a down broke through to the mainstream with toxicity , an album even crazier than it 's predecessor , with tricky time-changes , funky drum patterns , fast guitar riffs with odd tunings , and politcal lyrics sung in such a way that it almost makes light of the world 's problems . where their first album is heavier , this one is more complex . you can find yourself in a groove , only to have it change , and seconds later have it change again . there are lots of mosh-worthy moments , and parts that sound almost middle-eastern due to daron 's style and unique tuning . this album takes a while to get used to , it changes quickly and frequently . john is an amazing drummer and i feel he is too overlooked and does n't get the recognition he deserves . the lyrics have a purpose , at times they will make you think , and at times they will make you laugh . these guys are serious , but do n't take themselves too seriously . in my opinion this is their best work and is a must-own for any sytem fan or metalhead in general , though it may be a little too crazy for some people . system of a down on this album is : serj tankian - lead vocals , keyboards , string arrangements daron malakian - guitars , backup vocals shavo odadjian - bass , vocals john dolmayan - drum
when i have a question about quilting techniques , this , and `` the quilter 's ultimate visual guide '' are the two references i go to find the answers . this book is so loaded with valuable information , which would benefit both the beginner and advanced quilter .
as an earlier review states , shepp tended to have some dead spots on his earlier releases . this on cooks from start to finish ( which includes two great tracks from his & quot ; kwanza & quot ; lp ) . the addition of piano makes this set his most accessable impulse cd . the piano reinforces the feeling of the blues which as always been present with shepp , but here there is no denying it . highlights include & quot ; frnkenstein & quot ; and & quot ; bakai. & quot
edwin tunis ' book recreating early colonial american life is one of teh best books on the subject , providing by illustration and written word a recreation of what life was like during the colonial period for early americans showing us their homes and their technology . a must have for anyone interested in this period .
when harry reser was n't leading the two best hot white jazz bands of the <NUM> 's , the six jumping jacks and the clicquot club eskimos , he was making these incredible banjo recordings . think of harry reser as the les paul of the <NUM> 's . his fingers were the fastest in the world and his technique was jaw dropping . he seems to playing chords and picking at the same time or is he playing two banjos at once ? this particular album will appeal more to guitarists and musicians than to those seeking twenties pop music . for those , grab the other harry reser albums on amazon
i first saw this film when it premiered back in the mid-fifties . i remember wondering why there were no white people in it . i was very young at the time and not living in the us and was not privee to the political climate here . i waited to see this film a second time and saw a 'cut up ' version on tv in the <NUM> 's . despite its condition and the breaks for mindless commercials , the film was still entertaining and carmen was dazzling . the film seemed to 'disappear ' after that until the <NUM> 's when i saw a showing at the public theatre in new york city - bless mr. papp for screeing it . over the years , i have seen many operas and now know how 'grand opera ' is presented . still , i think that this is a valant effort and is worth seeing . the lyrics are great and worthy of the music . ms dainbridge remains excellent as carmen and was certainly was sexy , as carmen should be - unlike so many that have played the part in grand opera ! one can sympathize with the young soldier going awal . the one oddity is hearing someone else 's voice coming from harry belefonte 's mouth . this film is definitely worth seeing
don '' t waste anymore time in reading reviews . go and get this album
while not as breathtaking as kurkov 's orginal `` death and the penguin '' , this sequel was still highly amusing and captivating . after viktor abandons his pet penguin to save himself at the end of the last novel , `` penguin lost '' picks up with viktor trying to make ammends for his earlier actions . a great book , but you should read `` death and the penguin '' first , if you want to follow the plot
a fun movie all around ! winona ryder and ethan hawke are definately the standout stars ! eventhough it 's basically a romance movie it still rocks the house ! i looooove the gen x <NUM> 's feeling it has to it . it really took me back . lalaine 's desire to hustle money was a great learning lesson , too . i also think that she picked the best one in the end . but , the best thing about reality bites is it 's great filming location . h-town ! makes me sooooo proud to be from here
this is actually a well plotted , scary horror film . the opening credits of children singing while a camera roles through a dark corn field tells you that your in for a treat . it starts out when a group of foster parents are found badly decayed in a celler . now , the cult of evil children are up for addoption ! with satanic plans on there minds , they must be stopped soon before another massacre of adults befalls the isollated town . when elders who know of the evil inside the children speak up the children go on a mission to convert any new child in the area , and kill any adults who get in their path . can a boy and his father stop them before they reach their goal ? featuring great effects and scary suspence .
if you like this album , if you like the title track , it might inspire a few hard core fans to know that the original inspiration for both the name of the band , and especially the title track , is the masterpiece of a western , `` bad company '' - <NUM> . the whole piano instrumental is practically lifted from the film 's soundtrack , by `` fantasticks '' harvey schmidt . the song is a very haunting one which was a bit of an enigma for me until i saw the film itself . it stars barry brown and jeff bridges . it 's worthwhile for not only western fans of every considerable imagination , but to fans of the band itself , to help make the song more meaningful , as it has for me ! ! i highly recommend them both
jeff golub and his crew have got a relaxed and polished style- in the light jazz vein of say bob james or the & quot ; crusaders & quot ; they move from funky tunes , thru soulful ballads and on to rousing infectious uptempo grooves . this is really enjoyable instrumental work , familar but never hackneyed . the musicianship is exemplary , tight and inspired throughout . i 'd put this disc in my top ten of the past three years- highly reccomended
matt gaffney is one of only a dozen or so people in the u.s. who makes a living as a freelance crossword puzzle constructor . it 's not easy and there 's a lot of competition . the pay per puzzle is low and it takes hours to construct a quality puzzle . how does he do it ? the same way any freelancer does it . he works his butt off . after creating some of the best puzzles around , he finds new markets , cultivates old markets , networks , looks for new angles , and acts as his own bill collector . his latest angle is gridlock , an entertaining book about the crossword puzzle business and the eccentric people who populate it . gridlock is a somewhat unstructured , but fun look at the crossword world from the viewpoint of a constructor . previous crossword books have profiled constructors ( the crossword obsession ) , told how to construct crosswords ( the puzzlemaker 's handbook ) , or told of life as a crossword solver ( crossworld ) . as far as i know , this is the first look from the constructor 's point of view . gaffney takes us behind the scenes at the annual crossword puzzle tournament . he tells us how he came to be a crossword constructor , how he nearly had to give up freelancing and get a real job , and what saved him from that awful fate . he describes what goes into the construction of a puzzle ( it 's more interesting than you might imagine ) , and tackles the computer vs. human constructor debate . he finishes up with a profile of puzzlemaker and noted recluse henry hook . with that final chapter , it 's apparent that if gaffney ever runs out of work as a crossword constructor ( is sudoku a passing fad or something more sinister ? ) , he 'll be able to make a career as a more traditional freelance writer
there is a lot of screaming headbanging music out there . it is hard to sort them out . bury your dead delivers brutal riffs with great growling vocals . if you like music with punch , this one is for you . i would love to see these guys with throwdown . yikes
the collaboration of rebecca m. blank ( dean of the gerald r.fordschool of public policy and professor of economics , university of michigan ) and william mcgurn ( chief editorial writer , wall street journal ) , is the market moral ? : a dialogue on religion , economics & amp ; justice is a literate discussion of serious issues of economic equality , efficiency , productivity , and social justice . the contrasting views of two strong-willed , intelligent , faithful , and astutely reasoned individuals - one a & quot ; cultural protestant & quot ; , the other a roman catholic , both concerned with issues of morality and human feedom to choose as surely as technical problems of supply and demand . add in drastic changes wrought by increased globalization in today 's world , and the evaluations followed by direct and personally addressed rebuttals in is the market moral ? take on an ever-growing sense of direct contemporary relevance , even urgency
rosewell high is any ordinary high school , but the only thing is that you do n't know what 's really happening . there are <NUM> caracters theire names are max , liz , maria , alex , michael , kyle , sherif valenti , and isabel . max , liz , maria , isabel , michael , sherif valenti are the main main caracters . max always liked liz and when she was shoot in the stomach max healed her and she thought she was going to die and he told her to lie and she did and after she went to his house and she asked him how and he told her he was an alien and she freaked out . so he thinks she hates him until later . liz never liked him but wounce she found out she found this urge to just fall in love with him and do everything to save his life . max , isabel , micheal , and maria are all aliens and hopes that liz dosent tell sherif valenti about theire discovery.i would really recommend this book to all ages
the average number of stars should be & quot ; <NUM> & quot ;
break down and burn your fence for this one . it is worth the fumes . i was living in a place in tucson for this release and we burnt the whole fence down
my three year old son loves this book and anticipates the text
such a raw account of the people and destruction of new orleans from huricane katrina . done extremely well and touches on areas that i was n't aware of . personal accounts from the people who went through the hurricane and footage i have never seen . had to own it after i saw it - an excellent unbiased record of history
it has been some years since this one hit the shelves , but it is non the worse for wear . actually , i have to agree with another reviewer in that i too , feel this is one of wambaugh 's best . a true sory , brought to light in a very readable story like format . it is rather unforgetable . the author does a very good job of not only telling us a story ( wambaugh is , after all , first and formost a great story teller ) , but gives us great insight into the thoughts and motivations of the killers . he gives us a wonderful profile of the oung officer who survived this horrible crime . i can not in all truth say it is as good as `` in cold blood , '' but it comes pretty close to the mark . recommend this one highly .
if it has the name edwin mccain on it , trust me its a great product to buy . the songs he writes are heart felt and true to every drop of ink used to write them with ..
while prior reviews have criticized mr. roosevelt 's writing style , and justly so , he never claimed in the book to be a novelist by trade . but his description of the way the military operated before the turn of the century is very insightful into a time long gone which will never return . today , there is no way the us military would accept civilian volunteers with only <NUM> days training to fight on the front lines against battle hardened soldiers from spain or anywhere else . to fully appreciate this book , you need to read it in context of that changing time between the civil war and ww-i . indeed , the way the us military accepted back into its ranks former confederate officers was almost a shock to read , but understandable given the desire for the nation to heal its wounds after the civil war . for those individuals who appreciate learning history from participants instead of modern , revisionist historians who have never spent a day in the military , i would highly recommend this book . this book is one i 'll read again
the eurythmics fifth album entitled `` revenge '' finds the lennox/stewert duo completing their journey from the new wave of their early days and the more r & b/soul of their previous album `` be yourself tonight '' into a near total rock/pop sound . it was unfortunately where the eurythmics commercial run started to wind down . that 's not to say that this is a decline . not at all . even though a good majority of the songs fall into the category of typical mid-1980s rock and pop , there are many standout songs that make this a wonderful illustrious release from this duo . the famous hit song `` missionary man '' is my favorite eurythmics song ever . the lyrics are among my favorite that annie has ever written . other great songs include `` the first time '' with it 's excellent and bizarre guitar effects as well as the fifth track . the bonus tracks are very good but the remix of `` missionary man '' is a bit overstretched .
based on property right arrangements , henry hansmann proposed in his <NUM> book an organizational classification covering most of organizations under the system of private property . with the postulate of cost minimization , he demonstrates convincingly how various kinds of organizations can be placed into the analytical framework of economics . in my opinion , this organizational theory needs only some slight extension to become a comprehensive one that includes all organizations under the private property system . with this extended viewpoint , all seemingly complicated issues of organizations can be placed into a unified and systematic framework of analysis . this is the power and beauty of his organizational theory . my opinion is that henry hansmann has made path-breaking contribution in the study of this filed , following r. coase , a. alchian , and s. cheung
japanese singing is cool to listen to . it is an elegant language that sounds really good in combination with the synthesized pop style .. ( not synth pop mind you , but keyboard drums and all ) . i am sure that if it were done in english , i would look at it the same way i look at britney spears ...
my piano teacher first introduced me to pilates and i do some kind of pilates workout almost every day now . i absolutely love to do pilates , unlike regular exercise . ( i do not love to exercise . no running , no weight lifting , no biking , ect . ) i never felt the need to exercise because i am small and naturally very thin , but i started to realize that even though i 'm thin , i was not very strong and in terrible shape . i started to do the exercises on the beginners dvd and it was much harder than i expected . i woke up the next day with sore muscles ! after a time , my abs started to get stronger and my awareness of what was going on in my body and the way i was breathing was much more alert . i also really like the alternate workout - the 'energy boost ' - a fifteen minutes energy workout . it is absolutely perfect for days when i have a lot going on , or if i just do n't feel like doing pilates for an hour . i can just do the quick workout , and i 'm set for the day . now i 'm hooked on pilates and although i 'm sad to say it is the only exercise i do , at least i 'm in better shape than i was
`` morning view '' in my opinion is the most different album by incubus . their traditional sound lies within rock , hard rock , etc . but this album is the one with the most chilled-out songs on it . that is one of the reasons for this being my favorite incubus album : its originality . mind you ... if you like this album , do n't attain the mindset of `` omg if i like this one i 'll like their other albums too ! '' it does n't work that way ; incubus ' other releases are nothing like this , with the exception of a few songs . and now ... let 's move on to the song review . nice to know you -- a nice opening song . i like the lyrics a lot , and the constant transission between heavy rock and slow beats gives the song a good rhythm . 8.5/10 circles -- probably the one song on `` morning view '' that is most like incubus ' other albums . the guitar in the background is especially cool . the chorus is also nice , and the lyrics really stay true to the song title . 8/10 wish you were here -- my favorite song on this cd by far . the guitar riffs in this song are the greatest on the whole album . the chorus is also very amazing , and so are the lyrics . quite possibly a perfect song . 10/10 just a phase -- probably the song with the mose meaningful lyrics on the album . it starts off as an easy-going song with no lyrics and a catchy , steady beat and then is joined by powerful lyrics that have to do with going through a typical phase and how annoying it is to go through something like that . 9/10 <NUM> a.m. -- a song with a mixture of incubus ' rock and the slow beats on this cd . this track acts as a bridge between the other albums and this album , in my opinion . 8.5/10 blood on the ground -- like circles , this track is like incubus ' songs from other albums . not only that , but this song 's lyrics are meaningful as well . it portrays getting in fights , but not saying anything to the other person ( hence `` blood in my mouth beats blood on the ground '' ) . 8/10 mexico -- the slowest song on here by far . this is such a big step for incubus , because as far as i can tell , they have never done anything like this before . this is why they are such an excellent band : they take risks by exploring other genres , and they do a good job at it too . 8.5/10 warning -- my second favorite track on the whole album . i dunno why , but it is excellent . the vocals and lyrics are the best here . especially the nice-sounding bit in which the vocals go `` we 'll make millions writing a book on the way it should have been . '' parts of this song like this one portray a great range in the vocals , which is why this is such a great song . 9.5/10 echo -- my favorite slow song . the vocals sound very nice , especially the chorus . the chorus alone is a reason to listen to this track over and over again . 9/10 have you ever -- not one of my personal favorites , but still a good track . it resembles a lot of other incubus songs on the other albums as well . this song is basically about putting yourself in someone else 's position before you judge them . 8/10 are you in ? -- the most pop-like song on the album . i was surprised and happy to hear this song . again : incubus is awesome at experimenting with new songs , and i must say , this one came out nicely . 9/10 under my umbrella -- also a lot like their other songs on albums such as `` make yourself . '' but the beginning vocals ( `` when i close my eyes ... '' ) sound awesome , and so does the main singing . overall , a good track . 8.5/10 aqueous transmission -- the most unique song ever done by incubus ever . it includes instruments they 've never used before , such as a japanese flute . it has a `` crouching-tiger , hidden-dragon '' feel to it , and it is enjoyable even for the sole reason that it is different from the rest of the songs . the vocals are also great . 9/10 overall score : <NUM> stars . this is definitely the most unique , most laid-back album by incubus . it shows a lot of very successful experimentation as well . i dunno what all this `` selling out '' talk is , but you should definitely buy this album . it is much different from the other albums , and still manages to be one of incubus ' best albums
this is not a film of realism , but one of symbolic significance that perhaps only an acute observer of russian culture would understand ( russian or non ) -- not to say that you could not watch the film and think that it is about abandonment , societal coldness , or irrational revenge , which it is on the surface . but if you go on here writing a bad review because perhaps you rented it for $ <NUM> on netflix and it ruined your evening then i would suggest that you stick with the stroll ( progulka ) or something equally engaging that gives you a taste for modern russia . brave directors take chances , and that is why they are the best , but sometimes at the expense of a mainstream audience . most people on this side of the world are much too spoiled and naive to be able to grasp the horrors of having your world and everything you believe in turned upside down again and again and again until you have nothing to hold but the earth itself . no one blames you for that , and i really have no idea why you would buy this movie anyway , unless you simply love the beautiful cinematography . sometimes movies do fail to make a point , but this is not one of them in my view . basically , if you buy this film without watching it first then you are asking for trouble . trust no one and make up your own mind by renting it first . do not form presumptions because you like foreign movies or because you are a tarkovsky fan . i would say that tarkovsky is an influence on zvyagintsev , but zvyagintsev has his own ideas of what a film should do . modern russia , free russia , is full of surprises . this is not a digital camera , you know . you have the unique opportunity to try it first before you buy . amazon reviews are at you disposal . make your decision . rent it and then buy it ... or do not . why discourage others who have not had the chance to view it themselves ? do not give into big brother . we are a democracy and we are strong . think and evolve .
one of my favorite albums ever . i 've had it for years and still love it . teenager of the year is also good
reminds me of richard bissell 's novel `` say , darling , '' a witty send-up of the process of launching a broadway musical suspiciously resembling `` the pajama game . '' woody allen 's vision here takes on an interface of commercial theatre , runyonesque gangsters ( though closer to the sopranos than `` guys and dolls '' ) and greenwich village intellectuals ( think about dave van ronk reminiscing about the san remo in scorsese 's `` no direction home '' or the lighter side of `` reds. '' ) . the john cusack character is how barton fink might have turned out if he had n't gone to hollywood .
if you are a he-man fan then you will love the x-mas special . this is one of the best he-man 's yet
i 've seen all <NUM> cube movies , and although this is not the best of the <NUM> it is a good movie . the theory behind a hypercube ( yes they exisit in mathematical theory ) is accurate and suprisingly all the equations that are written out are acutal formule and equations for hypercubes . and that adds to this movies mystique . true the 1st movie was far better . this movie explores more about the charactes though . each character had either was connected with the hypercube or was placed in it for a specific task
i 'm not a golfing buff , but found the story and golf very good . i enjoyed this movie very much
finally ! the boxed set we 've all been waiting for . lenny bruce was , no question about it , the greatest stand-up comic of all time . he stood alone and unafraid , holding up a mirror to the face of a sick , hypocrtical society that did n't like what was reflected . for this he payed the ultimate price . i 'm not <NUM> percent crazy about this collection . for the lenny bruce collector there will be disappointments in light of the fact that some of the material has been released before . the booklet that comes with it also contains some eye-popping errors of fact . still , it has alot of pleasant surprises and i reccomend it to anyone who is discovering the genius of lenny bruce for the first time . he once said , `` people should be taught what is , not what should be . all my humor is based on destruction and despair and tomorrow , if the world became tranquil without disease or violence , i 'd be standing on the breadline - right behind j. edgar hoover and jonah salk '' he spoke to us then ; he speaks to us still . tom degan goshen , ny
brian does a great job of thoughtfully and logically addressing basic questions that people face then trying to navigate the maze of `` spirituality '' in our culture . like the c. s. lewis classic `` mere christianity '' which is quoted often in the book it does not attempt supply all of the answers the `` life the universe and everything '' but offers thought provoking logical arguments for meaningful faith in a real god . his conversational style is easy to read and the arguments are compelling . i highly recommend it no matter where you may be on your spiritual journey
believe it ! ... this is a great video . brainy baby just seems to really know how to connect with children when it comes to teaching . the lady who gave this a one star and wrote a book about her feelings , is a bit over the top and has way too much time on her hands . we also homeschool our children and found that this video really helped them when they were younger to learn the alphabet . remember , this is a preschool video ! your children are being introduced to learning situations , not studying for a college exam ! we have found that all the brainy baby videos are top quality and do an excellent job of teaching . our boys knew the entire upper /lower case and all the letter sounds around 16-18 months ! it was amazing and i know that these videos played a big part in that . i am also impressed that all of their videos have a very specific educational outline that all my teacher friends say is excellent for teaching preschoolers . after doing a little research , i found a little known fact that it was brainy baby that created the first set of `` infant-preschool '' videos over <NUM> years ago ( way before the einstein series ) . so , that really gave me confidence that the producers at brainy baby really had the experience and track record . my advice , i do n't see how you could go wrong for a mere $ <NUM> investment in your child 's future . i own all of them and wish brainy baby would make more !
lord jim is the story of an ordinary man who commits what may or may not be an act of cowardice and spends the rest of his life trying to atone for his sin . what makes this story extraordinary is the difficulty the reader has assessing the nature of the original act and then judging whether jim has been punished enough . joseph conrad does not make it easy to gauge accurately either the man or his act since we can see the act filtered only through the lens of a narrator who is too close to the case to be judged reliable . lord jim is a novel of adventure and many read it on that basis , but lurking beneath the surface of a simple act is , as in so much of conrad 's fiction , a bewildering complexity of issues that tap into the deepest recesses of why people do what they do and how others can fairly judge them . marlow is the narrator who attends the trial of a crewman jim accused of abandoning his ship during a storm when he thought it was sinking . when all the ship 's officers leap into a lifeboat they abandon the more than eight hundred passengers below decks . jim joins them , and all are later picked up by a french trawler only to learn that their ship did not sink and in fact was safely towed to port . all the officers , except jim , escape punishment either by running away or pleading illness . only jim decides to speak out publicly in his defense , but of course there is none , so he is found guilty and stripped of his seaman 's certificate as punishment . marlow sees the trial and decides to follow jim around the world to get the truth . these are the bald facts , but what conrad does with them is to invest them with emotional and psychological issues that resist easy analysis . to begin with , conrad emphasizes jim 's ordinary state of being , by repeating that jim is `` one of us . '' this statement occurs so often that it becomes a mantra , inviting speculation as to what sense he is one of us . whoever the `` us '' is , conrad implies that the `` us '' must have had a standard of justice in which one size fits all . no one at the board of inquiry seems particularly upset that jim was merely following the captain 's orders to abandon ship nor that his record was otherwise flawless . the board judged jim by an inflexible code of honor and found him wanting . conrad , in his description of jim as a maritime everyman ( no first name , a flat character who no past , present , and now no future ) , makes it easy to condemn the board 's overhasty verdict to condemn jim for an act that had mitigating circumstances . as marlow gets to know jim , he acknowledges that the more he knows , the less he understands . conrad sets up a straw man in jim . because so many people , including marlow , hold jim under so many lenses , the images that result are often contradictory . the only constant is jim himself . during the trial , and later during the climactic encounter with the natives who call him lord jim , jim continues to attempt to see himself in the simplest manner possible . he knows that he can not possibly be all the jims floating on everyone 's lips , so he determines to be the jim who should have stayed on board the deck of a sinking ship . this jim is willing to take responsibility for his actions . when he unwisely allows the dastardly gentleman brown to escape his richly deserved fate , he makes a colossal leap of faith : he will pay now for all sins of his past . in his death , conrad suggests that this leap of faith may be the only trait that distinguishes reprobates like brown from ordinary men like jim who may not be so ordinary after all .
listeners familiar with smile cd are aware that it 's brian wilson 's vindication as one of few genuine artists to emerge from popular music phenomenon called ( blues had a baby and they named it ... ) rock'n'roll . after transcending fun/fun/fun epoch of the beach boys ( perhaps america 's greatest touring group ) wilson 's pet sounds legend began.good vibrations promised emergence of stellar american composer to match copeland , gershwin and berstein.then came relatively brief era ( ars gratias guitarists ) of flash guitar soloists [ hendrix ; clapton ; beck ; page ; santana ; ending with knopfler~roger mcguinn -- like dylan -- remains poet minstrel , no mere axeman . ] where wilson 's work was dismissed as `` kid stuff '' .few musicians recognized brian wilson had transformed the recording studio into an instrument of '' infinite '' possiblity ; and had employed magnificent vocal and instrumental harmonic layering in radical fashion unappreciated and inimitable . ( with writers like van dyke parks he began constructing worthy lyric-literature . ) psychotic crash came.drugs ; intra-battles with dad , mike love & capital quenched the creative wick ; wilson seemed destined to remain beach `` boy '' para-gone . hints found in hymns like 'til i die brought a new legion of listeners and musicians ( the wondermints ) to the rescue.the rest is history.his wife melinda and men like darian sahanaja and jeffrey foskett brought brian & his music back to life culminating in smile . it 's experience to challenge listeners and reward all but the most close minded . in this dvd video even the skeptical can enjoy a performance of popular music to rival classical works of by-gone masters transcending `` the concert '' show as art.you do n't have to like it , but you must admire its verve and joyeous daring . reviewers have discussed the dvd package ; extras ; and techinical quality.unconvinced might recall observation by dylan regarding brian wilson 's deafness in one ear : `` he should donate the good one to the smithsonian . `` smile~dvd is triumph of musicianship , techno-artistry and heart.amidst dreck commonly applauded ( in lit . -- cf : da vinci code -- music ; film ; painting ) this `` road-not-taken '' of accessible , wondefully happy music is ars populi to make all but most jaded pseudos smile .
john wayne , a legendary hero . this box set has some good movies , i really liked the westerns , but the rest of the movies i did n't care for . unless you 're really into john wayne this might be one box set you may want to rent rather than buy .
phil bolger is the only boat architect i know who readily admits mistakes . this makes this book the best book about boats one can read . only mistakes lead to experience . it is incredible how much you learn and how it changes ones opinion about how a boat should look . especially those designing themselves will greatly appreciate all the ideas , ranging from novel to strange . this is one of the few books on boat-design which i have actually read from start till end
i do n't really write reviews but i wanted to throw in here that this is a great album , because there are so few reviews of it . if you liked his first you will like this to ; i do n't find either one any better or worse . also , watching that video they 've got on this amazon page , he seems to be pretty great live . but really , there 's not much else to say : if you liked his first , you wo n't be disappointed by this one .
stormy weather was the first hiaasen novel i read . i picked up a paperback copy at a remainder sale . never heard the name of the guy and did n't expect much ; but it was cheap , and so ... boy , was i wrong ! since then i have made sure that i read every hiaasen in and out of print , and i 'm about to catch up on some of his real old stuff . his writings opened up the world of the writers and the universe of that nook of america called 'florida ' , which is about as whacky and demented as it comes . actually , i 've _been_ to florida , though not down to the keys ; but it 's amazing what you miss when you basically just pass through or dip in and out of it . no wonder piers anthony used it as the setting for a bunch his , firmly tongue-in-cheek , fantasy novels . stormy weather , to get back to the subject , piled on charcaters i 'll never be likely to forget , from the skull-juggling augustine to the simply impossible 'skink ' . a never-ending litany of ascerbically presented character sketches and hiaasen 's usual -- entirely justified ! -- tirade and caricature of venal politicians , environmental rape and greed ; plus some truly and honestly _stupid_ people . fun and games and i never looked back . there are other 'florida ' writers i 've come to like , especially james hall and laurence shames . depending on my mood , i sometimes like them better than hiaasen , especially laurence shames . all three of them offer different perspectives on life in and beyond that strange place called 'florida ' . as i said , it depends on my mood . hiaasen usually ends up at the top when i 'm in a 'south park ' disposition ; needing satire with heart . and i need some more of that now and soon and please ! till noever , owlglass.co
i have been waiting a long time for a decent gallagher dvd to be released , but it has been worth the wait . this compilation contains <NUM> full length gallagher concerts including : disc <NUM> `` mad as hell '' `` two real '' `` stuck in the <NUM> 's '' `` the maddest '' disc <NUM> `` melon crazy '' `` over your head '' `` the bookkeeper '' `` overboard '' disc <NUM> `` we need a hero '' `` messin ' up texas '' `` an uncensored evening '' these all appear to be unedited and uncut since there original airing . i used to catch these concerts re-aired on comedy central on saturday mornings but have not seen them for about <NUM> years . i am so happy that they finally released this great collection of gallagher works ... his comedy has already stood the test of time for over <NUM> years , and with this dvd , gallagher can be introduced to new audiences and remembered by his fans . there are also <NUM> `` best of gallagher '' dvd 's that have been released , and i am wondering if they are just highlights from the <NUM> concerts contained on this `` smashing watermelon collection '' or if they have different material on them . hopefully someone will review them soon . if you like gallagher , i am sure you will buy this collection ... but even if you just like comedy , you should get this in order to realize just how smart and funny gallagher really is and you will discover how much influence he has had on many other comedians .
i 'm a huge clint eastwood fan , and i enjoy watching and discussing his deep , dark movies like & quot ; the beguiled & quot ; and & quot ; unforgiven. & quot ; but my guilty secret is : whenever & quot ; any which way you can & quot ; show up on cable tv , i get a big goofy grin on my face , drop everything i 'm doing , and watch it . i realize this film is an acquired taste , but i * love * it . it 's my redneck roots coming out . the overage bikers , clyde the orangutang , william smith , crazy old ruth gordon , geoffrey lewis , clint crooning with ray charles on the soundtrack , even sondra locke 's singing and acting ( which comes off as enjoyably campy in this context ) -- it 's all great ! and i love the message of & quot ; we rustic rural types are just as interesting as anybody else & quot ; ( because these * are * my people , as i 've said . ) i do n't think eastwood has made a more enjoyable movie
i saw this book in a store for about $ 2.50 and thought to myself what could it hurt to purchase `` you can make it happen '' . well purchasing mr. graham 's book turned me around to the point that i see my vision for the future and what it has to offer me . i started by purchasing a day planner and already positive results have come into my life along with some positive thinking people . there are still many areas in my life that need to grow and improve , but we have to start somewhere . i would like to thank mr. graham for giving me the blueprint to success
this is one of my least favorite bellow novels . but because it is bellow it has a lot worth reading in it . his thoughts about society and culture may not always be exactly on the mark , but they usually stimulate and inspire . in this novel the hero is a bit less sympathetic than many of his other main characters . henderson , herzog , humboldt , sammler , augie march have vivacity and life that dean corde does not . the dean 's wife too falls short of bellow 's livelier and more appealing feminine creations , for instance the ramona and madelaine of herzog . so too the whole spirit of the work has about it a pessimism and bleakness which contrast strongly with that of augie march , and henderson , and even in its way , herzog . this book is really a winter book , and it has coldness and dying in it . and it has the oppression of the communist iron curtain world in romania , and the depression of chicago 's most beaten and desperate streets . the characters and the story seem less alive than the ideas . again this is not one of his best . far from it . but it is bellow and because of that a worthwhile read .
bow wow wow is not a household name , they charted once in the usa with `` i want candy '' ( top <NUM> ) , and released only <NUM> proper albums ... their sound is tribal , the lead singer annabella often yelps to percussive drumming and throbbing bass , the mixture yields many great tunes , but it can take getting used to , as it did for me , i was not a fan untill much listening ... if you do n't know a lot of the group 's songs , i suggest listening to as many <NUM> second samples as possible to get a feeling of whether this stuff is digestible ... most of the songs here are first-rate , i particularly love `` tv savage '' , `` golly golly go buddy ! '' and `` louis qatorze '' , along with annabella 's solo turn `` fever '' .... if you want to explore further , i suggest the cd `` girl bites dog : your compact disc pet '' to round out your collection , it includes more gems , such as `` sexy effiel tower '' ( where <NUM> year-old annabella pants orgasmically ... and more authentically than donna summer ) and `` radio g string '' , as well as <NUM> cuts from this cd in different versions ; but begin here , and do n't go further unless you adore this cd ....
the group of dancing fantasy , blue knights , red knights are together .looking for the cd os straight from the heart to complete the whole collection of the group .
ms. peirce has written a well organized approach to seeing your intution as a valuable tool , not just a once-in-a-while whimsy . a trained intuitive herself , penney peirce is full of encouragement as well as clearly laid out exercises to allow one to hone their intuitive skills and incorporate the benefits into daily life . i would recommend this book to those embarking on their first inward journey ( no matter at what age ! ) . there are abundant benefits to the practice she outlines in this honest and heart-felt presentation . again , asking that question of mastery : how do you get to carnegie hall ? practice
it appears the the release of previously secret information from world war ii will never end . in this book , the authors have examined the files of the british air intelligence ( ai ) for every scrap of information they could find on every airplane that the germans had . then they organized this information so that each airplane has a chronological report of what the british learned , when , and from what source . the main sources are photo recon ( pr ) , prisoner interrogation , and examination of crashed planes . from a standpoint of studying the planes themselves , there are only a few tidbits of new data ( and some of the things that the brits learned were wrong and did n't show up until later ) . from the view of trying to see what the british were learning and how they learned it it is a fascinating piece of work . it gives an insight into how intelligence is gathered . it makes it much easier to understand about how big intelligence lapses ( pearl harbour , 9/11 ) can happen . a specialized book , but very interesting
i utilize this tape on those days that are n't scheduled `` off '' days but on which i really have a hard time gathering the oomph for my usual high intensity workouts . i do break a sweat , but i have dance experience and can embellish moves as needed . in general , i love dance but despise dance workouts , ( boring and often annoying ) , but this instructor is genuine and her choices and pacing are appropriate . further , she breaks the video down into mini-routines , so if you wanted to , you could memorize the routines and mix and match them to your own music , ( she provides counts - mostly <NUM> but some <NUM> & <NUM> - throughout the video ) . the background dancers have typical bodies rather than being ridiculously skinny with huge boobs , which is a nice change . finally , if you do not emphasize your core and hip movements , this workout will be much less effective , so if you have n't danced before and are n't used to posture and breathing , keep in mind that you will need to focus on using these muscles , or your moves will be too sloppy to provide a workout
this is a basic book on ayurveda , giving a great overview on its basic principles . anyone intersted on this subject should read it , and it is very suitable for beginners .
i love this cd set ! great selection of songs , guaranteed to get you on your feet and moving
this is a great debut album from a very talented canadian artist named amanda marshall . she 's had big success in canada , but not so much in the us . i do n't understand why that is , and if you listen to this cd i think you 'll agree with me . there was <NUM> big singles from this album , and even the non single tracks are awesome . the closing track `` promises '' is stunning and raw in emotion . `` let it rain '' was the first single and it 's definately a powerful song that resonates with listeners , a song about searching for redemption . `` dark horse '' was also a big hit . `` birmingham '' is a great song about a woman in an abusive relationship who finally leaves her man . `` fall from grace '' and `` beautiful goodbye '' were also singles and other favorites of mine . i highly recommend checking this cd out if you have n't already
i realize that reviews are wholly based on interpretation and opinion and i respect that . but i do n't get people who do n't like this book . no offense . that being said ( or written , in this case ) , i loved this book . i found it entertaining , odd and hugely funny and i wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone looking for a laugh . my grandmother would n't get this humor , so if you 're her , do n't buy it . everyone else -- go for it .
this album contains many christmas favorites masterfully performed by culbertson , et al . it is definitely a disc that you will keep spinning all season long to promote the cheer . his wife michelle contributes beautifully on the vocals to `` some children see him . '' i have a lot of christmas albums in my collection , and i honestly have to say that this is one of the best i have yet to come across . this is definitely a compilation that the entire family will love . i highly recommend it to anyone who needs a little pizazz this holiday
ya 'll need dis cd . this fool str8 flows . rip lil homey trubl loc e
i was lucky enough to see this show three times : twice on the northwestern university campus ( original musical title was `` a long gay book , '' ) and a third time at the museum of contemporary art in chicago . this show is stunning . i found myself humming melodies from the show - even though i had n't seen it in over a year ( and did n't own the recording ) ! the music and lyrics have a way of staying with you . this is a real work of art - poetry and song , based on the work of gertrude stein . if you 're a fan of musicals with soul , wit , and class , then you 'll love this . the voices of christine mild and jenny powers ( little women ) are extraordinary and cindy gold 's narration is engaging and uniquely powerful . combine these talents with that of frank galati ( tony award winner ... director , adapted script ) and stephen flaherty ( ragtime , etc . ) and you have one amazing musical . highly recommended ! ! !
i bought this recently , when i was about to watch it i thought it was going to be the stupidest thing i have ever seen . but after the first few minutes i loved it . the special effects were good ( for <NUM> ) the only thing i didnt like is the weird music and the naration . whats wrong with panio or organ music
this is a wonderful production of henry v. the acting is magnificant , i would highly recommend this dvd .
well as all my acquaintances know i 'd go to see anything angelina jolie appeared in , even if she 's in it for only two minutes . years ago pauline kael pronounced that `` by now jane fonda has become a complete reason for going to the movies '' ( probably around the time of klute ) and it 's been apparent for some time that jolie is the spiritual descendant of jane fonda . think of them , each one the wild , tormented daughter of a great matinee idol with a cleancut image . and neither one with a super great range , but both excellent at what they do : jane was terrific at denoting `` modernity '' ( to kael , she carried forth bette davis ' attitude of purring like a perfectly kept motor ) , while jolie is all about being the `` wife 's worst nightmare . '' taking lives is only about one inch deep , and the trailer tells it all , but why not see it anyhow ? either you 're in thrall to her giant lips and long arms , her downcast gaze and humungous tattoos ( here covered up for the most part ) -- or you 're not . playing ileanna scott , ace fbi profiler in serial murders , is n't much of a stretch for jolie , for nowadays all you have to do is immerse yourself in a room filled with horrid photos of the killer 's crimes and then drift into a trance state where you become the killer ; then you wake up gasping like a fish and you shout out , `` he uses toothpaste to sedate them ! '' and everyone goes on the alert for crest sales . ileanna 's pregnancy is a dilly especially watching the film in early <NUM> , a time of great world strife during which no magazine cover appears without a mention of brad and angelina 's forthcoming baby . one of the few shock moments of the movie involve a threat to ileanna 's baby , too gross to go into here . i remember during the filming of this movie the paparazzi caught a tender moment between jolie , her son maddox , and her french co-star here olivier martinez , best known for dating the australian pop star kylie minogue . angelina and olivier took little maddox to his first ball game , and the next thing you knew , kylie was flying across to montreal to pay an impromptu set visit . well , i suppose angelina was innocent that time , or as innocent as she gets . she waited until mr and mrs smith to play her full ace of hearts . and olivier and kylie are still together as of this writing , hooray
my first exposure to this recording was in a music course in college in the early 60s and i always remembered it fondly , especially the elegy , which is one of the great melodic achievements in all of music . for some reason , this never wound up in my library of vinyl and cd 's , until now . the sound is incredible , easily on a par with many of today 's recordings . but more impressive is the mastery of fritz reiner and the chicago symphony . it 's called concerto for orchestra for a good reason , and the players deliver all the appropriate virtuosity . the taut , driving rhythm , bartok 's great contribution to 20th century music , moves the music forward naturally and inexorably . great stuff and a great model for today 's new generation of conductors and musicians
i 'm reading this book as part of english at my school , and i find it 's absolutely brill ! allie 's a real inspiration to me , as i 'm planning to be an actress myself . and though askew seems too dark for me , he 's proven of great interest . we 're even using kit 's style of writing from his story of lak for future stories in the curriculum . we have n't read part <NUM> yet , but when we do , i bet it 's just as white-knuckling and full of suspense as the other two parts
my mother turned me on to this and it has been fun .. a pleasure to watch , not only for the monk 's character ( worth the price alone ) , but for the ingenious plots . check the airport episode for a woody allen , in an stopped elevator , with a life insurance agent ( season <NUM> : maid episode , season <NUM> : 2yr old boy episode ) . do yourself a favor and escape into a fun plotted twist of puzzlements , laughter , and of course : fitting the last pieces into a place with the ahhh ! ! of satisfaction . note some episodes better than others
yes , this is my all-time favorite book , and it begins my all-time favorite series . can you summarize the almost limitless appeal of herriot ? i will try . first of all , this book takes place in england , and i am a committed angliophile . it is warm and compassionate without being soppy . it is a timeless memoir that cuts a slice out of the pie of time and keeps it forever . prior to herriot , i exclusively read fiction . not just any fiction , but science fiction and fantasy fiction , both of which are as different from this book as jam is from vegemite ( eeuurggh ! ) . reading herriot made me realize that the old saying `` truth is stranger than fiction '' left out something . truth is better than fiction . enjoy wiht my compliments
this is by far his best album . he goes for meaningful yet witty lyrics and the music is a mix of old and new . i ca n't stop listening to this one ! ! my favorites are `` slow dancing in a burning room '' and `` i do n't trust myself '' . this young man has had a lot more life experience than his age would suggest . we need him around for a long time ! !
received qickly and in great condition
'magical mystery tour ' is the most uneven of all the beatles ' albums . the familiar songs are magnificent , but while some of the originals are poor , they are always interesting . the american record company did a cut-and-paste on all of the beatles ' albums up to 'sgt . pepper ' , and , while it was to their great detriment , their intervention here was a masterstroke . because ep 's ( extended plays , records with five to seven songs , like a half-album ) are part and parcel of the uk and not the u.s. , this c.d . contains a jackpot of the beatles ' accomplished singles of '67 . without them there would n't be a full album as we know it . significantly , it was the only time the british record company later complied to the us format . to start , the title track is a fun , carnival anthem . it is looser and less serious than 'sgt . pepper ' . then , paul , subjectively matches himself with the perceptive and beautiful `` fool on the hill , '' with its admonitions from yet another memorable character , meant to look at the conventional world differently at the expense of alienation . however , it is john 's `` i am the walrus '' that pours out surreal imagery ( yet borrows a few references from lewis carroll ) that is the album 's highlight . from there the original songs are interesting , but substandard . `` flying '' makes an interesting instrumental with vocals added without any discernible words , but it seems more like an exercise than a good song . much in this vein , `` your mother should know , '' is a shadow of paul 's best vaudevillian efforts , including `` when i 'm sixty four '' and `` honey pie '' . the echoing vocal effects do n't do anything to contribute to the song , either . also , george contributes what may be his poorest beatles ' song , `` blue jay way '' . while it is understandable that spiritual awakening is the heart of all major religions , this song is done with unremarkable lyrics and sung with effects that make it sound like he 's a deep sea diver accompanied by drowzy cello patterns . the remarkable second half almost needs no elaboration . `` hello/goodbye '' heralds the second half with one of their catchiest songs . `` penny lane '' and `` strawberry fields forever '' made what many believe to be one of the best singles ever . the former is glorious and the latter is lennon at his philosophical best . `` all you need is love '' may seem somewhat dated , but it needs a revival ( and not just in credit card commercials ! ) it is still a remarkable and entertaining anthem and subjectively one of the beatles ' very best songs . `` baby you 're a rich man , '' the song 's b-side is no throw-away , either . clever and funny , like lennon , it is a catchy and mesmerizing piece . song for song , 'magical mystery tour ' is still essential . it represents their most uneven effort , but retains some of their best music . either way it always remains interesting .
this is , in my opinion , the best jane eyre of them all . the characters look the part , and the film is beautifully shot and convincingly acted . a great romantic movie
i like this movie the least of the mad max trilogy . anyways , several years after the events of `` the road warrior '' , `` mad '' max is still wandering the wastlands of the post-apocalyptic australia . he shows up at a `` semi-civilization '' called , bartertown . where through events that would take to long to describe , he ends up being forced to fight in a arena called , thunderdome . where he soon escapes ( creating alot of havoc for bartertown ) and escapes in to the desert . where he is found by a bunch of goonie-like kids , and they sorta annoy me.i wonder why they put them into it when mad max was based on car crashes rather than playschool.i know i will get people trying to tell me that scene was good , cause the kids acted well , but i thought it was crap.also it lacked his brilliant car , i know it got smashed up , but they coulda made it so he found another cool car . the script lacked punch i think.some of the acting was average . i remember being excited when they said this movie was being released , only to be disappointed because it simply does not match it with mad max <NUM> . but after seeing it quite a few times , i do enjoy it , but i just cant feel satisfied with it comparing it to the first <NUM> installments to this trio . but its still quite a good movie
i highly recommend this story to all children . i have a young son who is dyslexic -- the book was recommended to us by his tutor . but as i was reading this i could n't help but feel all children would benefit from hearing it . this book is a wonderful example of how children manage to overcome difficulties . it can also help show children to be more compassionate to those who are less fortunate . it is delightful
great tale of what it is like to be a modern day texas range
when i watched this classic documentary , i could n't help but think that if we ever had to get back to the level of living portrayed here , we just would n't make it . what it took for inuits to survive and the almost always smiling faces on them makes me think that despite our modern proclivity for shopping malls , body-piercing , hummers and rap music , underneath it all is a heritage that is raw , rich and admirable ; and thank god somebody was able to capture it to film before it was swallowed up . it would be interesting to produce nanook ii and show what goes on in this remote part of the world now .
good action flick . being from detroit made the movie even cooler . the way it all went down had me on the edge , great suspence
it 's an excellent piece of artwork with the right quantity of additional material in a beautiful metal cast case that 's looks like the gas can of madman mr. blonde
i first heard joe carson back in the early -70 's while going through some of my folks ' <NUM> 's . at first , i thought it was webb pierce ( on one of his best days ) ; then i distinctly heard hank ; on the other hand , there was the sound of ray price ( his cherokee cowboy days ) . all of these sounds came from a young kid ( <NUM> when he started performing ) who should have , by every right , been the most heralded country/hillbilly/honky tonkin ' singer ever ; and yes , that includes even the great hank williams . but , joe carson 's life was cut short just as he was hitting his stride . if there was a way to rate this collection higher than <NUM> stars , i would not hesitate to do so . as with all of the bear family records releases , this one is an outstanding collection , beautifully recorded and mixed , and a thorough set of liner notes/booklet . not only does this album showcase the stellar voice of joe , the backing band ( all legendary members of the hank thompson era ) will knock your socks off . while there are <NUM> songs here ( 3x more than most current releases ) , there are a few real standouts : `` i got ta get drunk '' , `` the last song i 'll ever sing '' , and `` shoot the buffalo '' all showcase his voice . and , there are a few old favorites here as well , inlcuding `` fraulein '' and `` who 'll buy the wine '' . this is one of those albums you have to own ; and i can assure you , you 'll be shaking your head in amazement at joe carson 's talent . a+++
` the foster 's market cookbook ' by sara foster , with sarah belk king , i bought in my ` buy everything i saw on the food network ' phase , especially after i saw sarah foster demonstrate her killer sticky bun recipe on the food network 's ` in martha 's kitchen ' show . this was also in my sticky bun-baking period , before i gave it up as too much work and went back to straight breads . one of the main reasons the book sat unopened on my shelves for so long was the fact that the ` killer sticky bun ' recipe was simply not that killer . do not believe anyone when they say they have an easy sticky bun recipe , because it probably means the end result will fall below expectations . around the same time , i did a sticky bun recipe from funny baker wayne harley brachman , and that one did n't come up to snuff anyway . leave it to julia child to come through for me . i did the sticky bun recipe in ` baking with julia ' and it was a lot of work , but it in fact surpassed anything you can get from the mall . but getting back to sarah foster 's book , i have come back to it because i harbored s suspicion that there was some really good stuff in the book , and i was not disappointed . part of my attraction is that i am a sucker for any cookbook that covers sandwiches . while i think foster 's sandwich recipes are not as interesting or as complete as those in nancy silverton 's whole book devoted to the subject , they are a great resource if you happen to have no other source of ideas for sandwiches . otherwise , the book covers everything you would expect , and it is especially strong on topics where you would expect expertise such as muffins , biscuits , scones , soups , salads , and egg dishes . on one of my favorite criteria for evaluating cookbooks , the recipe for a classic french omelet , foster comes through like a champ . the only omelet tip she does not follow is to let the eggs come to room temperature before cracking and beating them , but then , this is probably quite impractical for a restaurant kitchen . she is also quite good on another of my favorite criteria , the making of stocks . her recipes are very good for non-foodies and people who care not for haute cuisine , as they do not take very long to produce a very acceptable chicken , vegetable , or beef stock . my only reservations may be that some of her suggestions may lead to waste perfectly good poached chicken on the one hand and include less than edible vegetable cuttings into stocks . there is a reason some people are hyperfussy about stock making . these are but two of the reasons . i fully endorse ms. foster 's recipes for muffins , biscuits , and scones . they are as good or better than recipes i have seen in books by professional bakers and books specializing in these subjects . the hardest aspect of whether it is worth buying this book is how if will complement your current cookbook collection . if you are a cookbook collector , the question is moot . nothing will stop you from getting this notable title . on the other hand , if all you have is ` the joy of cooking ' , this would be a welcome supplement , as like fellow martha stewart alumnae , ina garten 's early cookbooks , all the recipes come from a commercial kitchen which depends on their products for good business and the products are relatively easy to make . this also means that the selection of recipes is very good fare for church bazaars and bake sales . while foster is downsizing her recipes to household serving numbers , i am sure that her soups would work well at two to four to eight times her recipe size . just be a little careful on multiplying some of the spicier ingredients . i find all the recipes extremely well written . they are full of important details for amateur chefs and unlike some books , everything is printed in good old fashioned black and white with a little highlight shading here and there for sidebars . and , several dishes are presented in living color photographs , and little real estate is taken up by cutsie pics of foster 's market staff and customers . my only argument with the layout of the book is the chapter title pages where the names of the recipes are written in a kind of multicolored hodgepodge , similar to the maddening typography in jamie oliver 's otherwise excellent cookbooks . fostering this kind of material is what made martha stewart so respectable in what she did on her shows . of this genre of cookbook , this is a very good sample . i would recommend it to anyone who is looking for recipes from this ` feel good market ' venue . i think , for example , that it is more value for the money than ina garten 's first cookbook .
controversial , yet remarkable look at how young children , primarily boys , resisted and re-made the conditions of their existence in early 20th century u.s. cities . his chronicle of the newsboys ' strike is vital history . the book is more controversial when discussing the actions of the so-called 'child-savers , ' one of whom actually included social activist photographer lewis hine . he dismisses the action of these advocates as puritanical and fundamentally ignorant of the real conditions of the children 's lives . he decides that children are neither powerless nor defenseless , and this decision is , of course , a double-edged sword when dealing with the very real abuses of child labor and child exploitation that still pervade the u.s. and the globe
it 's nice to see that what was effective for me as `` hip '' edu-tainment is every bit as effective now as `` retro . '' however the appeal , the cast delivers solid lessons disguised as campy sketch comedy a la `` amanda '' or `` all that .
i just happend to rent this movie from blockbuster one night after reading the info on it . i was blown away ! what a great movie the actors are highly underated and are now some of my favorites . another thing that was cool was that the actor william dameo played the voice of paulie in the new video game mafia and many of the same character names are used in this film that were from the video game . tell ya what ... look out for the actors in this movie , all of them should be leading actors in the years to come . get this movie , it will be one of your favorites
kingsland is biology by training therefore many scientific concepts in this book are very welled summarized and organized , making it easy for professionals and non-professional as well to grasp the general ideas in population biology . however , this book focus more on the historical context and the personality of some key scientists in this area , which gives readers more indepth understanding outside science itself . the auther did a wonderful job in interweaving science and human sides , and made it easy to pick up some major transitions in the history of population biology . highly recommmended to professional population ecologists , and general public who is interested in science as well ! a bonus : some pictures of famous scientists in this area , such as mcarthur , lokta , volttera etc ... it 's interesting to me , after reading all their work , finally had a chance to see what they look like
yes it is ! as i sit here thinking about the experience of reading the book , and it is an experience i assure you , i can tell you that there are slow periods in this `` story '' when you hope it will be `` over soon '' . so , do n't expect an `` easy read '' on this one . but the main idea is so `` universal '' and the story in its totality is so well written , that you forgive any `` lapses into boredom '' of the narrative . in fact , that 's partially what the book is about : `` small town boredom '' of an intelligent and thoughtful and self examining lady in the early part of the 20th century . and , further , it 's about the `` will to overcome '' and the `` courage to overcome '' this boredom and pettiness of the small town by the main character who is a `` downtrodden female '' of that era . i think this could be considered a `` woman 's lib '' book . as you read you will `` cheer on '' the main character , carol , as she faces down the town pettitness and town bullies and even her somewhat staid but basically `` good guy '' husband . the main thing that is bugging carol is this : she `` has n't found her true life 's occupation '' and she feels `` trapped '' in the little podunk town of gopher prairie and in her marriage so that she 'll never `` find her true self '' . ( wow , what a name for a town ! o ) this theme is a universal theme because everyone , even men , have the same driving force of finding `` who am i '' and `` where do i really belong . '' it 's a `` universal theme '' . thus this is an `` important book '' to read if you have ever had similer thoughts and restiveness about `` where do i belong '' and `` what is my true purpose in life . '' just keep reading past the `` slow parts '' and you 'll find that your effort will be rewarded . email boland7214 @ aol.c
when darkwing duck first aired on television , i was recuperating from a broken back and on some really good meds . i laughed so hard that i nearly did myself another injury . now the first season is available on dvd , and i am here to tell you that even without the meds , darkwing is still hilarious . my youngest granddaughter and i have watched them all , together , and she loves to `` get dangerous . ''
nudity ! ! ! we get three different nude french chicks . all show bush . the film was n't full of sex but it had this underlying erotic feel that just makes you horny . so when you did get to see some hot nude chick you were ready to go . the beast thing was strange but very erotic the way he kept getting harder and harder and the girl kept accidently getting him of as he spued gallons of semen everywhere . nice full frontal and i found it very erotic . careful at the begining is some real horse sex . gaint horse penis and throbbing femal horse vigina , i could n't even watch it , very nasty , be ready to fast forward . what was the director thinking
when one mentions the best rock singers of all time , how come burton cummings ' name does n't come up ? all the evidence exists on this disc that he was one hell of a singer , delivering some of the greatest vocals to some of the greatest songs ever . perhaps because the guess who was seen as a top <NUM> group has kept him from his due ? let 's start with one of the top three songs ever put to tape , `` these eyes . '' this masterpiece has all the ingredients of a timeless song - moving bass line , masterful strings , catchy rhythm , and the pained vocal stylings of burton . elsewhere , he shines on `` undun , '' `` no time , '' and elevates the standard `` american woman '' to legendary , something that lenny kravitz had no chance of doing . kudos to the compilers of this for going with the full length version of `` american woman '' - the intro is absolutely essential to its impact . i do n't forsee the guess who ever making it to the rock and roll hall of fame , but let 's at least recognize one of the greatest voices in rock and letting these timeless tunes wash over us in am ecstasy !
if you liked peyton place , you will love this movie . jeff chandler does a great job portraying `` the publisher '' of allison 's book as well as her lover for the moment . this also has a variety of things happening in peyton place that you will find interesting
this may be my new favorite movie . will ferrel is fantastic - the music is wonderful , and i could not stop watching it over and over
at the end of my review of director/writers richard glatzer and wash westmoreland 's first nationally distributed film , i wondered aloud as to what these talented , quirky guys would do after the fun , i only steal from the very best movies take on the gay porn industry and the hangers-on that populate it , '' the fluffer . '' well now i know : it 's the very human , thoughtful and real `` quinceanera . '' shot in a section of los angeles just <NUM> minutes from where i live yet on many levels worlds apart socially and ethnically , and reeling and rocking from the mixture of mexican-americans , who have lived there for many years and the upscale interlopers in the form of non/mexican americans who go to echo park looking for homes that they can afford now that the westside of los angeles is way beyond most peoples means . glazer/westmoreland 's take on this cultural and monetary disparity is to step back , aim the camera and refuse to take sides : both the inhabitants and the interlopers are examined carefully and without judgment . the central story involves the impending quinceanera ( a sort of bat mitzvah ) of magdalena ( a strong , fiery emily rios ) , her `` miracle '' pregnancy and carlos ( an angry , intelligent jesse garcia ) who happens to be gay which does not sit well with his father who promptly ejects carlos from his home : both mag and carlos find acceptance and love with their great uncle tomas ... the emotional center of his family and of this film , chalo gonzalez . `` quinceanera '' is not a perfect film : the flaccid editing hurts the last third of the film but despite this , few film scenes have as much emotional power and pack such a wallop as carlos 's ( and therefore , of course , jesse garcia 's ) eulogy at tomas ' grave-site , in front of a family that mostly despises him because he is gay : it is on the one hand brave and on the other as heartbreaking and emotionally open and naked a scene as any committed to film in a long , long time .
its setting and subject matter were somewhat grim to put it mildly , but that did n't stop trainspotting from becoming one of the top movies of the nineties , and having just watched it this morning i can safely state that it holds up well to this day . while i have n't read the irvine welsh novel on which this movie is based , i have read some of his other work , and the movie is a perfect distillation of his storytelling style-rapid-fire , filled with bawdy set pieces , characters living on the edge of acceptable society , and lots and lots of swears . it 's also the kind of violent , genre-defying , and pop culture reference-laden movie , complete with way-cool soundtrack , that emerged with such force in the nineties and spawned so many imitations in this decade . for my money at least , this movie is a much more entertaining and convincing look at the world of heroin users than the interesting , but annoyingly depressing and pedantic , requiem for a dream , which came out a few years later to almost hyperbolic praise . trainspotting is a blunt , unapologetic look a life most of us can scarcely imagine , delivered with a combination of hilarity and horror that effortlessly intertwines these two extremes . it does n't shrink from depicting the damage caused by heroin addiction , but it does n't downplay all the fun of it either , which is what lends it so much of its gritty believability . trainspotting also marked the arrival on the international scene of director danny boyle , whose manic visual style would later serve him well on the slightly-less-brilliant <NUM> days later . perhaps most impressively , it manages to contain one of my all-time top ten movie lines ( `` who needs reasons when you 've got heroin ? `` ) , my favorite nickname ever , fictional or otherwise ( `` we called him mother superior on account of the length of his habit '' -brilliant ) , and more `` oh my god , did i just see that ? '' images than you 'll find in fifty hollywood blockbusters . in boyle 's hands the crazy imagery practically flies off the screen , be it human waste flying from a sheet across a room , the movie 's protagonist climbing into scotland 's filthiest toilet to retrieve something he lost , or the hallucinatory , nightmarish haze of a cold-turkey withdrawal . the unrestrained depictions of sex , nudity , violence , drug use , and bodily functions make this a movie not to be viewed by the squeamish , but they perfectly suit its unflinching examination of the sordid goings-on in one country 's drug-laden urban culture . the action is filtered through the point of view of the movie 's narrator , mark renton , a cynical but insightful twentysomething travelling through a nihilistic culture of nightclubs and drug dens without many concerns beyond getting his next fix because , well , all other concerns seem petty and inconsequential by comparison . although i do n't use drugs ( well , the ones arbitrarily declared illegal anyway ) , it 's not exactly hard to understand renton 's reasons-in a world as numbing as the one that surrounds him , the ephemeral rush of a heroin high is more tangible and true than most of what people use to distract themselves from their unfulfilling lives . really , that 's what the movie 's about-the relentless pursuit of that elusive and nebulous concept known as happiness . renton 's not that bad a guy ; he mostly just wants to score some drugs and sex and listen to some iggy pop , and if his lifestyle causes anyone else ( i.e. , his parents ) to suffer , well , that 's just an unfortunate byproduct . besides , it 's not like he 's missing that much : the scotland of trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy , detroit-esque post-industrial decay , and even the natural beauty of the local highlands is n't enough to overcome the cynicism that 's overtaken renton and most of his friends . viewed against this backdrop , it 's easy to ask whether the straight life is even worth it . although ewan macgregor plays renton in career-making fashion ( too bad he spent all that time on those mediocre star wars prequels ) , robert carlyle delivers the most immediately enjoyable performance as the menacing begbie , an unhinged , beer-swilling psychopath who looks at heroin users with contempt but has no problem cutting a swath of destruction through any bar where someone crosses him , intentionally or not . even though ( or perhaps because ) he 's so violent and unpredictable , begbie gives the movie a sort of bizarre comic relief through the sheer force of his twisted personality alone . even though i would n't get within fifty feet of the guy , i could n't help but enjoy watching him , especially with carlyle turning in such a likably maniacal performance . besides , in addition to what i 've written above , how can you not like a movie that features a shot of a dead baby crawling along a ceiling and rotating its head <NUM> degrees ? if that does n't scream fun for the whole family , i do n't know what does
i had lost track of steve vai for a while .... in the early <NUM> 's i bought `` passion and warfare '' ( an instant classic ! ! ) but i did not buy anything after that , cause i just felt so good with passion and warfare that i did n't want to be let down by his next releases . deep inside , i must have thoght that might happen ... well resently i stopped by sony 's website , and i fell in love with the sound clips for this cd . i bought it , and i have been enchanted ever since ! it 's a different cd , but no disapointments . some fans do n't like steve 's singing , but what he sings here is ok . it wo n't hurt . this is a statement , and i ca n't wait to hear part <NUM> and <NUM> when they are released
of course i remember back when i first heard this song ; i was still in high school ( yes , the <NUM> 's ) , and it was not from the bhc movie either ( i was n't allowed to see it in theaters ) . it was at a local club a few years later . this song has not only a killer beat that anyone can dance to , but killer lyrics , singers , and that it was produced by prince himself - so naturally this song was a winner . still is . it rocks , baby . and i proudly have several copies on cd , cassette and mp3 . a little obsessed perhaps ? ? ? ? not really . but this literate one-hit-wonder was an indeed dance-club classic , similar to eddie murphy 's dance hit class one-hit-wonder `` party all the time '' . i love singing along to this hit song . and the singers are sharp , focused , and are actually very good vocalists . the music flows very smoothly throughout the song , especially the break , where the girl says , `` i do n't like this groove .... give me something i can croon to ..... catch my drift ? ? ? '' peanu
the title of this novel would lead one to believe that it 's about the life of a student in college , but that 's not exactly the case . sure , part of it takes place at college , but in truth it 's more of a coming-of-age story ; a young man 's attempt to reconcile his working class , suburban upbringing with the wealth and intellectual glamour he discovers at prestigious yale university . it 's a well-told and compelling tale , and , like other perrotta novels , leaves one with something to think about at its end . we meet danny in his junior year as he is finally coming into his own . he 's established himself intellectually , he 's got new and interesting friends , and he 's even a bit of a celebrity in that he 's an integral part of a newly-minted literary magazine . it 's now been more than two years since he came to school and his home-town ties are slowly disintegrating . but some are more difficult to abandon than others . his father , for one , owns a lunch truck , or roach coach . in a mid-life change of careers , he 's decided to become his own man , to run his own business . but it is stressful work , and damaging to his health . danny finds that he must spend all his vacation time helping him . then there is the girl danny met from his old high school . she 's a secretary now , at a run-of-the-mill , small industrial plant . he goes out with her knowing full well that the relationship will never blossom into anything . he is aware he is using her . although danny is doing well , grade-wise , he is painfully aware of all of the shenanigans going on around him , some of which he participates in . a girl has basically moved into his suite with one of his roommates . other roommates smoke dope . another spends his time in fascination with assassins of american presidents . everybody drinks way , way too much . one evening , while cavorting with a female on the campus grounds , he is ridiculed by a student-actor dressed as the `` fool '' from shakespeare 's king lear . is this why our parents spend thousands and thousands of dollars a year ? he thinks . with his background , he is able to view these goings-on through the eyes of the average working-stiff american , and without ever explicitly saying why , finds that he is ashamed . his actions , sometimes reckless , sometimes foolish , seem to indicate a subconscious desire to be punished . this conflict is unresolved by novel 's end . it is unlikely that this novel will ever win a pulitzer prize , or even be nominated for one . there is no huge encompassing theme , there are no substantial truths revealed , there is no scathing indictment of society . none of that . it is , however , a tautly told , bright , compelling narrative with characters one would expect to meet in real life . it is , frankly , the type of thing which present-day aspiring authors should strive for . the average reader is not interested in being dazzled by an author 's research or bombarded with symbolic references to freud , he is interested in being told a good story . if an author does this well enough and often enough , all of those other elements -- the ones which make a novel great -- will fall into place . indeed , they did so in mr. perrotta 's most recent effort , the excellent little children . joe college works because , at the very least , it is a fine example of the art of storytelling .
that 's how jay leno jokes when interviewed in this documentary about a los angeles legend called chasen 's . the hearse in the opening sequence may as well be carrying the soul of all the famous patrons who ever visited the famed restuarant . torn down to make way for a more profitable mall , chasen 's now lives on only in this documentary . over the years , the clientelle included the biggest stars in hollywood , but the real star of this film is chasen 's . * * * * rent or buy it ! * * * * * *
this is a spectacular read , well balanced in all aspects of jfk 's life from cradle to grave . although rather long , the pages flow nicely . the author takes the middle road , and sees jfk as a great leader in many situations , but not perfect nor a saint . this produces a well-rounded and complete biography . new information on jfk 's health is sprinkled throughout . as a caveat , this book is about jfk 's life , not his death . less than ten pages of over <NUM> are involving the assassination . so regardless of what you think or feel about november of <NUM> , if you want a book focused on that , find a different book instead of leaving negative reviews
what a find ! it 's sad to think that this special was almost lost , but now it 's here in color . for those of you who grew up in the <NUM> 's , it 's a wonderful trip down memory lane to a simpler time . i do agree that frank seems a little more tired than bing , but both light up the screen with there take on some traditional christmas carols . i give this <NUM> stars because , as it is so blatantly mentioned in the extras , the restoration job done on this film is horrible ! but , i am at least thankful it exists and that we have the chance to enjoy it , even if it is not sparkling clear . * note * careful observers will notice that a new copyright date has been digitally edited into the closing credits `` mmi ''
noooo ... this movie isnt based on some anime film . no no no ! , but it unfolds like a hilariously awesome classic the likes of which ive only seen from old school anime films of the late 80s/early 90s . if the matrix was suppost to be a ghost in the shell rip off , then this film , the legend <NUM> , embodies even more of what the matrix was supposivly influenced by . noooo ... this is not a cold hearted all serious flick ... it doesnt take it self overly seriously ... yet it is at the same time quite inspiring ... now this is the genuis of this little film , its not this masterwork of film making ... yet it has times of genuine hilarity , while still stirring your spirit in awe . something like this can be a little toung-n-check , yet still evokes one 's admiration . without sounding to lofty on the descriptions here , people , the legend <NUM> might of not been exactly like the chinese language version ... but it is very memorable in its own right ... the voice actors behind the talented cast here are some from the finest films in japanese anime ... thats right ... you might notice some from ninja scroll ... project a-ko ... and more ... these voice actors bring that comprehensive hilarity to the screen .... yes , sorry if i sound like a washed up editoral hack ... but bare with me ... for instance ... when the men tease fong about him following his mother around ... its just random and so damn funny . and the main bad guy , is great ... he 's a frstrated bully of a character who at times wont relent at insulting fong about his closeness to his mom . and speaking of which , fong and his `` legendary '' mom are one funny duo . and so is the man who sorta looks after fong , who was the mothers ex lover i think . he has a funny deep serious voice . the action looks like it inspires the great anime films ... thats right ... not inspired by the anime ... it seems like it would inspire the anime world itself ... it doesnt draw influence from great anime , but i bet films like this inspire japanese artists to create great anime series and stories ! you might not understand all this , but its a different take , a unique review of the film that no one has noticed yet on amazon , for this film anyways . sure , this english dub , american version of the film isnt true to the original ... but i remember seeing this on tv ... and it was even more edited than this im sure ... and it was awesome ... i taped it ... but lost it i think , but now i finally have it , in its entirity . this film embodies a lot of what makes kung fu films so loveable and great . humorous characters , awesome action , inspring stylization . the scene where fong walks slowly into battle as the colorfull pedals or leaves fall and float down from the sky is just beautifull and has power , cinematographically ..... if thats a word , hahaha . this is a classic ... it melds together serious inspiring action and laugh out loud hilarity . and i havent even seen the first movie yet . hope this helped ya out in deciding if you wan na get this movie or not . its not too expensive ... when you buy it , just dont expect some oscar winning film ... it aint ... its not the greatest film ever produced ... it doesnt have to be .
way better than most art books , covers so many necessary points . the author has a great website too
i am now <NUM> years old and have n't read this book since elementary school . today , i randomly found the book on amazon and the familiar first edition hardcover . i do n't know how old i was when i first read it , but i independently borrrowed it from the library at least <NUM> different times and enjoyed reading it every time . i 've always remembered , foremost , the cleverness of the dolphins and the anxiety and relief i felt every time i read the scenes with the sharks or the baby being unhooked . i would say dolphin adventure has made a positive and lasting impression upon me and that every animal-loving child should read it
gantz is a very violent anime that aired on japanese television only after serious editing . gantz follows the story of kei , a young student who somehow finds himself in the wrong place at the wrong time . his long-lost friend , kato , shows up in the subway where kei is also waiting for a train , just in time to see a homeless man fall onto the tracks below . being the kind soul that kato is , he runs to the man 's aid , and after spotting kei on the platform , calls for his help as well . peer pressure wins and kei too joins the struggle . after saving the man , they are stuck on the tracks as a passing train comes barreling down the tracks at them . in a battle of legs versus wheels , it is obvious who wins , and the oncoming train almost instantly decapitates kei and kato . at the very brink of death , kei 's last thoughts are `` why me ? '' which eventually leads to `` this is the way it 's got ta be , '' as he see himself falling to the ground below . at the last possible instant , the machine known only as gantz rescues kei and kato and places them in a room with other `` survivors . '' a countdown shows up on the large black globe known as gantz , and the game begins . kill or be killed ... the once hunted has become the hunter , and kei and kato find themselves surrounded by bloodthirsty monsters that would love nothing more than to make them their next meal . the bloodshed is enormous , the bodies are piling up , and behind it all is gantz . while stuck in a purgatory state , kei and kato realize that they are neither truly alive nor truly dead . live through the game and you are free to go , until the next round begins . fail at the game , and you will face a fate worse than death . filled with lots of internal monologues on the part of kei , gantz is a series that allows for incredible character development . in the space between heaven and hell , kei must fight his own demons as well as those that he is battling against . loyalty and hormones come into question , and the battles continue as more `` survivors '' enter the mix . cursing and nudity are littered everywhere in this series , but it does nothing to take away from its quality . gantz is definitely not something for the kiddies , but it is a great series for the anime junkie in all of us . season two was recently released , so let the games continue ...
i really enjoyed this movie if only for joan allen 's portrayal of a bitter blooming-alcoholic living in the 'burbs with <NUM> beautiful daughters around <NUM> to <NUM> . kevin plays a retired baseball player now dj ( for wrif-fm , the station i listened to often in detroit when i was in my late teens and early '20s ) . he too drinks way too much . they find solace in each other . i loved watching joan allen and the movie does have a good script . i liked all the major characters in it except one . all but the detestable middle age guy . he only goes out with young women is made to be the guy you love to hate . i think most women over <NUM> will like this movie . i highly recommend it to them and anyone who enjoys films about relationships .
born in blood and fire is a superbly presented and concise history of latin america which covers six centuries and twenty countries , linking accounts of individuals , economics , politics and social structure in a uniform , logical progression of events which will delight both general readers and students seeking an introduction to the region 's history . chapters provide many insights on latin issues in the process of revealing the history of different nations . born in blood and fire is an invaluable introduction and survey for students of latin american history
whether the subject is human nature , race , class , politics , or theology , julian barnes expresses more on a subject in a paragraph than many of us in a chapter . and all of this on top of a fascinating story
bought this hd dvd without having seen the film previously , so it was a risk .... and i won ! i absolutely enjoyed it from begining to end . this film is very under-rated . it 's witty , well done and clever ... unlike all these stupid animal films that are out now . buy this film even if you have n't seen it .... you wo n't regret it
realy the core of alpinism . no bla , bla bussiness . expirienced in person and transfered into the readers bloodstreem
i use to be a dancer . i danced for <NUM> years and quit because of the pressure of being good and etc and i do n't regert it but i do miss it a little . i 'm addicted to dance movies . this one is one of the best i 've seen great thats all i have to sa
beach boys-related articles from newspapers and magazines during their mid-1960s heyday . a mixed bag , but interesting browsing for fans
i find life among the arapaho as she describes it infinitely fascinating , and wish she would spend more time on that than she does . she 's very good in her description of the setting , also , and i can easily imagine myself on the wyoming reservation . this is the umpteenth book in the series ( 10th ? ) in which a jesuit priest ( who is with the st. francis mission ) and his friend , an arapaho attorney , solve mysteries on the reservation . the plot in this series is two-fold ( turn of the 20th century and early 21st century ) and revolves around an old photograph by curtis on display in the mission 's museum . the photo depicts a staged attack on a phony arapaho village . in the course of shooting that photo , a woman was killed , so some chapters describe the events around this historic murder , while others describe some present day crimes that appear to be linked to the curtis photographs in some way . a woman is murdered and her husband is the chief suspect , but on the same night , the newly-hired curator at the museum disappears . then there 's the visit from the senator who may be declaring himself as a candidate for president -- how does that tie in ? coel is an excellent writer , although she makes some blunders that a fact-checker or good editor could help her with . like all the other states , for example , wyoming has two senators , not a sole representative in washington , and it is highly unlikely that a person who has only been curator for a month would have had time to mount an exhibition , particularly one that involves borrowing materials from another collection . these things take years , not weeks . so -- i think perhaps ms. coel is under pressure to keep turning these best-selling books out and that 's a pity , because this is quite a good book in other respects . coel is a great story teller . i 'm also happy to see that the unrequited love theme between the priest and the lawyer is being downplayed
that song alone made this group hard and it is a classic song . i never bought their debut album because they looked too young and too inexperienced but this album changed all that with this song and couple others on here and put them on the map . if you are a true rap fan then this should be in your collection right now .
if your ready to say no more dieting and say hello to no-diet fitness .. this book is for you . its a must read ! ! ! ! !
watching mirrormask is like being immersed in the absolute best of dreams ; the kind that pull us out of ourselves and makes us wonder who we really are inside . this may sound a bit cheesy , but the imagery in this movie is fascinating , and simply , just really fun to watch . mirrormask it not a once-through movie , once you see it once , you want to see it again , the visuals are just too much for simply one go . and this is one of the great beauties of the movie : for all of the complex visual that it offers , the storyline offers the delicious contrast of being rather simple and sweet . definitely a children 's movie that really delivers
ok , we all know that duran duran got their name from the evil doctor in barbarella , but barbarella 's influence on pop-culture extends far beyond that ! fans of x-men will notice that when the great tyrant captures pygar , it 's identical ( practically frame by frame ) to the introduction of callisto and the morlocks in # <NUM> ( x-men fans , pull out your issues , you 'll see what i 'm talking about ) . demolition man ( sorry , i love campy movies ) , uses many of the elements of the `` perfect society '' that barbarella comes from - down to the way they have sex ( sitting next to each other with your hands up ) . there are many others , but i 'll let you discover them for yourselves
my <NUM> month old loves this book . she is a huge elmo fan and loves it when he says , `` elmo loves you . '' any young elmo fan will enjoy the book , although the reader will probably grow weary of it quickly
while the idea to make a collection of the fall out of punk and hardcore scenes in the 1980s after the great no thanks box is a really interesting idea yet it proves extremely hard to pull off . why ? well when punk became new wave and hardcore became alternative , you were left with so many sounds , so many viewpoints . while it totally made the music scene much more interesting compiling it to <NUM> discs makes it a hard listen sometimes because of that collage of styles . so its a great learning experience for the uninitiated to learn from , and its a great nostalgia trip for those who grew up with this music . for those of us in the middle we are left kinda scratching our chins and flipping over some of the tracks . i must say however that rhino did choose the prime cuts from each group , and chose the right groups from each scene but thats what rhino is great at archival material . its by no means a bad box set in fact its really quite the opposite , but i guarantee even the most open minded listeners will find themselves hitting the skip button past their first listen
i have a gps , i even have a road whiz which tells you where the next rest area is on most highways , etc . but this book tells you exactly what is at the next exit , amazingly accurate , and very easy to use , so much data it is unbelievable . if you only use this once or twice a year you will be so glad you have it . buy it
this is the best book about dogs in general and daxies in particular that i have held in my hands . do n't let the title fool you - this is a book that , while written in plain english , will teach you a multitude of things - how to care , train , and bond with your dax from puppyhood to old age . i have already recommended it to any dog owner i know , regardless of their breed , because many of the things inside the book are applicable to all breeds , not just the daxies . i highly recommend that you add this book to your cart , you will not be sorry you did
if you want the opposite of james frey -- that is , if you want to read beautiful , true prose that does n't flinch from the deeper truths , read caldwell . this is a book about west texas , growing up , leaving home , struggling with family , remembering the farm , hating vietnam , going to mexico , reading great books , moving forward . i put a pot of coffee on and read through the night , then passed it on to my dad , who did the same . thanks , ms. caldwell .
this book is n't rocket science ... but it is a great way to gain some sanity and understanding when your toddler is driving you mad . it explains why children do what they do , and that in most cases , annoying toddler behaviors are important developmental milestones and not just a child being 'naughty .
i really like the red sox trivia and memorabilia found in this movie . it was so fun to see so many of my favorite red sox memories on a movie screen . i thought that jimmy fallon and drew barrymore did a great job . there was a great chemistry bewteen them . that is to say ... i was convinced that they were in love . the ending of the movie was great . i liked the drama of watching lindsay run across fenway park just to get back together with ben before he sells his tickets . i think the best word to use when describing this movie is `` cute . '' however , i 'm just tired of watching movies that make men look like idiots . clearly , the main focus of this film is the stupidity of men and how they need women to teach them how to act appropriatly . i mean , in many ways , ben is no more mature than an eight year old . that is an extreme and unfair portrayal of male baseball fans in my opinion .
i sound like an old man when i say that there are movies back in the day that are better than the slickest modern production , even when the movies outdate me . maybe because today 's filmmakers are so much in love with cgi effects that they feel they can replace little , unimportant things like plot , storyline and character development . that 's why i 've steadfastly refused to see spielberg 's version of this classic ; i do n't want anything to tarnish my memory of what i consider , as a kid growing up and today , one of the best sci-fi films ever made . folks hold up `` forbidden planet '' as the quintiscencial science fiction film of all time , and while i 'd never quibble with other people 's opinion , i believe this movie gives that one a serious run for its money . first of all , for its relatively short running time , we are given everything that i mentioned earlier , and it does n't feel rushed . purists complain that there were too many changes to the source material , but period films are period films , at least according to the thought of that time , and sci-fi is sci-fi . to stage a '50s film adaptation of h.g . wells actually in victorian england would 've been a bit much for the audience seeing it in a cinema . the changes , once you get settled into the story , are really minor , and actually help add to the enjoyment of the movie . and they do add breadth to `` war of the worlds , '' for we see glimpses of how the rest of the world is faring with the martian invasion . other countries get their collective butts kicked , and we see it happen live . we see the failure of a purely military solution to a lifeform that has superior technology and not the least bit of concern for the other beings already on their new home . is it a metaphor for the `` red menace '' mentality of the time ? a little bit , but there 's also a hint that , for all the power the u.s. armed forces has , simple military solutions are n't going to cut it . in its way , this movie is more progressive in `` political '' tone than others of its time or type . finally , we have the special effects , which actually hold up well to the effects of today . yep , digital transfers , done well , allow us to see the wires and supports holding up spaceships , and somehow that alien arm just seems .... cheezy , when compared to what 's possible with today 's techniques and budgets , but they knew how to use what they had . more importantly , they knew what to show and what not to show . the aliens themselves were troublesome and balky , not to mention they had the habit of falling apart when moved too much , so we were left with mostly our imagination as the filmmakers used shadow , music , and brief glimpses of the martians ' technology , bodies , and hands to create the horror they wanted us to feel . their techniques worked then , and they still work today . so , what can be said of a movie that 's really `` timeless ? '' compare some of hollywood 's most lavish productions in recent years to a movie made when special effects really had to be slaved over , and `` war of the worlds '' tops out every single time
this is by far the best batman movie . i give batman returns and batman begins a lot of credit , but you ca n't beat the cast assembled for this movie . the combination of michael keaton and jack nicholson is incredibe , and kim basinger , billy dee williams , and jack palance make a good supporting cast . the story is excellent , with plenty of action . tim burton could not have directed this movie any better , creating a dark and eerie feeling throughout the entire movie . overall , this movie is superb in every category .
it took me only two weeks to watch all <NUM> episodes of `` murder , she wrote '' - the complete third season . and my review is basically the same as it was with seasons one and two : just more mystery fun with angela lansbury as famed mystery author and crime solver jessica fletcher . familiar faces from the little screen to the big screen stopped by for guest appearences in season three , including recent `` syriana '' oscar winner george clooney , past oscar winners ernest borgnine ( `` the poseidon adventure '' ) and martin balsam ( `` psycho '' ) , `` friends '' alum courtney cox arquette , `` brady bunch '' veterans florence henderson and barry williams , veteran comic buddy hackett , and `` naked gun '' star leslie nielsen . other guest stars include : gloria stuart ( `` titanic '' ) , g.w . bailey ( `` police academy '' ) , tess harper ( `` tender mercies '' ) , jessica walter ( `` arrested development '' ) , hayley mills ( `` the parent trap '' ) , bill macy ( `` maude '' ) , genie francis ( `` general hospital '' ) , dinah manoff ( `` empty nest '' ) , and harry morgan ( `` m * a * s * h '' ) . three stars from the `` star trek '' tv shows turned up for guest appearences : george takei ( the original `` star trek '' series ) , levar burton ( `` star trek : the next generation '' ) , and kate mulgrew ( `` star trek : voyager '' ) . erin moran , best known for playing joannie on the popular '70s sitcom `` happy days '' , guest starred in the third episode of season three titled `` unfinished business '' , which reunited her with `` happy days '' co-star tom bosley , who had a reoccuring role during the first couple of seasons of `` murder , she wrote '' as amos tupper , the sheriff of jessica fletcher 's hometown of cabot cove , maine ( i 've very much enjoyed bosley 's appearences on `` murder , she wrote '' as well as william windom 's reoccuring appearences as cabot cove doctor seth hazlitt ) . and in an interesting scenario , tom selleck and john hillerman turn up in their `` magnum p.i . '' roles as part of a cross-over episode , with this particular storyline starting out on an episode of `` magnum p.i . '' ( which was in its seventh season ) and concluding with an episode of `` murder , she wrote '' ( episode # <NUM> to be exact ) . that episode of `` magnum p.i . '' is featured as a bonus on season three of `` murder , she wrote '' . the `` magnum p.i . `` / '' murder , she wrote '' cross-over episodes ( titled `` novel connection '' and `` magnum on ice '' ) were a favorite of mine . other great episodes from season three include : `` death stalks the big top '' parts <NUM> and <NUM> , `` unfinished business '' , `` obituary for a dead anchor '' , `` the corpse flew first class '' , `` crossed up '' , `` simon says , color me dead '' , `` no laughing murder '' , `` no accounting for murder '' , and `` murder , she spoke '' . `` murder , she wrote '' season three is great fun for fans of mystery and crime , and lansbury is wonderful as usual . i 'm sure the fun will continue with season four !
when it comes to `` pop , '' people are use to hearing the crap played on the popular radio stations . brittany spears , and terribly horrid music like that . i want people to know the true meaning of `` pop '' music . here it is in the dictionary : `` a bland watered-down version of rock'n'roll with more rhythm and harmony and an emphasis on romantic love '' now , before anyone bashes me , i do n't agree with the `` bland '' and `` watered-down '' words , expecially in the case of stephin merrit , but it 's true of the music played today . there 's magic in this album . it 's so full of life , and dare i say , the bliss of happiness . it 's truly amazing how `` wasps ' nests '' can completely change my perceptions . it puts me in a state of mind . maybe i 'm just a hopeless romantic , but this album happens to be the soundtrack to my life , as cheesy as that sounds . and no matter how cheesy the lyrics may be , you 'll find yourself in love with them , almost as much as the luscious sound that is , `` the 6ths . '' a masterpiece
my grandsons and i sat down to watch it and they were meznerized the entire time . fantasy , learning , fun .
this is a very well done documentary that offers some insight into the rise and ( currently ) dramatic fall of disney animation . if you follow disney news at all , the documentary does not reveal anything that you probably do not already know . what the documentary does do , however , is put faces and personal stories to the facts . my only complaint was that it was a little short . it would have been nice to see what the animator 's `` post disney '' plans were
i have n't tried any of the recipes , but absolutely loved the essays in this book . most of them are hysterically funny . i 've never read any of mr. conroy 's novels ( though i 've seen the films ) -- but i certainly plan to read them now . the book also makes me want to visit the carolinas .
and the band played on is an act of phenomenal research and writing , and a very frightening book on many levels because of the political wrangling , political bumbling , and political disregard for a medical crisis which cost the lives of so many , the scientific in-fighting which slowed medical break throughs and sacrificed lives , and the insanity of national agencies which were supposed to be saving lives , but which in this case knowingly risked the lives of many either because they did n't want to do the work , did n't want to spend the money , or did n't want to anger certain political groups . gay men were deemed to be utterly dispensable by so many . it 's the sign of a good book when it brings out strong emotions . this book provoked in me anger , rage , confusion , compassion , sadness , and tears . i wish i could thank all those , like don francis , dr. michael gottlieb , dr. selma dritz , marc conant , dr. dale lawrence , paul volberding , and dr. arye rubenstein , who tried so hard , against such overwhelming odds , to save lives quickly . i would also chastise president ronald reagan and merve silverman and give margaret heckler and bob gallo a piece of my mind -- the skunks ! i am thankful that there are politicians like orrin hatch and people behind the scenes like bill kraus and cleve jones . though he was woefully slow in responding i 'm grateful for the response of c. everett koop and that once having made his stand he never wavered and took it to the media wherever he could . randy shilts did an excellent job of showing the culture in the united states and france and the politics in the medical and scientific communities and the political posture and arena during the 1980s . he also humanized the crisis by following many of the patients from onset of medical problems to death ( enno poersch , gary walsh , frances borchelt , bill kraus , and gaetan dugas ) and by following the doctors and scientists in their fight to discover the properties of this terrible disease and conquer it . it was enlightening and helpful to have the book structured as a time line . the amount and variety of research done for this book is astounding , requiring shilts to conduct hundreds of interviews and read millions of pages of articles and medical material . in reading this book , my education has been enhanced and my life is more full and forever changed . it is a great tragedy that aids killed randy shilts as it had killed so many other innocents , and that as i write this there is still no cure for aids . as far as i can tell , it is again being largely ignored by governments and the medical community . where will the next randy shilts , bill kraus , and dr. gottlieb and the other saviors come from -- and will they come soon enough ?
this surrealist picture is a magical mysterious tour around a bizarre world where the emotions have been lessened for the social conventionalisms , the double moral , the frivolity , epidemical visions , unresolved gilts , an easy going approach that do not seem to be so far of rabelais or moliere . one of the freest films in any age and a milestone reference picture . another sublime artistic feat of federico fellini ; these dilemmas , far from being diminishing , have been growing up , what it proves its magisterial precognition and penetrating sights in the social body . a must see !
yes , i realize that nesta webster believed in conspiracy theories but that does not take away from the balanced perspective of this excellent biography , one of the few dual biographies of louis xvi and marie antoinette . i believe that the royal couple needs to be studied as a unit in order to be understood . too many other biographies focus on one , at the other 's expense . the emphasis of this book , on the years before the revolution , includes many details omitted by other works . it is refreshingly free of the freudian bias infused by zweig and so many others into the life of the king and queen . i wish this excellent book were more widely known ; it is one of the best
to be honest , i loved the japanese original of this movie so much that my first watching of the american version was a little tainted . but i just watched the richard gere version again , this time on dvd , and found that i really like it more than i realized . gere is so winsome ( i 'll pay to watch him dance any day , he is aging gorgeously ! ) , and lopez so elegant , and all the other characters so interesting , and the music so sexy , why quibble over which movie is better ? this story is entertaining and touching in its own right , even if not as nuanced and heartfelt as the japaese version . i have watched ballroom dancing competitions for years , and this film conveys the romance and excitement that draws people to those competitions . the story is charming , adult and pg with a satisfying ending -- how rare is that combination these days ? the dvd offers good insights into the ballroom training and hard work behind the movie , as well as a wonderful `` sway '' music video . which reminds me -- the soundtrack is excellent , and i bought that , too .
in this book annie talks about what she does to write . each author has their own idiosyncratic and philosophical ways and means about how they write . annie shares with us some of both of her own . she prefers a place without distraction . a room with ` no view ' is preferable . she does not even have too many basic heating or air conditioning requirements . she will get by . she finds a room over a garage or a pine shed without out any windows just perfect . no distractions . philosophically she talks about the value of the reader knowing the lengths to which the author goes to create what they do . she questions the relevance of that information . and throughout , she discusses the position the author has ; the removed and yet constrained perspective that the writer possesses in creating the work they are writing . finally , she talks about the author having the power to discuss extremes . conceptually , the idea of `` absolutes '' being the focus of all non-fiction writing is mentioned . the author 's ability to set the tone , the mood and the results are discussed , but with the caveat that the story sometimes leads the author , and not the other way around .
directed by saul dibbs , this opulent adaptation of alan hollinghurst 's the line of beauty - his decadent coming of age novel about love , class , sex and money set in the hypocritical thatcherite eighties - is indeed a feast for the eye . beautifully acted , with a spot-on affinity for detailing time and place , the line of beauty replicates hollinghurst 's hedonistic themes and the moral quandaries of nick guest ( dan stevens ) , the titular middle-class outsider in this world of privilege . as with the book , this film adaptation begins in <NUM> when the young twenty-year-old nick guest is asked by his friend toby fedden ( oliver coleman ) to come and stay with his family in their sumptuous notting hill home in the kensington park gardens estate . gerald fedden ( tim mcinnerny ) is a sycophantic tory member of parliament who is on the rise , and is basking in the glory of thatcher 's economic policies . gerald lives with loyal wife rachel ( alice krigg ) , his daughter catherine ( hayle atwell ) , and toby . nick 's comes from a provincial , terribly middle class background - his father is a humble antiques dealer - but he is welcomed into the fedden family like a type of surrogate son and over time , he becomes a kind of minder to the neurotic and troubled catherine . nick is wined and dined , enthusiastically partaking of the family 's lavish parties and political dinners , trying to impress them in their superficial discussions on literature , art and antiques . nick tries his best to promote civility amongst their affluent boredom , but he 's unsure of his footing in this opulent , prosperous looking-glass world . in fact , dan stevens plays nick with a kind of wide-eyed , eloquent fury , always nicely mannered , but forever hidden is the ever-present pretension and affectation , and as he gazes hopefully into the gilt arch of the hall mirror , this troubled man finds it reluctant to give its approval . nick constantly has to remind himself that he is doing this all for pleasure , yet when he falls in love with leo , ( don gilet ) a lusty black cockney and socialist council worker , he finds himself caught in a jamesian-like dilemma , wedged between the powerful , privileged life led by the feddens and their friends , whilst also having to face the stark realities of eighties britain - the vast unemployment and the rise of aids . the second and third episodes of the series feature nick 's relationship with wani ( alex wyndham ) , a long-lashed lebanese millionaire playboy . while working as a creative consultant on wani 's new magazine , ogee - named after the curve that is hogarth 's line of beauty - nick is introduced to a world of non-stop threesomes , moneyed decadence , and cocaine-fueled days and nights . and of course this all culminates in the beautifully recreated coke-fuelled dance with `` the lady '' herself , the prime minister , margaret thatcher ( kika markham ) . this bbc adaptation follows hollinghurst 's book pretty much to the letter , although in some instances , the film fails to catch much of the subtleness and nuance of the source material . the scenes involving nick 's sex and coke binges in the toilets and bedrooms of his grand surroundings seem hurriedly cut short , and the pivotal scene of the dreary piano recital fails to capture the tiniest social shenanigans and inherent boredom of all the guests as well as it could . also , when the fedden 's take nick on their holiday to france , the pacing slows a bit , but thankfully picks up speed again in readiness for the final dnouement , the penultimate dance with the lady . the cast is solid throughout , but stevens is without a doubt the standout , imbuing nick with a neediness and an obvious desire to be loved . he speaks his emotions and is in need of reassurance of his place within the fedden household . he exists in a limbo space of not quite belonging , and in innocence of the dark undertones of the world he has entered . amidst the euphoria of first love , champagne and high society parties , the young graduate witnesses political scandal , deception , and the ultimate hypocrisy towards his sexuality , and that of his bretheren . the unsaid mantra is that it does n't matter what you do , as long as you keep it quiet and do it in private . the line of beauty is indeed a richly textured coming-of-age story , and accomplished adaptation of a classic work of literature set against the backdrop of a ruthless decade of change and transformation . mike leonard october <NUM> .
black is the first book in the circle trilogy and this story starts off with a bang ... literaly . thomas hunter finds himself being shot at as the story begins and things only get better and more exciting from there . thomas is the world 's only hope , and he 's also the world 's only hope . on two different worlds , life as it is known will be wiped out if he ca n't save the world . only he can save these two worlds , and he must save them both to survive , if he dies in one world he will die in the other . this story is intriguing as well as captivating . from the moment you pick up black until the moment you put down white ( the 3rd book ) dekker will pull you into the story while taking you on a journey that teaches you deep spiritual truths and helps you see god more clearly .
this book captures you quickly and holds you the length of the story . i found the story enlightening as it explained one of the jewish holidays with reverence and warmth . a wonderful book for younger children of any religion
this is a very well designed book for an art teacher with small children . it gives lots of ideas for art projects
some people want to collect anything that says final fantasy on it . if you 're one of them , like me , then get this . the lm box set has only the 2-disc soundtrack in the box . the box is there to hold the soundtrack , the gackt lm redemption cd/dvd and the ps2 game . it 's a very pretty box and the soundtrack has <NUM> songs on it , including the new singles ( longing & redemption ) from gackt . amazon.com 's importing price is outrageous though . find a local importer for this one , it 's only 3,900 yen
if you have a swiss ball and you do n't have this dvd then you are not getting everything that you can out of your ball . this is an excellent training dvd if you want to maximize your fitness conditioning and increase your functional strength , suppleness , agility and coordination . the <NUM> training segments are each <NUM> minutes , not <NUM> minutes as another reviewer reported . the videography is excellent , clearly and simply showing each movement without any fancy fadeouts or quick switches . each phase is more challenging . i would say that the phase <NUM> section can be done by most people of average fitness after a couple of weeks of practice . however at first you may need your remote to pause the dvd until you acquire the skill to transition into and out of some of the more challening postions . let 's face it , if you are n't at an average fitness level then you should be doing a different overal kind of training , not focusing on abs . personally i am <NUM> years old and teach holistic nature workouts professionally . i have shared the training methods in this dvd with several people already and they have all benefited tremendously from them and are now including them in their workouts . have a ball
it 's such an exciting thing to be able to take a peek into the lives of others ..
i got this movie a while back wheen i was looking for j-horror live action movies and suprisingly , this movie was very freaky . it is horror but the `` dumplings '' short is the freakist of them all . if you watch this movie youll understand , just dont eat while watching if you have a weak stomach . all in all , i give it <NUM> stars cause it was one of the wierdest movies from japan ive seen yet
this is a studio-cd with more songs then on the live dvd of the zu & co performance in the royal albert hall . it is a pleasure to listen to the high quality songs ( solo and harmony ) of zucchero with world famous artists like sting , mouse , pavarotti , etc . drive in your car for hours and hours listening to this cd and you never want to stop
i 've heard several different interpretations of the book of revelation in the bible , but this one breaks the book down into its respective chapters/verses . it 's easy to get caught up in all the `` fear and dread '' that seems to come from many sources and it 's great to read something that is more direct . the author does n't claim to have complete understanding , but does clarify some of the mystical language and symbolism . this book will be a wonderful resource for our religious education classes .
even though i 'm not selling my house , i got some good tips for making my house look bigger and brighter . only downside is that some of the pictures are small on the page so it 's hard to see the details of what they 're talking about in the text . overall , you get the idea , though .
this is the best book that i have read about hemingway as a man . it does n't pretend to be ( and is not ) a biography . it is an intimate and deligthful portrait of hemingway the fisherman , the hunter , the womanizer , the drinker , the gambler and all the things that really meant something to him . were can you get such a descriptive account of the pain and insecurity associated with a writer 's creativity ? without this book one can not size the tragedy of a writer that , in his last years , was conscious of his inability to create great literature , but was condemned to live up to his myth and his character . to those that criticize this book , on grounds of lack of objectivity , one must oppose that this is a book about papa like the one that he , when paris was a moveable feast , would have wanted to write about hemingway ......... after all , if papa lived , he would have explained to all of us that time is precious and that he took hotchner under his wings , wined and dined and shared intimate thoughs and moments with him , only in order to provide the young lad with good story writing material . and hotchner has delivered
having had the pleasure of seeing mr. haynes live and on disc in several different contexts , both as leader and sideman , i have developed quite a love for his music over the years . he has the unique ability to push the music to new heights while not drowning out the contribution of his fellow musicians . so natuarally i was looking forward to this release.i was not disappointed.danilo perez , who brings a wonderful , unique latin flavor to his playing , seems to be genuinely at ease with the music while still being quite creative . plus , he is just very fun to listen to ! john patitucci is a bass player whos career i have been following ever since his days in the group tamarac . his stint with chick corea , though , really brought attention to his very solid playing.mr . haynes , of course is electrifying . playing rhythems and counter rhythems which would cause most other drummers nightmares , are totally second nature to him . after all , he has been doing this for over fifty years.in the end , though , all this great talent would mean nothing without good tunes for them to create on . on this cd that means a selection of tried and true standards , with a few more recent works added in for good measure.the first half of the album consists of studio recordings while the second deals with live cuts from a stint at scullers.personaly , i prefer the live tunes . the band has a tendency to cut loose a lttle more and take a few more chances . this , as is often the case , brings the excitment level up a few notches.all in all , you ca n't really go wrong with this cd . do yourself a favor : pick this one up , pour yourself a cup of coffee , and prepare to be delighted
it 's a tough call between this red house offering and & quot ; one more goodnight kiss & quot ; , but this record remains my favorite greg brown album and one of my all-time favorites ( mind you , most of greg 's albums appear on that atf list ! ) . each song takes you through the country , no matter wh'er you live there or not . if you 've ever sweated in a growing season or you 've walked a gravel road , this album 's for you ..
i read this book several years ago and it has been very importan not only in my personal growth as well as being a book i highly recommend for my clients . borysenko 's ability to write in a profound meaning manner , while not resorting to technical language .. makes this and other books by her accessible for laymen . if you would like to find a light out of the & quot ; dark nights of the soul & quot ; , this is the book to read
this author always has a unique look at religious views . practical applications and a lot of stories illustrating what the angels have done for folks . no scientifc proof but the author freely and upfront says so . i like this author and have had positive experiences using some of her instructions . if for no other reason her ideas do no harm and are very good for stress and the everyday worries we all have . i enjoy her books and you can read in one gulp or piecemeal and still come away with a different perspective than you started
` singapore grip ' recreates the world of pre-wwii singapore . farrell centers his tale around the blackett and webb conglomerate based on rubber plantations , but extends to wide-ranging export-import business . singapore was created to be a trading center for the british empire and it succeeded beyond any reasonable expectations . as war edges closer the air of unreality gets thicker . even when the japanese attack malaya in late <NUM> , these people just do n't get it . singapore grip explores this world in detail and from many different perspectives . the higher in the colonial hierarchy , the harder it is for reality to penetrate . walter blackett , scion and head delusionist is still planning the company 's 50th jubilee while the japanese are bombing the island and even singapore town proper . ` singapore grip ' is a vignette in what huxley called `` the descending road of modern history '' . the war gathers slowly , life begins to change , but not dramatically at first . but , the vise inexorably tightens and the world of the characters crumbles under the relentless pressure . escape from the island seems at first an absurd idea , but it gradually becomes ever more desirable until it finally becomes impossible in the crush at the quays . if you are tempted to turn away from this book , do n't . ` singapore grip ' gathers force and clarity as farrell slowly adds the pieces to his masterful mosaic and the reader is duly rewarded . the book has been recently reprinted in the excellent new york review of books classics series . highly recommended .
in this particular edition of the communist manifesto , the reader is treated to an introduction by leon trotsky , one of the central leaders of the russian revolution as well as some correspondence from marx and engels . but it is the manifesto itself which bears repeated readings and discussion . how could such a short work have been the basis for revolutions around the world ? it is due i think to the fundamental points made : i.e . that workers of the world must unite -- -as they have more in common with each other than their own national rich and powerful . in very brief but cogent explanations , marx and engels give a concise history of mankind and prove that all history in the `` history of class struggles '' . be it feudal lords and serfs or autoworkers and general motors , it is still the truth . if you ca n't get this book from amazon , try books by pathfinder under the `` new and used '' button above
`` from hell '' is meticulously produced and has some of the best cinematography i 've ever seen in a horror movie . although the story about who jack the ripper is is a little contrived at times , in general the plot is interesting . all the actors involved are excellent and the movie has the grisly moments you 'd expect , considering the subject-matter . it keeps you interested and involved for the whole two hours , not to mention it looks beautiful . heather graham and gang as prostitutes put in a great and touching performance , showing the human side of the women that are unfortunate enough to have been in this profession in the victorian era , and johnny depp is amazing , as usual , although ( as others have pointed out ) his english accent may be a little off , which i would n't know about since i 'm american . this film is great entertainment and i would highly recommend buying the dvd ( if you rent it you 'll more than likely end up buying it anyway , it 's that good ) . `` from hell '' makes a great addition to any movie collection .
although radioactive grabbed the headlines back in <NUM> , <NUM> , satisfaction guaranteed is the true gem on the album . it is a terrific song to cover , allows great jamming , and is distinctly page/rodgers , a terrific combination ( even better than the current rodgers/may collaboration with queen ) . if you have n't heard it in awhile , you may be surprised . not dated , either
i was touched by the sensitivity , wisdom and honesty of the writer . while written in an easy readable style , it 's a book that goes to the core of human needs and feelings : love , pain , understanding , belonging and other . i appreciated dr. saferstein 's approach to relationships often from the woman 's point of view.at times it seemed that it was a woman 's voice speaking to me . reading about the writer 's personal life , i found many subtle lessons to apply to my own life . i found it uplifting that grief at the death of his younger sister resulted in a new reawakaning to all the things that were dear to him . it made me reflect on my relationships and what was important to me in life
right now i 'm rereading karen rose 's have you seen her ? it 's romantic suspense at it 's best , with a dark overtone . sbi agent steven thatcher ( who was introduced in earlier books ) is floundering . he has a case that involves young teenage girls that go missing from their beds . and they 're turning up dead , and noone seems to know anything . according to the feedback he 's getting , these girls would never have willingly left their homes with anyone . he 's hitting a wall , and more girls are going missing ... his home life is quickly spiralling out of his control , too ... his <NUM> year old son is suddenly flunking classes in school , sullen and sneaky ... his youngest son , who was kidnapped in a previous book , still wo n't sleep in his own bed and is just getting so he 'll allow himself to be touched again ... and steven 's aunt is determined to fix him up with a woman . in the midst of all this , steven meets jenna marshall . dr. jenna marshall , actually~~his <NUM> yr. old son 's chemistry teacher , who is very concerned with brads decline in grades and attitude . the attraction is mutual , and immediate . but how will steven find the time for this when his plate is already full ? this is an awesome story , and if you 're a romance fan , or a fan of suspense , do n't miss it ! ! it 's loosely connected to karen 's other books , but every one is stand alone and not to be missed . her new book , count to ten is due out soon , and i ca n't wait ! !
great movie and musical numbers courtesy of quincy jones and the wonderful cast .
it was worth waiting thirteen months to read the latest alex cross novel , and though it was n't as good as some of the others , mary mary was still a great novel . it introduced a new villian , and it gave cross kind of a fresh start . after finishing it , i was a little sad , but excited for the next alex cross novel
this book , one of the few that takes a more academic , rather than practical , view of scenic design , should be required reading for any designer ( lights and costumes as well as set ) as well as every director . in his designer profiles aronson shows the reader the different processes that can be utilized to achieve a successful design . it is also one of the few books that gives the reader an opportunity to get deeper into the history of contemporary american design , as each designer is sure to mention his or her influences and teachers . far more useful then the practical books on design in helping a young designer conceptualize , collaborate and create interesting designs . unless you want to design in a vacuum , this book is a must rea
this is a highly informative account of both the ideas that led to the development of plate tectonic theory and the concepts of how the earth works . the book is engaging to read and is understandable to an audience at the level of scientific american . i am using it as a required text in my course at columbia university titled & quot ; plate-tectonic theory and its geological corollaries & quot ; . for those fascinated in how the human mind puts observations together to build ideas and then test them , this book is first rate . each chapter is crafted by a different researcher describing his or her contribution to the over all theory . the reader encounters brilliant and original ideas discarded by peer review , scientists peeping over each other 's shoulder , the rush to the goal line to publish first , competition for access to key data sets , a last minute conversion from the static earth perspective , and the thrill of exploration at sea . the authors presents a wonderful history in chapter <NUM> of the intellectual passage from the first inkling of continental drift in the 16th century to the breakthrough in 1966-1968 of the full-blown theory of rigid lithosphere paving stones and narrow plate boundaries
i love it when producers that have been around for a while bring out albums and rap on them . this is the case , kev has got some more bulk in the underground hip hop world now and he 's got some fresh talent like kenn starr and cy young . the beats are amazingly sampled , giving real good kicking quality through your speakers . use of classic guitar samples and piano provide a peaceful smooth sound that is unique to kev 's style . excellent chilled stuff , buy it if you listen to the roots , slum village , or any stuff done by jazzy jeff since the fresh prince
we recommend this book to everyone who likes to laugh . junie b. jones gets herself into many funny situations . this book is filled strong visual descriptions . -- ms. nickel 's 3rd grade clas
if you have any weakness in remembering the acccomplishments of the golfers from the twenty 's , thirty 's , forty 's and fifty 's , this book will be invaluable . it is also a fun read and has an interesting twist at the end . the book cover suggests it is a combination of grisham and finestein . that is a bit of hyperbole , but it is a well done piece of writing and one which golfers and non-golfers can relate to . worth picking up
i looked for years for this cd in music stores everywhere . i was so excited to find it at amazon.com . if you love those fond childhood memories this is the christmas cd for you . my whole family loves it ! now i 'm creating memories with my kids ! they love to `` sing-a-long
having watched a number of mike hammer t.v . shows , i was looking forward to seeing what the author ( mickey spillane ) could bring to his creation . i was not disappointed . i was , in fact , suprised by how well he played mike hammer , and i would definitely recommend this film to fans of all ages . the only thing that bothered me about the film is the often annoying soundtrack . note : the movie is in widescreen forma
the private eye , the mainstay of american cinema , was usually the domain of the humphrey bogart types . richard roudtree 's john shaft added more than pigmentation and turtlenecks to the genre . roundtree brings an incandescent suaveness and coolness to the screen whether he 's browbeating the bad guys , swatting racial insults like they 're annoying gnats , or charming the ladies . shaft is a classic screen character . it 's unfortunate that `` shaft '' is not a classic film . that can be attributed to a ho-hum storyline involving a harlem kingpin hiring shaft to free his kidnapped daughter from mafia thugs . with the exception of shaft , few of the characters in the film transcend the one-dimensional or the stereotypical . it 's on the sheer star wattage of roundtree that `` shaft '' rises above the mundane
eric clapton speaks to the heart and soul and makes you smile and bop every time you listen . he takes you out of your current space and into other places , leaving you enriched by the journey
as a novice gardener , i found this book to be extremely informative and inspiring in my quest to create the perfect mulch . the quick reference guide is very useful in that it provides necessary information about each type of mulch , such as decomposition speed , soil moisture retention and relative cost . i also found the section of definitions especially helpful in trying to determine the best mulch for my garden . it 's amazing how many different common products can be used to create a mulch that is rich in nutrients , appealing to the eye and terrific in water retention . overall , i view this book as a strong addition to my library of gardening books
what color is you diet is a great book . dr heber hit th nail on the head with this one . my eating habits are forever improved . thanks dr heber !
i justed watched samaritan girl tonight . this korean film , directed by kim ki-duk , features ji-min kwak as yeo-jin , a high school girl who runs a small prostitution business with her friend jae-young ( played by the cute as a button yeo-reum han , acting here under the name min-jeong seo , according to imdb . ) these two girls are best friends and seem to do everything together . to raise money so they can fly to europe , jae-young comes up with the prostitution idea . she sleeps with the clients and actually enjoys it , while yeo-jin makes the arrangements and keeps the money . things go bad one day when two cops follow jae-young up to her liaison in a motel , and attempting to escape , jumps from the window to her death . yeo-jin is distraught at the loss of her best friend and beset with guilt over having the money entrusted to her . to alleviate her conscience , she arranges liaisons with jae-young 's clients to give back the money . however , when her father , a cop on the vice squad , discovers what she 's up to , things take a dark turn for both himself and his daughter 's customers . this film seemed like several in one . it starts off as a story about the friendship of two school girls , turns into a tale of about guilt and redemption , and then turns into a story about revenge and a lack of communication . i 'd like to have seen more of the friendship ( with more screen time for yeo-reum han ) , and some things seem rather far-fetched , but it 's a thought provoking film and i liked it overall . the film is presented on dvd by tartan video and has one very serious flaw that i 've never seen before on disc : for the last ten or fifteen minutes , there 's a quite visible bar running vertically through the picture about a third of the way in from the left . it 's as though i was watching a broadcast with a weak signal . i could n't believe i was seeing such a thing . did anybody at tartan look at this transfer before committing it to disc ? i 'm thinking of writing them to say that , after seeing this , i must seriously question getting any more of their titles . otherwise , the film is presented at 1.78:1 , widescreen enhanced . the picture is okay but not great - kind of on the dark side , and certainly not among the sharpest that i 've seen . it is watchable , though . i listened to the dts soundtrack , but it sounded like a regular stereo soundtrack with no special audio effects . an interesting film , and i 'd like to see more by this director , but the transfer problem at the end is unforgiveable . ratings : film - <NUM> stars ; dvd transfer - <NUM> stars
my parents loved john so i am familiar to a degree with his music and the special sound of his voice . i think this cd sounds good and i like the selection of songs . what else can one say ? you like it or you do n't for one reason or another . i like it and listen to it and that 's just me . enjoy what we are given and what remains
there is no type of music in the entire world that can prepare you to experience aesop rock 's `` float '' . and that 's the way it should be . float is the most unique , in-depth , and complete look into the mind and thoughts of a master of his trade that i have listened to . blockhead , and aesop himself , create some of the darkest , most incredibly tangible beats that i have ever heard in my life and i just ca n't get enough of it . if you finally manage to digest and appreciate the cryptic beats then worry not , the lyrics will keep you busy for years to come . the sheer volume of words is tough to decipher as presented , but combined with his winding analogies and metaphors , it is nearly impossible to understand it all . that is more of a compliment than it seems as i could honestly listen to this entire cd without attempting to understand a single word , just simply being engrossed by the perfect harmony between his vocal inflections and his beats is enough for me . to be able to visually read aesop 's lyrics while listening to him takes him to a level no one will ever approach again . if someone like sage francis ( the closest to aesop as i 've seen ) tickles your fancy then give aesop a try , i promise he wo n't disappoint
not only for lovers of broadway but great music in general i highly recommend this cd . not only is the jerry herman tunes fantastic but angela lansbury has one of broadway 's greatest voices
& quot ; mother night & quot ; in not one of my favorite vonnegut novels , but the film adaptation is superb . this is one of the best adaptations i 've ever seen from page to screen , and extremely thought provoking . i give it my highest recommendation
i saw the group of eight in concert about a month ago and i was so disappointed to see the performance end . i really enjoyed their poetry and this book just gave me another dose of it . sometimes you need another dose to fully get into poets , because when beau sia came to northern michigan university , i did n't care for him . i did n't think he was funny . but when i saw him in chicago , i cracked up . poets are funny people . sometimes they just take some getting used to and some grow on you before they can open their mouth ( i.e . lemon ) . i 'm curious why the ninth poet was n't on the tour , but atleast i got to read his poetry in this book , which was excellent from beginning to end . my favorite poem is & quot ; love poem & quot ; by lemon , but the rest are all good in separate styles . all the different techniques and language are what make this group so entertaining . keep up the great work ! i was advertising for them coming to chicago like i would get commission for it and i 'm going to do the book the same way
good music from a truly funny film . aretha at her finest . belushi can sing ! great interprettions of chicago style blues . a must have for your soundtrack or pop collection . good party record too
anyone who dismisses blues music as being sad and depressing and whiny should listen to this album . sure , b.b . king sings about heartbreak and lost love in many of the songs , but he does so in such a way that it is uplifting , maybe just because you can relate to it and say `` oh , that cat knows what i 'm feeling '' . that , right there , is why this record is timeless . all of the songs , with the possible exception of `` help the poor '' , are knockouts . this being a live album of course , the audience is absolutely in love with b.b . and the band , and people often shout out things like `` play it all night ! '' and `` tell it , b.b. ! '' if this were a studio album , it would not be nearly as good . the advantage of hearing blues live is that you get to hear a whole different atmosphere- people screaming , clapping , going wild for the sweet sound of lucille . which reminds me , not only is the guitar on this album fantastic , but also b.b . 's vocals are downright amazing ! they range from a deep gravely tone to a sweet falsetto , and are some of the best blues vocals ever put to tape . if you do not own this , get it , just to hear classics like `` sweet little angel '' , `` worry worry '' , `` how blue can you get '' , and `` you upset me baby '' . an absolute must-have
okay , i have n't actually purchased the fifth season of `` all in the family '' , but what i need to know before i do is how many episodes does it contain ? is it the standard <NUM> ? this info would really help . thanks
this is the third bill bryson travelogue i have read . this has several laugh-out-loud sections , particularly if you have travelled in the united kingdom . it is excellent for relaxing on weekends or on a plane . if you have never been to the uk and do n't know any british people , then do n't form all your opinions based on this one book , but bryson does a good job distilling some of the differences between our nations into an amusing few hundred pages .
this album contains the classic rock song `` smokin ' in the boy 's room '' which a lot of my peers did back in high school.back then they used to smoke filter cigarettes . sadly these days the filter cigarettes have now been replaced with a more potent addictive drug . anyway back to the album . the guitarist and singer of this band cub koda was a wild man of rock who was always great to watch in action as he jumped from one place to another on stage . they do n't make them like him anymore . this album rocks so play it loud and forget about the neighbours ! ! !
as peale was a wonderfully typical yet extraordinary enlightenment man , so david c. ward reflects these sometimes complex combinations in his multi-layered style . written with elegant poeticism yet laiden with fact and academic detail , this book is a joy to read . a wonderful balance between autobiographical insight into peale 's character and a scholarly take on 'enlightened ' american society , ward triumphally balances both the subject and the reader 's attention . by applying , for example , philosophical insight to his subject , to art and to historical events with seamless ease , ward makes a great contribution to the study of an age and a man .
this album is a bit of an enigma to me , the material stands up , really well , but there 's definitely weaknesses throughout it as well . let 's start with the good -- certainly , the songs are brilliant -- `` love and mercy '' and `` melt away '' , both really great sentimental pieces ( the latter in particular is a personal favorite ) , `` there 's so many '' and `` let it shine '' both feature great vocal arrangements , and `` rio grande '' is just magnficiant . and certainly many of the others ( `` walkin ' the line '' , `` meet me in my dreams tonight '' ) are more than good enough . but there are some flaws -- brian 's voice sounds odd to me , i ca n't place it , almost forced , and his falsetto is definitely limited , probably most obvious on `` one for the boys '' and `` there 's so many '' . beyond this though , the biggest problem with the album is the '80s production , too many synthesizers , some of the songs would ( and did in recent live performances ) benefit from more acoutic arrangements . overall however , the album is rewarding , and you sort of get used to its odd sound . the bonus tracks on the reissue are so-so , my favorite is actually the track titled `` brian on 'love and mercy ' '' , which also features a snippet of a piano-and-vocal demo of the song . the b-sides are kind of blah , but the demos are all really interesting
greggs first solo album . cut in capricorn studios with a <NUM> year old chuck leavell on keys is a superb lp . re workings of `` midnight rider '' and `` please call home '' are instant classics as is `` multi coloured lady '' and greggs gospel arrangement of `` will the circle be unbroken '' . if you love your music heartfelt and blues/roots soaked then this is a must have ..
pete townshend did n't just invent the rock opera , but also the `` mini opera '' when he wrote `` a quick one while he 's away '' , which pete often referred to in early performances as `` tommy 's parents '' . well , wire and glass could be `` tommy 's grandparents '' because this rich song cycle delves deeply into townshend 's familiar semi-autobiographical world which will be instantly recognizable to any who fan . from the self-confessional `` they made my dreams come true '' which echoes the cincinnati tragedy ( `` people died when i performed '' ) and the isle of wight ( `` and the band played on until the dawn '' ) to the powerful mirror door which revisits tommy and the mirror in so many ways , wire and glass proves that while daltrey 's voice may be fading , pete townshend is still the best songwriter of his or any other generation . to be fair , like any who material , wire and glass works best on the stage , so be sure it see it live if and when you have the chance .
by reading this book i began to admire bobby jones , not so much for his golf but for his character and his strength in making it to the end . it would have been a lot easier for him in a folklore sense if he had died young instead of being tortured with a crippling , painful disease that challenged him physically and was a test to him mentally and emotionally . i admire that he never hid himself away like so many famous people do that want to be remembered as they `` were '' . i believe that this is the most admirable thing about him . that and his willingness to serve in wwii , landing on the same beach the day after d-day . not just a `` for show '' tour of duty . his devotion to his family , his country and his friends and his hometown are quite amazing . he is a role model in many ways that i do n't even think of golf as one of them but for his tenaciousness , his intellect , his well roundedness and his extreme graciousness . he could have derailed many times but he never did in life . it 's a loss that there is n't more to read about his life to know how he managed to adjust to everyday life and his illness , how he kept putting one foot in front of the other . the criticism seems unjust re : chick evans , jones was very kind in all his correspondence to him which i have read in other books . also , so much is made of his temper which he defends and explains in `` down the fairway '' by jones , as not worse than any other player of the time and shortlived as a childish display that was never witnessed again at least publically for the rest of his life . bobby jones accomplished an amazing number of feats that most of us would feel proud to do even one of such as the many languages he spoke , the degrees , his many intellectual skills , a good family man and most of all his grace in a life
the most redeeming quality of this title is its readability . talbott is able to convey all the drama and excitment of life in international politics . that said , this certainly is n't a title which will help you get a complete understanding of india , pakistan and nuclear weapons . i read this book to supplement required reading for a course on war in south asia and it greatly helped in terms of reinforcing key events and players . i reccomend this to those who already have a reasonable understanding of the situation in south asia and want a bit of light reading and would like to see the soap opera aspect of the affair .
the time he was given was such a little while , but his music was way more than style . i would rate this dvd one notch above <NUM> stars . let 's call it goosebumps . buy it for the experience . the referral is free
when i first heard `` the dollar '' on the radio , i was floored . not only by the touching lyrics , but also by the traditional sound . i could tell that the guy singing it had a deep love for traditional country music , and was someone who stayed true to his roots . after listening to this album , i still say all that . the dollar is a great traditional country record . sure , there are the contemporary `` redneck anthems '' -- '' rebelicious , '' `` redneck side of me , '' even to an extent `` keepin ' up with the jonesin '' -- but they are still better than a lot of their cousin songs . johnson 's true country gift , however , comes across in other ways . the enjoyable `` flying silver eagle '' is one of the countriest songs i 've heard in a long time ( `` i could n't put my past behind me , so i put it in a song '' ) . `` she 's all lady '' is a touching tribute to the woman at home , and `` back to carolina '' is a powerful number . `` my saving grace '' is an ode to the power of blood over alcohol ( `` daddy passed out with his demons , mama passed the offering plate ... daddy kept the devil off my back by taking up his time '' ) . the cd ends with the stirring and inspirational gosel number `` lead me home . '' jamey johnsom , from all appearances , seems the direct musical descendent of george jones , hank jr. , merle haggard , waylon , and others -- he 's a traditional-leaning artist with what may come off as attitude , but what is really , in fact , simple honesty . the dollar is one of the best country albums i 've heard in a long time . yes , yes , he 's the guy who co-wrote `` honky tonk badonkadonk , '' but for true die-hard country fans , johnson is more likely to be remembered for the tunes he recorded here ... and any more he gets the chance to record in his career . his voice is undeniably country , his writing skills are formidable , and his taste in traditional country music is unwavering . god -- and the music industry -- willing , jamey johnson will have a long career ahead of him . lord knows , he 's the right man to give country music a much-needed injection of traditionalism
the thing about `` evita '' is that it is such a remarkable musical that the different interpretations are each worthy of owning and enjoying , much like listening to different interpretations of bach or mozart . the largest negative about this recording is that it 's incomplete ( which is hardly a negative : `` the worst thing about the london cast recording is that there is n't more ... '' ) . elaine paige is stunning , and her performance alone is worth the money . her vocal range , power , emotion , and expression are awe-inspiring , and the recording seems tailored to complement her performance . the orchestration is light and subtle , most likely to show off the powerful vocals . david essex as `` che '' continues to grow on me ( my first impression were not all that favorable ) and joss ackland is superb . the more i listen to this recording , the more it becomes my overall favorite by far . the broadway cast double album is essential if you want the complete musical and to understand the story , and the production is marked by full orchestration and very large cast . the concept album has its pluses and unique characteristics , but in terms of overall performance i feel the london cast does a better job vocally ( especially elaine ) and the broadway cast is a fuller production . i would probably recommend the broadway album as a first choice , simply to get the full musical and to listen to a very large production of this incredible work . however , for subtlety , grace , and outstanding performances , the london cast highlight album stands ahead of all the rest
flawless movie making at its best ! patriotic and powerful telling of the true beginning-of-the-end for the confederacy . ex-slaves and free blacks alike , finally allowed to defend their dignity , were the final blow to the southern bondage of an entire race of human beings history tells us . the truth based story of the massachusetts 54th . only the beginning of black heroics during the civil war . from the dignified talent of morgan freeman , to denzel washington 's academy award winning performance as a militant loud mouth runaway , great acting to suit everything else about this film . and another level of respect achieved for matthew broderick indeed . so many standout scenes , but most memorable , denzel 's beating . back already scarred from his cruelly treated past , he takes his punishment in total silence . only allowing a single tear to fall during a cinematic closeup . heartbreaking . the highest rating possible .
as a long-time tony rice fan , this cd is a great compilation of some of his best . very good listening
i bought this album together with `` breathe '' on the recommendation of my wife because i have been listening to the dixie chicks daily while i work out . i had never heard faith hill 's music before but the suggestion was that if i like the chicks ' music i would like faith hill . of the two albums , i much prefer this one . the opening number `` free '' sounds like a madonna tune ( in fact , specifically i think it is really the same song as `` la isla bonita '' although i prefer this rendition ) . this cd is not as good as any of the chicks ' releases in the past <NUM> years but it 's still worth buying if you are looking for some variety at the gym
i had read some negative things about this album . i am a diehard stones fan and wanted to include it in my collection and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this album . it is pretty fantastic ! i would recommend it highl
the dukes experiment to trade eddie murphy 's derelict lifestyle for dan aykroyd 's sheltered corporate life was genius . to make matters worse lets not forget how much the experiment 's bet was worth
having traveled many miles going to bluegrass festivals in texas , oklahoma , louisiana , i have heard some great music . and the wonderful thing about the festivals , it does n't have to be the headline stars that are so good , sometimes the & quot ; parking lot pickers & quot ; are just as enjoyable . but back to this , i love ricky skaggs , i love him for continuing to follow a narrow path that he has chosen in the music business . that takes a lot of guts , especially when all the glory goes to the hat acts
'escaflowne ' , the movie , is basically a retelling of the popular ( and wonderful ) series . however the movie is a lot darker , a lot of characters in the series have been left out , and some events have been altered , so do not expect to see a movie that stays true to and anime series . for example , movies like ( cowboy bebop , <NUM> of inuyasha movies , <NUM> of dragonball movies , <NUM> of dragonball z movies , blue gender the movie , yu yu hakusho the movie )
`` i believe in love '' is a wonderful introduction to the wisdom of therese of lisieux . reading it made me more fully appreciate her autobiography `` story of a soul . '' each chapter of the book comprises different topics that she addressed in her writings , and serves well as a meditation . i think the author states that it is his intent to provide the reader with a personal retreat based on the teachings of therese . i read one chapter a night before i went to bed . therese of lisieux 's approach to spirituality is accessible to any one in any walk of life . she describes souls as similar to different types of flowers . some are roses , others lilies , and some like orchids , for example . and all can be equally pleasing to god in their own way , when seeking his role for them . people have different talents and different struggles , but these characteristics do not mean that any type is more valued than the other . the chapters are divided according to topics that address needs of everyone ; regardless of what type of flower they are . the topics are drawn from examples of therese 's life and writings , but the author also includes many biblical quotes and some writings of other christians , such as teresa of avila , that support the advice given . it is fitting that the first chapter describes love , as therese sated that is the church is one body , then she want to be its heart , that loves every one , because god is love . the chapter instructs how to demonstrate love to god and others through all actions of our lives , regardless of our station or ability . the chapter `` fraternal charity '' speaks in greater details about relations with others and how to fulfill our duties towards them the chapter `` unshakeable confidence '' outlines advice for people who experience spiritual dryness . it amazed me to learn that therese of lisieux experiences dryness , and helps console me when i feel similarly , because if some one who lived as holy a life as she did suffered from this problem , than i should not feel disillusioned from the experience . `` humble confidence '' is a chapter that provides sound guidance for acting in faith . it seems that there is a fine line between being confident in religion and proud , the latter of which is not a virtue . `` abandonment to jesus '' and `` the cross '' are helpful chapters for people experiencing difficult times , and anxiety about the future ; whether it is the daily grind that is wearing one down , or a specific setback . and catholic may benefit particularly from the chapter on the `` eucharist , '' as the late pope has named this year the `` year of the eucharist . '' the book is easy to read and personal . the organization of the chapters , are useful for providing support to people during different struggles . i read the book through once , and return to different sections , depending on my needs , but each chapter is a complete meditation in itself and the book can be skipped around . each reading makes me appreciate them more .
oswald allis was a champion of biblical interpretation of the `` end-times '' and of the role of the church in the <NUM> 's . he shows very clearly the distortions of the bible that modern dispensationalists and the authors of the `` left behind '' books take for granted . as an example of the impact of this book , i gave it to a confirmed dispensationalist in the mid-80 's and asked her to read it and then discuss it with me . she read half of it and gave it back to me and refused to discuss it . invincible ignorance had set in , refusing to even discuss the passages of scripture that did not fit her scofield-induced template of escatology . the <NUM> preface is prophetic : `` is their [ the jews ] presence 'in the land ' so important that palestine should be regarded as belonging to them exclusively , and should they be encouraged to set up a kingdom there like that of david or solomon ? should the christians in all the allied countries use every effort to persuade their governments to insist at the coming peace conference that palestine be given to the jews ? is this the solution to the jewish question ? or , is the reason that the jew is a problem to be found in something quite different : in the fact that he rejected the messiah promised to his race and was 'scattered among the nations ' as a punishment for his sin , that he still continues in unbelief and yet still regards himself as a 'peculiar people , ' whose destiny is to rule the earth under a messiah who is yet to come ? ... or , is his need , his supreme need , that heavenly salvation which is to be found only in the christian church ? '' another way of asking this is , did the jew 's presence `` in the land '' usher in peace and harmony for the jews ? or for anyone ? read the headlines of today 's papers and one can see that this whole enterprise was and is folly , and yet christians still wear their dispensational blinders , and it is staggering to behold . if you 'd like to know more about the end-times , israel and the church , read this book with your bible open . those who do so will have their thinking challenged and appreciation of the scriptures increased . but i warn you -- it does n't fit the current evangelical mindset and may make you feel uncomfortable with the multitude of `` bible-teachers '' who ca n't deal with the facts of scripture
like many reveiwers have already stated , this is a different type of king novel . there definitely is a slow unwind at the start for the first hundred and fifity pages or so , but i personally found much of it engaging . beyond the main love story and lisey 's coping with grief over the loss of her writer husband , much of the book deals with scott 's damaged childhood , and the outlets the creative mind take to cope and fabricate in order to survive , but also in his case , to thrive . the climax for me was a slight disappointment , however the book overall was a reinvigorated and different world for king
it speaks for itself-someone broke into my car the only thing taken , my diner tape
this book is classic dr. seuss ... fun , silly , and children do n't realize they 're learning something . great book for teaching about maps . i bought this for my <NUM> year old prior to going on vacation . we had been looking at maps and talking about what states we 'd be driving through on our trip . he enjoyed listening to the book and because of the way the information is presented ( fun and silly rhymes ) , he has retained what he learned . he has even referred back to specific bits of information we read from the book ( i.e . never eat shredded wheat to remember north , east , south and west . ) the back of the book contains a glossary of terms mentioned in the book . highly recommended as an additional tool for teaching about maps
gary allan skipped the sophomore slump with his second album , something that usually plagues new artists , but he seems comfortable on his <NUM> album it would be you . the album has the right balance between uptempo honky tonks and touching ballads . the album opens with the title track , one of his stronger singles . & quot ; no man in his right heart & quot ; recounts a night where a man turns down a woman 's offer , an offer no other man would refuse . & quot ; do n't leave her lonely too long & quot ; was co-written by marty stuart , its a fun honky tonk sure to please . & quot ; i 'll take today & quot ; was another single from the album , a nice ballad about cherishing the time we spend in the present instead of relenting on the past . other nice sentimental ballads include & quot ; i ai n't runnin ' yet & quot ; and & quot ; baby i will & quot ; , and he does honky tonk on & quot ; i 've got a quarter in my pocket & quot ; and & quot ; red lips , blue eyes , little white lies & quot ; . the album closes with & quot ; forgotten but not gone & quot ; , a beautiful ballad , one of the best on the cd . there 's also a hidden track called & quot ; judgement day & quot ; which is worth listening to . overall this is a nice album , i think better than his first , so give it a listen
i 've been a fan of the grateful dead studio output for maybe about ten years . i 've recently joined the real deadheads somewhat and have started to appreciate the live jams . i 'm coming along on the jam side of the dead , which i think is the side that most deadheads love , but i absolutely love the great stuff from the `` studio dead . '' i guess the studio dead is workingman 's dead and american beauty . this album should be bought by fans of those two abums . i think this is from the same era , and jerry garcia really seems to be at some sort of creative high . it provides a window into the `` jam dead '' in easily digestible 3-6 minute songs on some of the tracks , and further proof that jerry garcia could write great concise songs as well . there are a few spacy instrumentals that lead up to `` eep hour '' that are n't all that great , but , as stated in the liner notes , these can work as an intro to eep hour . if you 're on the fence about this one , there are <NUM> incredible songs on this album , buy it
background : his first five warner bros. records with the original group are <NUM> stars to me . then came `` welcome to my nightmare '' ( another <NUM> star in my opinion ) . `` goes to hell '' slips to four stars , `` lace and whiskey '' slips to two stars , and then he just falls off the radar screen . `` from the inside '' is more of a vince furnier record , `` flush the fashion '' opens strong with a cover of `` talk , talk '' and then `` clones '' before the album falls to pieces . `` special forces '' seems totally phony . then , out of nowhere with the worst ( or best ) album cover i 've ever seen , he delivers `` zipper catches skin . '' this album features the familiar guitar sound of dick wagner . the music sounds like vintage alice ( with an 80s edge ) . but , there 's something else here . his vocals have confidence again ! ! his lyrics are silly , but clever again . the guitar has bite ... the album has genuine attitude . that 's hard to fake . that 's the old alice ! sadly , this album is the last of the classic alice cooper magic . sure , i witnessed his comeback ( s ) . `` trash '' had a moment or two , but not the classic cooper sound . not everything on zipper works , but most of it rocks .
face it . this was the best damn music to come out of mj , audio or video . jackson hooking up with quincy jones was like ten lennon and mccartneys and and a couple of bob marleys all in one mixmaster . i remember when i first heard this album , thinking `` he 'll never be able to follow this one up '' . i was right ... like a lot of people who thought the same thing . everything afterwards just didnt have it . downhill he went ... the rest history . this cd with sacd to kick its [ ... ] is designed to pop your speakercones right out on to the floor . thriller , right off the shelf all those years ago was top notch in sound to begin with , add a bit of remix and some technology and gawd ... vincent price 's voice at the end of it is sooooo real it creeps you out , like it 's suppose to . put all the headlines and people magazine articles aside and go back to the early <NUM> 's before it all went wrong . michael was hittin it on all eight cylinders .
white horse is nothing less than the greatest epic poem in the english language . it is the crowning glory of christendom 's greatest wordsmith
i find chuck norris 's story amazing because no matter what anyone else said he worked towards and achieved his goals . an interesting concept of this is how he always shows respect and a smile on his face to everyone he meets , even people who scower at him . he does this because its a proven fact that if you fight someone 's negative attitude with more negativity , nothing will get solved and most likely there will be arguments or maybe even fights . this is one of the many lessons you can learn out of this book , go buy it today . i knew i could learn something out of it and i have learned a lot . i 'm glad i bought this book
unlike the first repairman jack adventure , the tomb , which was horror/science fiction , this one is a straight mystery . wilson does try his best to shamelessly tug at your heartstrings , tossing in some abandoned babies with aids , and also some child pornography . add a modern-day japanese samuri , some american mercenaries , some arab villains , and you 've got is a fast-paced novel that could be made into a pretty good movie
wow ... what a great collection of songs , a wonderful album . i am a fan of the church , but even if you have never heard of them , you will find this disc amazing . i am at a loss of words to decribe the songs . my only regret is that there is not a dvd of performances of these songs . i would go upstairs and watch it all night
what a treat to have this updated version of the author 's classic history of boston . the photos still resonate with the sadness of their loss and the beauty of their existence . but this is n't just a coffee table book . it remains the best history of this fascinating old , and new , city . i especially liked the supplement telling what had been saved , what was threatened and what was lost . i bought the first version <NUM> years ago and have bought the second to give to the next generation in my household to say how cities grow and should grow . a splendid book
'space station 7th grade ' is a great , funny , and enertaining book . my son is in the seventh grade and reading this book was like reading a real life story of a kid new to middle school . i really enjoyed the part of the book when jason first had to take a shower after pe . students having to run around in a huge shower room together naked as jay birds is many elementary kids 'worst nightmare ' . my son 's pe teacher has really good pointers , www bganssle com tsshowers html , for parents and kids who share this worry . kids who feel awkward about their first showers at school , trust me and be like jason in the book and give it a try . soon any discomfort will pass . do you have a son or daughter about to start middle school ? have them read space station 7th grade . my son had to learn many new things when starting middle school , the book was a like a guide book to prepare him
i 'm going to avoid focusing on the politics involved here and focus on the music . go to the moveon.org and musicforamerica.com sites and judge for yourself whether they 're causes worth giving money to . if so , read on , if not , browse for something else . though primarily focused on `` indie '' acts , this album is still pretty diverse , which can be both a good and bad thing ( whose idea was it to follow up a typically jazz-pop-rap track by will.i.am from the black-eyed peas with they might be giants ' cover of william henry harrison 's <NUM> 's campaign song ? ) . highlights include the aforementioned tmbg song , okgo 's surprisingly subtle cover of the zombies `` this will be our year '' , former soul coughing vocalist mike doughty 's `` move on '' , laura cantrell 's haunting rendition of country classic `` sam stone '' , and the late elliott smith 's `` a distorted reality ... '' , soon to be available on his posthumous album from the basement on the hill . the problem lies in too many live/alternate versions of things ; the `` acoustic '' rendition of fountains of wayne 's `` everything 's ruined '' improves on the far too muted original from their debut album , but the blink <NUM> remix is barely different from the original ( which is n't a good song to begin with ) , the bright eyes live track is gratingly drawn out , and the yeah yeah yeahs live version of `` date with the night '' is too murky to really capture their manic live shows . as a compilation , this album has a few flaws , and is a bit overstuffed with alternate versions and live material , but overall it 's got enough good material to warrant purchase if you like at least a handful of the bands involved , and again , you believe in the cause .
another generation is now able to enjoy and learn
this film is about a young porn star who of course had tragedy in her life . when she was <NUM> her mother committed suicide . after her mothers death her father has a break down and later develops parkinson 's disease . at <NUM> she enters the porn industry and fast forward several years later she seems quite happy with her voyeristic life . she juggles being a porn star with caring for her dad and hanging out with her crew of porn star friends and every day girls like her lifelong friend played by rosario dawson who is a law student and another friend who is a teacher . i really enjoyed this film but could n't help but feel like the actress who portrayed moon was doing her best angelina jolie impersonation , i mean she had angelina down pat . james wood deserves an oscar for his role as the dad who has seen himself go down . i enjoyed this film , but like many other films i was frustrated with the story at times . it seemed to be all over the place sometimes . i never knew if the love story between moon and her blind date was going anywhere , then we see mon venture off into a new business , then the porn stars find themselves in mini-crisis ' . although it was all over the place at times , it was a great little indy film , the best indy film i have seen since `` secretary .
the nomadic museum , a facility constructed onsite in various locales ( now in santa monica , ca ) out of boxcars , cartons , and pipes is in itself an artwork and the peripatetic museum houses some wispy photographs by gregory colbert of moments of world observation that in context are strangely moving . the object is to bring the spirit of mankind into a space outside the usual exhibition venues and in doing so it becomes an experience for the people . the catalogue that accompanies this show is equally impressive in its conception . no two books are alike in that they are created from handmade italian paper and bound in a cover made from unique paper from nepal . the photographs reproduced well in the catalogue languish from being reductions of the oversized images form the exhibition , but the flavor is there . images of robed children and adults , animals both alone and in tandem with humans , bits and pieces of atmosphere form a journeyman 's eye take on a significance that surpasses the original works . the catalogue for the exhibition is pricey due tot he one of a kind quality of presentation . but for those who want to forgo the expense , there is also a version of the images ( paperback with <NUM> pages as opposed to the <NUM> pages of this volume ) available through this site . if you are unable to experience the exhibition ( for that is truly what the exhibition is about ) then this art book form of the catalogue is a substantive memento of a unique artistic experience . grady harp , january <NUM>
i read this book in record time . greg palast took all the pieces of the jigsaw over the last few decades and put them together in a succinctly written way to make me see in a new light this 'government ' . i am ashamed that our own us media is no longer emboldened to fight this hypocrisy we call a government . from iran to iran contra to iraq and the oil fields , from the halliburtons and all the cronys names who have been hiding for so many years doing so much harm . thanks for opening my eyes and giveing me a new insite into how easily our democracy can be turned without the participation of all the people . and how important freedom of the press and the fourth estate is to your democracy
holy cow , these 10-minute animated shorts are awesome ! the funnest part in watching them is to see superman , clark kent , lois lane and the whole gang in their originality . the stories are basic but smart , quick-paced , exciting , and heroic . yeah , the soundtracks are a bit over-the top at times , but that was the music style of adventure movies in the 1940s . i love the spirited characterizations and some of the stories like with the volcano , the runaway train robbery , etc . i also noticed how the recent donner and singer films have borrowed from these . especially in `` superman returns '' , his flying style of dropping out of the sky feet-first was originally done in these animations -- cool ! a must for superman fans .
` the encyclopedia of food and wine in america ' is a great <NUM> page compilation of excellently written articles on virtually every aspect of the history , education , manufacture , marketing , personalities , and writing about food in america . practically the only thing it does not include is recipes or cooking . even sidebars whose label suggests a proper place for a recipe such as the sidebar on shoofly pie gives not one hint about how to make this delicious dessert . given the size of the subject , it is not at all surprising that the editors have left these out , as both recipes and kitchen science can both be considered without nationality , plus the fact that there are thousands of good cookbooks and a score of books on food science available today , so why not focus on things which are not commonly covered in these books . this means that this volume can sit beside the ` larousse gastronomique ' with only a very small amount of overlap in material . these two giant books have two entirely different objectives . while both works will have articles on potatoes , larousse will tell you how to cook them , but oxford will tell us were they are grown , their commercial importance , nutritional importance , and their appearance in cartoons . so , unlike larousse , you are much more inclined to simply read the articles in these volumes for your own entertainment as much as for your need to know something . the articles are filled to the brim with interesting trivia about american food . one favorite item in the article about spam is the fact that the word ` spam ' became associated with junk e-mail on the strength of a monty python skit which did the same kind of number on spam as the movie ` blazing saddles ' did on western films . another discovery was the renaming of sauerkraut to ` liberty cabbage ' after world war i . in this way , the book follows the style of the encyclopedia britannica that leans heavily toward long , detailed articles rather than shorter articles with a greater chance of redundancy , especially with a hundred or more independent contributors . it would probably take the average foodie about five minutes of searching through these volumes to find something they miss . my first sense of something being missing was when there were articles about charlie trotter , alice waters , and rick bayless , but no articles on thomas keller , jeremiah tower , or richard olney . i would not feel the absence so acutely if the editors had given us biographies on julia child , james beard , craig claiborne , and m.f.k . fisher and stopped there , as all four of these figures are so obviously at the very top of the heap in their influence on american eating and food writing . on the other hand , tower and olney between them are probably as much an influence on culinary professionals in the united states as alice waters . while olney spent much of his life living in france , he was born in iowa and all of his most influential works , most notably his editorship of the time-life culinary series of books in the 1960s was aimed at american audiences . this series is mentioned twice in the long article on cookbooks with no mention of olney as the editor , a position recommended to the publishers by james beard . regarding keller and trotter , for example , both have received the james beard best chef in the country award and of the books attributed to these two chefs , i much prefer the two from keller than the three from trotter which i have reviewed . i suspect the difference in the eyes of the editors is trotter 's earlier ascendancy , his substantial charitable activities , and his better than average culinary instruction tv shows . these quibbles aside , i am genuinely impressed by the overall quality of the writing in the thousands of articles in this work . the biographical articles all begin with a crisp statement of the importance of the subject to american culinary history . in spite of the very large number of writers , all articles seem to share this same matter of factness , with virtually no sentimentality or sensationalism . one joggling act that must have challanged the editors is how to limit the book to ` american ' subjects . and , they seem to have accomplished this with great good judgment . in place of any mention of french or italian or japanese or korean or east indian or chinese subjects , the editors have given us articles on ` italian-american ' food and ` german-american ' food . i know the german-american culinary world better than any other and i give the author of this article high marks for capturing the big picture and not limiting himself to the very easy subject of the ` pennsylvania dutch ' cuisine . although the amish and mennonite communities of pennsylvania , ohio , new york , and the carolinas are at the heart of the german / american food tradition , the greater german influence is much broader , overlapping , for example , the jewish-american culinary world and even the influences from france and italy . by far the best use for this work is as a starting point for serious culinary research or simply noodling around the literature of cookery for fun . in addition to the articles with their excellent bibliographies , there are appendices on general food bibliography , general wine bibliography , list of food periodicals and web sites , major food subject reference libraries , major food museums , food organizations , and food festivals . be warned that in spite of the title , wine gets much less than half the volume of ink spilled in these volumes . i also detected a few minor editing mistakes and omissions . the web site for the cable ` food network ' is listed as www.foodtv.com , but this was changed close to two years ago to www.foodnetwork.com . this little mistake is less easy to understand since the article on julia child notes her death which occurred about <NUM> months ago . still , this book is a great source of entertainment and information for foodies and foodie scholars . expensive , but of high quality as a reference and entertainment .
beanie huge fan of all of the three main actors , this ensemble and the writers and directors will everyone who worked on the film made this film a must-see event . an incredible depiction placed in the civil war this beautiful tale of love and war , friendship and agony , joy and loss captivate every one of your senses . the love story between inman played by jude law and ada played by nicole kidman is romantic , poetic and heart wrenching . showing what happens to each character separately serves this movie well . the narration of the letterwriting brings you deeper into the story . the ending will surprise you
first my review : the recorded legacy of mjh falls into roughly five categories . ( <NUM> ) his early <NUM> recordings on the okeh label which comprise around <NUM> tracks . although they are quite listenable and of historical interest and importance they are not the most enjoyable of his recordings . ( <NUM> ) recordings from <NUM> that are available on the rounder label . the sound quality of these recordings is somewhat disappointing . for that reason alone i do n't listen to them much except for the fact that they were heavily relied upon by people who transcribed his songs for instructional materials . ( <NUM> ) the library of congress recordings ( also from <NUM> ) . these are perhaps the best . the sound quality is excellent and there is an informality to the sessions which makes it like having mjh as a house guest for the weekend determined to play you every song he knows . ( <NUM> ) the ( these ) vanguard recordings , which i think were recorded between <NUM> and <NUM> . these rival and sometimes surpass the library of congress recordings as far as the material goes . there is also a palpable sadness as you can detect a man near the end of his life aware of the fact that he may very well be making his final recordings . the audio engineers did a terrible job at vanguard for a good deal of these recordings . how can you screw up recording just one guy with a guitar ? if you try hard enough you can set the levels way off . that is how . ( <NUM> ) there is also a live mjh cd from vanguard . it 's sound quality is pretty good and it is endearing to hear mjh talk to an audience , but i find it less compelling material wise than the studio recordings . listening to mjh makes you want to piick up the guitar and learn to play like him . the good thing about this is that if you really want to you probably can . many of his songs have been transcribed and broken down in intructional books and dvds . after going through a `` beginning fingerpicking '' dvd by stefan grossman you are probably ready to take on mjh . go for it ! and now for my question : it 's not obvious to me from the vanguard website whether the boxed set is actually a newer digital remaster than the original digital re-masters from the mid 80s . as far as digital remasters go those ones were a bit of a disaster . when you put the disc into your player you would have to crank the volume on your stereo . as you might expect , the careless lack of attention to levels setting in the remastering process resulted in a mushy sounding guitar . i seem to remember that was also a problem with the vinyl vanguard lps , particularly the first one . hopefully these cds really are * new * remasters because most cds re-mastered these days are remastered quite well . my music management software for encoding mp3s has the capability of looking up cds in an online database . whenever i present it with copies of the old mid 1980s vanguard cds it recognizes them as possibly being from the boxed set , so i hesitate to spring for the `` new remasters '' without really knowing if they are indeed recently remastered . perhaps someone else could clear this up
i have to qualify this review in that i viewed this dvd that a friend had purchased for themselves ; they wanted something that was n't immensely detailed , and they felt it was a good reference tool for their needs . i had purchased martha 's `` complete weddings '' dvd , so it was an interesting comparison of the two . if you are looking for a brief overview of wedding planning , then this would be a very well-done general reference guide . it will give you an overview of wedding day idea 's and will be most helpful . you get a little bit of flowers , dresses , cakes , atmosphere , etc . so this is an informative , but basic , tool to help you in your plans . the quality of film , sound , and color is superb , as always . she gives her lessons slow enough to take notes , but still with enough information that you feel you have a good hold of the subject . this is a wonderful choice for the basics of wedding planning , or even for a fancy party . congratulations on one of the happiest days of your lives ! !
after reading the reviews above i decided to chime in with my two cents . although i agree joe public may find this movie a bit dry and at times unrealistic i must say that this is an unfair assesment and that the film has it 's audience . currently i am working on my masters in psychology and i must say that the depiction of an individual who is seriously considering suicide is far more accurate than most films today . despite popular opinion , those who attempt suicide are rarely brudding goths who always see the more morbid side of things and listen to metallica . they are generally normal people who just feel tired and lost , something that paul rudd brings across in spades . although they seldom film their deaths , most suicide attempties do discuss killing themselves and are often aware of how `` indulgent '' it may seem to others , a point discussed in the film . thus it is unfair to say that this movie is bad based on a half founded belief that the content is unrealistic
whenever i listen to this album i think i 'm at an amusement park and i 'm going on these fun rides . the orchestrations for la cage aux folles are excellent and so is the sound quality . i will never stop listening to this musical until i am at old age . everybody who is anybody should have this musical because this musical has extreme spirit that never halts until perhaps the <NUM> ballads here in this show . i could be riding on a motorcycle when listening to all these upbeat numbers and i 'd stop at a red light during the ballads . man , this show is even better than hello , dolly and/or mame only because they do n't have as extreme an excitement as la cage aux folles . in my opinion , this musical is like no other jerry herman musical , a musical with music to be played at amusement parks ( especially the rollercoasters )
hiroshima by john hersey is great book and i would recomend to anyone that they should read it . hiroshima is about the dropping of the first a-bomb on hiroshima on august <NUM> , <NUM> . tells true stories of several surivors from the moment of the bombing to their years after the bombing . this book truly stands up to expectations of `` who is able to read , should read this book . '' i think that everyone should read this book , not only for pleasure but for the true understanding of the atomic bombing on hiroshima through true stories told by people still alive today
i read this book with enthusiasm and a new understanding of many of the integral buddhist concepts - even after having practiced buddhism for many years . the author brings some difficult and confusing buddhist tenets home and applies them to modern day examples which are easy to understand and grasp . my husband , a non-buddhist , found the book quite lucid , persuasive and enlghtening . anyone who is interested in an `` update '' and modern day application of this precious ancient philosophy will delight in and learn much from this book !
can not rate this film high enough . it is in my top <NUM> films of all time ! the acting is fantastic , the story gripping , the action feels real , and then you have the wonderful jean reno , gary oldman and natalie portman , if you do n't see this film , it is your loss
saw the movie and it was great , especially since i grew up knowing willie worsley ( and mr.worsley , if you are reading this , i still hate basketball ! ! ) ... but it was a great movie depicting more than just the success of the team , it was a success for the times . mr. worsley continued to break grounds , and his love and devotion to the welfare and success of many youths , to this day , is a testament to his lifelong vocation , that of a true mentor , father figure , leader and friend
man , what can i say about this album but classic ! ! prince was <NUM> when he dropped this one and forever served notice to the world that he was a different kind of kat and that the whole scape of the pop world as we had known it at that time was going in his direction ! never one to conform or confine himself to any one particular musical genre , he delves into new wave & punk ( dirty mind , when you were mine ) , then grooves us with the nasty but infectious `` do it all night '' ... then he goes into the album 's only slow jam , the lamenting `` got ta broken heart again '' , which is a classic to true prince fans who go all the way back with him ! then side <NUM> opens with the punk-funky `` uptown '' , which truly captures the vibe of the times of pre-aids , experimental , ambisexual , free-lovin ' late <NUM> 's / early <NUM> 's america ! -- which is the world that i came of age in ! ( i was <NUM> when this album came out and it seemed that prince was reading my mind ! ) then at the end of `` uptown '' there 's a cool synthesizer effect that swooshes us right into the classic gut-bucket synth funk of `` head '' , which is self- explanatory ! then , at the end of that , the same synth swoosh takes us into prince 's tabu tale of incest as a streetkid of <NUM> who lives ( albeit antagonistically ! ) with a half sister of <NUM> who is determined to teach him her warped view of the facts of life or else `` put him on the street again ! '' -- a punked-out , rockin ' , fast-moving piece that caused quite a stir back then ! then the synth swoosh takes us to one of my all-time fave prince `` party til ' you pass out ! '' jams .... `` party up '' ! ! this song sends this classic album out with a bang ! the `` dirty mind tour '' of late '80 and early '81 was quite a spectacle to behold ! prince broke all the taboos of sexuality , fashion , staging and just brought a whole new energy to the game that just caught you on fire ! he was the opening act ( at that time ! ) for then `` supposedly '' notorious rick james ( rip ) , whose `` fire it up '' tour was all the rage ! but to those of us who were lucky enough to see it , it soon became apparent that prince 's flame made poor rick 's look like a bic lighter ! after about <NUM> months of what was supposed to be a <NUM> month tour as rick 's opening act , tired of being upstaged , rick james fired prince from the tour and harbored a bitter resentment of him which lasted up until about a year before his death in <NUM> when he had to finally acknowledge that prince rogers nelson was indeed a true genius and a force of nature ! if you do n't have this album in your collection , you 're short-changed 4-real !
this is an honest , funny , and sweet memoir of pregnancy and the first year as a parent . brockenbrough takes us along on her journey as she lives the ups and downs of life as a new parent . it 's sometimes funny , sometimes endearing , but always entertaining . brockenbrough is not as outrageous as jenny mccarthy , which is a good thing , because her book will appeal to everyone . it could be you in this book , for all intents and purposes , and reading someone else 's first experience with parenthood is sure to arm a new mom with insights and hope .
great , great great ! that just sums all there is to be said about this book . with a step by step structure and structured reading this book takes you through the steps of recording , getting the album into the stores , booking concerts and managing the finances . good title for managers and musicians alike , but songwriters and producers will love it too because ti opens up lots of closed doors and gives a lot of unseen information . recommended for novices and experienced people alike , do not miss .
my five-year-old son loves this book . the first time , i read it out loud to him and his sister . he has read it alone several times since then . i think the writing is right on his level - he has tackled tougher books but not gone back to them like this one - and it is long enough that he does n't finish it in fifteen minutes . the story sounds to me just like something a kid would think of - for example , how elmer crossed the river full of crocodiles . i also asked my son what he liked about it , and he said , `` dragons . '' he might have given a longer answer if he had n't been busy reading the book at the time
part way through the book , i paused and thought about these messed-up lives and unexpressed emotions , then it occurred to me that these guys are just like everyone i know . to me , this is why i found the voices so authentic . i am vince 's age and shared his attitude toward those of his father 's generation . there is little narration and much stream of conscious thinking which makes the book , at times , hard to follow . develop a score card of characters and relationships early since it does get confusing . ultimately the four stars are for the implicit language which limits the scope of the book somewhat . although the dialog is onviously authentic , i know that i missed some things since i am not from the neighborhood and the dialog almost assumes that a reader must be from nearby
how can a book contain so many disturbing , even highly distasteful elements , yet remain so intoxicating and intriguing ? such things from a lesser writer and i would have thrown the book across the room . but with this one i could not . i was compelled . marquez is part poet , part magician . it is the only explanation i can find . and in spite of itself , this story leaves you with a feeling almost akin to reverence . reverence for romantic love even in very old age .
let me start by saying that i thoroughly enjoyed this work . if you have n't read michener before , this is a great place to start . typical of michener , he tells the story of a region over the course of centuries in this book . michener has selected a particular river that feeds the chesapeake , the choptank , as his primary locale , but has populated it with geotypical persons , plantations , and towns , rather than any specific actual persons or towns from the eastern shore of the chesapeake . having grown up in maryland , i experienced a great deal of nostalgia for the areas he describes . the characters he creates are believable and complex . the stories he tells across the centuries are compelling . i do have three concerns . the first is minor -- in the green-covered paperback the word `` scow '' ( a flat-bottomed boat ) has been replaced with the word `` snow '' in every instance save one . this makes for some odd reading , especially in the early chapters . the second seems petty -- i actually believe there is not quite enough information in a nearly 1000-page novel . he mentions guano trade , which significantly affected the eastern shore , only in one sentence at the end of the book . he does n't explain some of the early economies very clearly . ( with what was salt purchased from tortuga ? there was no cash available , and credit with fithian seems unlikely to have extended there . ) islands other than the fictional devon island ( e.g . tighlman island ) suddenly become important at the end of the book , and are referenced as `` the old rivals of patamoke . '' if they are old rivals , why did n't they appear before ? did this get cut out of the book ? my third concern is a very strange charge to levy against michener . as anyone who has seen the musical `` south pacific '' knows , michener is strongly opposed to racism . certainly in this book there are whites , blacks , and indians of the full range of character and talent . however , the book still seems to have a strange racist undertone that i ca n't shake from my mind . it comes from how michener ties his story together across the centuries . every janney is feckless ( except for the one who becomes a steed ) . every steed is enterprising , although not necessarily industrious . every turlock is craven . every cater is proud , even if this is expressed differently across the generations . every paxmore is upstanding , even the sad-sack pusey paxmore believes he is acting in an upstanding manor until he looks back on what he 's done . one steed even refuses to acknowledge her own grandchildren because they have turlock blood in them , and is praised by the author for doing so . i realize that michener was using a shorthand to help the reader keep characters straight across the centuries , but the result is rather too `` geneticist , '' arguing that genes determine destiny
love .45 has been working so hard for over <NUM> years and finally the fruits of their labor is coming to bear . their sound has remained very consistant over the years with every release getting better and better . now , these <NUM> songs , are so representative of the energy , enthusiasm and great heart , it 's hard not to rank them among the elite . this cd will prove once and for all , that all those years of struggle were worth every minute . do n't miss out on getting in on the ground floor with this band . they will be successful for years to come !
ioan gruffud is horatio hornblower , to a fault-even as a lean , mean sea captain . his shocking good looks make him an instant hit . but blimey ! he marries his landlady 's daughter maria ? i half expected the bloke to marry a demure lovely keira knightley type . his ladylove is at least <NUM> years his senior , and perhaps this explains his desperation to return to the briny deep ! besides ioan , another hero in this movie is greg wise -- as a french turncoat his acting was stupendous . good job greg
this is an excellent resource for women with endo and for those who love them . i was encouraged by reading other women 's stories to remind me that i am not alone . my husband has also learned a lot from the book and has become more sympathetic . it is a relatively easy read and is the best endo book that i have found . the book also has a sense of humor which is essential for anyone with endo . my only wish is that the book would have gone more in depth concerning alternative methods for treatment . overall , an awesome resource
this book is really good on many levels.theres really <NUM> stories going on.1 is how these <NUM> kids spent thier summer this one time , which is its more endearing side and the other story about this chick that got raped and how a racist town wants to pin it on this black dude.then theres this creepy boo radley guy and all in all its a great book.one of those you have to have read to call yourself educated about literature
i can not believe the scarcity of people who have actually seen this movie . tim roth is an incredible actor , and his intelligence permeates into a very believable role in a modern mystery/noir with staggering twists and turns of a mental battle between the interrogates and the interrogated . the story pivots the balance of power like no other movie i 've ever seen . it is an exceptinoal psychological thriller that leaves you completely satisfied . i had no complaints with the acting or music ( you wo n't enjoy the ending as much if you do n't like oldies music , however ) , and the story is top notch with a script that plays it out thoroughly . the cinematography is above average , and very in sync with the music to make a great finale , and a great movie
this is a somewhat interesting exploration of language , semantics and rhythm . it is more surreal in it 's use of deconstructed conversations placed with new and different contexts . some of it reminds one greatly of korean samul-nori music , which relies mostly upon percussion and rhythm that is based upon the korean language ( listen to no . <NUM> , `` an animated description of mr. maps '' for a very clear example of such . while some tracks are very ingaging and suggest a different musical line of exploration from much conventional music , there is a problematic sameness in instrumentation that is sometimes very uninteresting due to a lack of musical development . the books could end up doing very well if they were to invest more time in their musical development of their ideas and instrumentation . layering samples can only go so far before it is boring
it has all kinds of movie stars in it . i love comedy movies and this one is a diamond in the rough . must have
by far , picture this , is my favorite cd from the jb collection ... have three copies ... one for the home , one for the car , and another he personally signed for me at one of his concerts ! been a fan of his since he appeared on tv talk show back in late <NUM> ... despite our daily hectic schedules , his music always brings us back to a place that is calm , relaxing & peaceful ... now that we have small children , they are even accustomed to listening his music , which makes bedtime even sweeter ! : )
where should i start , well it was <NUM> when my older cousin said let me show you a game . it was of course ffvii , i was blown away by the game . at the time i was <NUM> years old . i immediatly bought the game and played it straight through . i always loved the music , it was one of the many fine elements of the game . nobuo uematsu did an amazing job with the music he is truly an amazing person , if i saw him walking down the street i would bow before him and kiss his shoes ( i bet i 'm not the only one who would do that ) . here i am now <NUM> years old just listened through all <NUM> ( yes four ! ! ! ) cd 's ( which i put on my ipod . i was blown away , with each song i remember exactly what took place in the game and where i was and what i was doing . any fan of ff would love this but even people who never played the series would appreciate it , but if you have played the game straight through you can get the full effect of it . the price you say may be high but lets do a little math here . all four cd 's cost $ 29.18 now there are <NUM> songs . divide and each song will cost about <NUM> cents , yes <NUM> cents . you buy songs on itunes for <NUM> cents . it 's a great deal , i would pay $ <NUM> for this . if you played ffvii buy it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! if you hav n't played ffvii buy the game , it 's the best game ever screw halo <NUM>
as ballad pop goes , journey is there . these are the songs which were played at proms throughout the 1980s . filled with romance , emotional passion and steve perry 's unrelenting voice , journey 's `` the essential journey '' are a mix of hard , mild and melodic pop rock . occasionally , the band would turn out mediocre music , like `` girl ca n't help it , '' but most is still worth listening to . `` be good to yourself '' sounds like a bad movie soundtrack song , and is not worthy of this otherwise amazing cd . there are two disks , with more music than the average listener is familiar with , and only hardcore fans with know . a few hits are missing , leaving a real best-of cd still out there . journey was a pop band : simple lyrics without a heavy message . distinguishing them was their willingness to step out of the known musical formulas . club music was coming into its own in the 1980s , with djs sampling and mixing . their music does n't sample well , and they risked being a radio-only band . as their hit list grew from `` lovin ' touchin ' squeezin ' '' into a rich repertoire , their concerts became packed into stadiums . those are the songs here . it is 1980s music in every sense of the term , but better than just as music from the period , just like james taylor is better than just being a musician from the 1970s . i fully recommend , `` the essential journey '' by journey . anthony trendl editor , hungarianbookstore.co
if you enjoyed `` 33-1/3 '' by the frank and joe show , you will doubtless enjoy their sophomore offering , `` 66-2/3 '' . it has all of the consummate musicianship , chemistry and inventive inspiration as the first cd . and it 's every bit as accessible and enjoyable ! very highly recommended ! !
the dvd arrived on time and in excellent condition . we continue to enjoy the excellent service that amazon provides
after scoring their first number one album , the heat is on , the isley brothers ' followed that classic up less than a year later with <NUM> 's amazing harvest for the world . the band has always had something to say and never have they said more than on the amazing title track . a call for understanding and unity , the song has more relevance today than it did twenty-five years ago . the album is worth it for that song alone , but the rest of the album stands up as well with & quot ; people of today & quot ; , & quot ; let me down easy & quot ; and & quot ; at your best ( you are love ) & quot ; standing out . the album peaked at number nine on the charts
`` alt-country '' would indeed be a limiting description , none-the-less an accurate point of reference , as this artist is obviously drawing from past country musicians.but make no mistake , this is not a tired retread thru the same-old same-old but rather an exceptional modern piece of music.i 'm usually more inclined towards the heavy than the twangy , but this is just so well written and catchy with a distinct melancholic cloud hanging over the proceedings , and this woman can sing.one of the few recent musicians that deserve that designation
it 's hard to imagine this was sam raimi 's first entry into films , considering his more tame offerings such as spider-man , which is a good movie by the way , even if it does n't feature any gore . are you looking for a bath of gory fun ? this is the movie that must be in your collection if you are a blood hound like myself . ash is at his weakest in this version of the series , but this is how he gets started . the cast is much different than that of evil dead <NUM> , and by far , this film is much gorier , as preferred . how gory ? how about spilling buckets of blood , bodily dismemberment and loads of gut chopping . wonderful horror film without any limitations on the gore . and i thought braindead was gory , ha
i could say alot about this but i will only say a little because i do n't need to waste time writing how i feel about this cd nor do you need waste time reading what anybody wrote ! get this cd it is to me one the most slept on album in years but do n't you sleep on it , cop this joint ! ! ! peace
i loved everything about this movie . it captured the spirit of gandhi 's life , had a well developed plot , great characters , beautiful scenery , wonderful music and was a fine example of great drama . it did n't sensationalize gandhi , his life , his impact on the world or rely on a lot of hollywood gimmicks for its strong visceral impact . this is the best theatrical biography i have ever seen and it is possibly my favorite movie of all time . it is truly inspirational and raises the bar for this type of movie considerably . in short , it is a masterpiece
in a letter to the fourth congress of soviet writers solzhenitsyn writes , `` lierature that is not the breath of contemporary society , that dares not transmit the pains and fears of that society , that does not warn in time against threatening moral and social dangers - such literature does not deserve the name of literature ; it is only a faade . '' cancer ward is no faade . a truly moving story of life and death , disease and recovery , cancer ward is a novel with impact . the characters are brilliantly portrayed and it is they who tell the story . from loyal party member pavel nikolayevich to labor camp survivor oleg kostoglotov and through all the characters whose lives fit somewhere in between , the virtues and faults of socialism are examined , dissected , and layed out clearly for the reader . while his contemporaries were busy writing safe novels , novels which towed the party line and supported the prescribed views of stalinism , solzhenitsyn took a grave risk . he wrote novels which reflected truth . he wrote novels which portrayed the real life trials of the people . and , in the end , he wrote novels which were not published in the nation he so dearly loved . make no mistake . alexander solzhenitsyn was no rebel . he truly loved his country and supported his government . his use of brutally honest literature was meant to strengthen his beloved country . it was solzhenitsyn 's hope that by portraying the weaknesses of his country he might help eliminate some of those problems . alas , his works were largely ignored due to the unrelenting censorship of the soviet government . fortunately for the rest of the world his works were not lost . they found their way out of russia and onto the stage of world literature . for this we can all be thankful . cancer ward is an enriching novel and a worthy addition to anyone 's library . this is not a book you want to pass up
before buying any dr who series you should be aware that the special effects for the most part suck . however , the general plot is great and the plot lines are exceptional . this was a must have from my childhood , expecially since it was a tom baker ( the long scarfed doctor ) series . i enjoyed thoroughly because it brought to light the creation of one of the doctors most deadly enemies ( the daleks ) . it also contains a few characteristic one liners by tom baker .
i do n't think that in real life a pastor can actually outlaw dancing in a town but it makes a decent story . great highlights in the film are when kevin bacon taught chris penn 's character how to dance ( lets hear it for the boy ! ) , the fight scene when bacon and penn beat up the corny tough guys , and of course the great dancing during the prom which closed the film
just had to give bt some props for a really good cd after bashing his new cd pretty bad . this is a classic in the eletronic music world and much better then any of bt 's new stuff i 've heard . mmfc
i 've enjoyed all the winter solstice collections except the `` winter solstice on ice '' - now , that 's atrocious ! no . iii is one of my favorites because of the vocals . the version of `` in the bleak midwinter '' is one of the most purely spiritual carols i 've ever heard . in fact i 'm buying my second copy of this cd today because my first has disappeared
this is an incredable book . the images are amazing and it 's fun to look at . i highly recomend it to people who are starting out in photography and are looking for some example artists already in the field
terrific movie - newman and woodward sizzled . my husband and i watch this and we both think it 's one of the best romantic yet gritty movies ever made . each character/actor is a gem and the story is timeless . the only one i might like more is cat on a hot tin roof with paul newman and elizabeth taylor . same genre - great performances , great scripts , family realities
if you like movies from focus features ... you should see this one
american academic ido oren started his research by looking at the common idea that democracies do not fight each other . he shows how studies only support this idea because our concept of democracy is produced by the same historical patterns against which the claims are ` tested ' , a history partly shaped by the usa 's international rivalries . so , before world war one , woodrow wilson , the political scientist , described imperial germany as an advanced constitutional state , a model for administrative reform . yet when he became president , woodrow wilson took the usa into war against germany , and described it as an autocracy . oren looks at american political science as an ideology : its claims to uphold the ideals of liberal democracy , as expressed , for instance , by samuel huntingdon , a past president of the american political science association . yet the apartheid government used huntingdon 's writings , as when he backed it against ` the worse alternative ' of a government led by ` the revolutionaries of the anc ' . he advised the apartheid government that increased authoritarianism might be necessary for reform , rationalising its repression , and he backed its ` centralization of power ' . typically , the cia funded some of his research . oren studies american political science 's characterisations of the usa 's chief enemies last century , its concomitant characterisations of the usa , and its involvement in the wars against imperial germany , fascist italy , nazi germany and the soviet union . `` i document a systematic pattern of change in the portrayals of these enemies before and after their conflicts with us . '' also , he shows the pattern of concurrence between us wars and transformations in political science 's visions of the usa . the soviet union was seen as all state , no society , the usa as all society , no state . he chronicles the growth of intimacy between the political science profession and the state department , especially during the us attack on vietnam . oren asks whether ` american political science might be more attached to america 's regime than to democracy ' . he concludes that it indeed works from the us state , not an objective , perspective .
excellent album , great songs , beautiful bluegrass voice and some really fine backing muscicians , so why am i left unsatisfied ? the total total track length is only <NUM> minutes ! thats not good value for my purchase , most albums run for 40-50 minutes . nice album - shame about the length
i read making the corps by thomas ricks a long time ago . this is the classic u s marine corps recruit yellow footprints/boot camp/drill instructor/obstacle course/rifle range story . you ca n't put the book down . even if you know the story , it is good to hear it again . buy it . lately , the quality of the writing of marine corps literature has climbed . this book should be sold with one bullet away : the making of a marine officer by nathaniel fick . fick gives us the story of the training a marine officer candidate receives at quantico . fascinating reading . fick tells a story that is often hinted at in other books but is rarely told . if you have only one of these books , then you must buy the other . these two books are classic marine corps literature . they are both required reading in the marine library
this is the best effort put together by these boys.the album has a steady pace that never gets odd like alot of turntable albums out there.i have alot of these types of albums and this one is one of the best.great emcees grace the album here and there and the beats stay raw and the scratching sounds unrehearsed to give it a basement sound.i would not put my name on here recommending junk.this is hip hop.in its purest form.all of my recommendations will satisfy the hardcore.50 cent fans dont even check.my list will not apply to you
my fancy apple pie a la mode gives me a happy face and shiny brown eyes . knowing that i am an independent woman . i know i can find a sexy daddy who will bring me emotion and make me feel like i 'm dangerously in love . even though ........ my story of beauty has a sweet , sassy gospel melody . i know i am talented . forever i am not a nasty girl , i am forever bootylicious and i have my mother to thank . so i want to say thank you . but my goal in life is to become a suvivor like destiny 's child did when they recorded this album .
this often overlooked cd is probably the very best all around recording of kenny 's . it 's got everything ! it 's bluesy and beautiful and the material is very well rounded . the tune & quot ; since i fell for you & quot ; sounds like it could have been written for kenny and & quot ; 'round midnight & quot ; maybe the definitive version of an often recorded masterpiece . buy this record . you wo n't regret it
written in a compassionate and wise manner intended for those who have experienced a very harrowing situation , this book explores and offers emotionally healthy tools for healing the deepest hurts inflicted by someone very close to us . based on real-life case stories the book explores in a reality-oriented manner the paradox of true forgiveness that allows deep and complete healing for a person . this is not about blaming the victim or sugar-coated attempts at glossing over mud with whip cream ... it is getting to the core hurt and really mending a broken heart so it is stronger and wiser and safer than before . a must read
whether you 're drawn to suave action heroes tossing out wry quips while emptying machine-guns into charging hoards , or of nearly wordless , hours-long existential explorations of meaningfulness and nothingness , `` i 'm not scared '' will likely find in you a delighted new fan . for the subtitle-phobic : take a risk ! `` i 'm not scared '' is refreshingly original , quietly chilling , and continually surprising to the end . the cast , led by <NUM> year-old guiseppe cristiano , is uniformly solid , and the oscar-caliber photography is nothing short of brilliant . the smart , effective score never gets overly dramatic nor does it tip the audience as to how it 's `` supposed '' to feel . its quiet beauty merely serves to support and bind the elements of the story , while standing humbly in the background . i discovered this film quite by accident , having read no reviews , and now consider it to be my `` find '' of the year . i recommend `` i 'm not scared '' without reserve or hesitation to anyone who ever wondered what his or her parents really did to make their money
interesting and different role for george segal . the movie takes you into the `` confusing world of espionage '' . very watchable older movie and done without all the modern day pyrotechnics . some other familiar actors/actresses are also present
firstly , i must say that it is very difficult to summarize this book in any way . the complexity ( and importance ) of the material is such that there is no substitute for a direct , mindful read . however , if you are looking for a very worthwhile attempt at summarization , i suggest you read the review by abc `` bb '' ( i was persuaded to purchase by this review ) . many reviewers have commented that `` choosing reality '' is an `` easy read '' . while i do agree to an extent , it seems necessary to note that these comments are true only in relation to other books of the same nature . considering the complexity of the subject matter , yes , this book is an easy read . in comparison to most literature , however , this `` easy read '' statement is perhaps less plausable . my point is this : do not expect this book to be simple ( firstly , because it is n't ; secondly , because it should n't be ) . this is of double importance if the reader is of a traditional , western mindset . the content of `` choosing reality '' ( especially the latter chapters ) takes time to fully absorb . in fact , this book was , for me , the anti-thesis of a 'quick read ' . that said , i must say that i enjoyed every long minute of it . wallace does a wonderful job showing the flaws in scientific realism and instrumentalism , chronicaling the histories and the theories of each . he then thoroughly explains the comprimise , the middle way , the buddhist way : a centrist view of reality . while the presentation of the centrist view was invaluable in its own right , the most enjoyable sections of the book came after this presentation . wallace undertakes the very difficult task of using language to describe how the centrist view can be applied to our lives . rather than just offering a theory , he describes how the centrist view deals with the mind , the nature of `` physical reality '' , and the illusory `` self '' . the author earnestly argues that the implications of the centrist view are real ; implications that will certainly force you to re-evaluate the world you live in . the beauty of this book is that it caters to any audience . there is enough science to make it rational and reasonable ; there is enough buddhism to make it real and applicable . i consider this book of utmost importance to anyone interested in modern physics , buddhism , the nature of reality , and/or the self . finally , i must note that as much as this book is a religious view of science , it is equally ( albeit more subtly ) a scientific view of religion . as perhaps wallace 's greatest triumph in this book , modern science and religion are shown to be infinintely complimentary , both ultimately striving to understand the same things : the nature of reality and our role in it . to this end , `` choosing reality '' is a must read
when a pair of writers with special skills in the social science of espionage put their heads together , you can hear the resulting & quot ; click & quot ; in the pages of this very special book . espionage , after all , is the art of the possible . a knows something and b wants to find out a ) what a knows and b ) how he knows what it is . it 's a simple , elegant geometry , and shulsky knows it better than lecarre . i came to this text hoping to find out more about the world of intelligence . i figured , there 's got to be more to it than the cartoonish figure than kiefer sutherland plays on tv 's <NUM> , surrounded by his loyal staff tony and michelle . and there 's got to be more going on but if so , how did the usa land in such an awful dilemma as to depend on its intelligence committees which suggested that , for example , there are wmd 's in iraq when as it turns out , if there ever were any , there do n't seem to be any now . as shulsky points out , there 's almost no blame-sharing protocol within intelligence agencies . it 's as if god made them and then forgot to teach them the words , & quot ; i 'm sorry. & quot ; this is the one book in which you can learn why this should be so . intelligence has changed rapidly in the years since the cold war ended , and there are some satisfying books you could follow up on for post-graduate work , but silent warfare is a savvy place to begin
as david catrow tells us in his introduction , `` ... for me , the constitution is a kind of how-to book , showing us ways to have happiness , safety , and comfort ... '' , and he uses his immeasurable talents as an artist and cartoonist to teach an inspirational and unforgettable lesson that is sure to open interesting discussions at home and school . following a glossary of what the actual words in the preamble of the constitution mean , ( e.g . `` in order to form a more perfect union : to come together and make things better for everyone who lives in our country . insure domestic tranquility : to make sure we can all have a nice life and get along with one another . to ourselves and our posterity : for kids , parents , other grown-ups , and all the people born in our country after we are . `` ) , mr catrow details the meaning of these important ideals , phrase by phrase , using his marvelously bold and busy cartoon illustrations . each two page spread is a clever feast for the eyes , rich in engaging details , manic energy , and droll humor . perfect for youngsters 8-12 , we the kids is a witty and memorable treasure , and one of the real winners of <NUM> that should n't be missed
there are absolutey no negatives about this dvd . just keep in mind , that the videos are all no doubt and not gwen stefani solo . this is one of the best video collections i 've purchased , and as for <NUM> stars , the dvd ranks closer to <NUM> .
john wayne stars in this thoroughly entertaining film about marine wwii pilots . the duke takes command and drives his men hard to accomplish the mission of close air support - a very dangerous endeavor . while his xo does not agree with his methods , he does come to appreciate them later on . flying leathernecks includes some excellent real combat footage from wwii , which adds a nice touch of authenticity . the characters and dialogue will engage the viewer , and really help keep the plot moving along . if you like the movie flying tigers , or other wwii aviation films then you will enjoy this one . or , if you simply like the duke in military films , then this one is also worth viewing .
i love this cd - whenever i want to relax , meditate , or even get work done and hopefully avoid stress , i put this cd on and it is just soothing !
lo fi , futuristic production and real raw lyrics about slangin white abound in this release , which suprisingly happens to contain just as much style as it does substance in a lyrically taboo zone which encompasses such retards as young jeezy and rick ross ... these two do it well and are two of the more superior mainstream emcees in the game today ... the production is also different and fresh ... listen and weep ..
if you do n't have this cd , and you are thinking of buying it , think no more . this is another classic cd from ew & f
psychedelia and hip-hop . those are two words i never thought i 'd be relating when referring to one of my favorite albums of <NUM> . i still ca n't get over it . what a phenomenal idea . the boston based rapper edan possesses more than just an untouchable flow . he 's also the producer , programmer , engineer , sampler ... you name it , he does it all . the production held within is bafflingly perfect . he 's successfully brought the feel of a 60s psychedelic record to the form of hip-hop , including the concept . clocking in at roughly <NUM> minutes ( as most 60s psychedelic records run ) , there is absolutely no wasted space . this is an album of epic proportions that rides the line of psychedelia and hip-hop cleaner than you can imagine . it 's almost puzzling that a hip-hop record including heavy influence of the beach boys ' `` pet sounds '' , the beatles ' `` sgt . pepper 's lonely hearts club band '' , or pink floyd 's `` piper at the gates of dawn '' would come off as such a cohesive set of gems . but it does , and edan proves he 's the man for the job . the album 's intro , `` polite meeting intro '' , starts it off with some music that could be from sponge bob squarepants , then with the addition of trippy sound effects and vintage english vocal samples , we end up in the beatles ' `` yellow submarine '' . it sets it off nicely . then comes `` funky voltro '' featuring insight , which includes a high-pitched swooping minimoog played by edan , and also a funky guitar sample . then comes `` i see colours '' , a clear standout featuring a synthesizer played by edan . edan proves to have a impenetrable flow here , boasting some imaginative lyrics that work very well with the sweet atmospheric soundscapes and soothing 60s vocal and guitar samples . the next cut , `` fumbling over words that rhyme '' , is also one of my favorites . edan pays homage to some of the great innovators in hip-hop , including run d.m.c. , grandmaster flash flash , melle mel , kool moe dee , ll cool j , slick rick , nas and ultramagnetic mc 's among others . it seems that a lot of rappers tend to make an `` homage '' to old-school emcees , but edan simply does it better by explaining `` why '' they were true innovators , which is much better in the eyes of this reviewer . `` murder mystery '' is a sweet track with some music similar to jimi hendrix 's `` are you experienced '' with that reverse rhythm , then cuts in with instrumentation that sounds like it could be from the old `` odd couple '' tv show . the next cut , `` torture chamber '' featuring flows by percee p , speeds things up with a dirtier beat , orchestra string arrangements , and a background pink floyd sample from `` dark side of the moon '' . then comes the best collaborative effort on the album ; `` making planets '' featuring mr. lif . lif was actually the one who turned me on to edan , as he was featuring on lif 's `` emergency rations '' ep and his critically acclaimed `` i phantom '' . the production is especially creepy here , as lif jumps in towards the end at the climax of the song . `` time out ( segue ) '' is a tripped out interlude that blends perfectly to the next superior cut , `` rock and roll '' featuring dagha . which features some cool crunching guitars in it 's very memorable production . i also love this lyric - `` my mental fabric / to big for lenny kravitz / who imitates jimi hendrix in every facet '' . `` beauty '' is up next . this song is really one of my favorites . like it 's title , the soulful production is beautiful . the addictive reverse rhythm , tight drum loops , and soaring flute makes it a huge standout . i also love this lyric - `` i use pens like hallucinogens '' . it mixes beautifully into `` the science of the two '' featuring insight once again . this is another one of my favorites ( it just keeps getting better as it goes ) . `` smile '' is one of the trippier tracks on the album . he could n't have closed out the album better , than with `` promised land '' , definitely a standout . it 's got a very memorable production , and some sick lyrical spitting from the one , the only , edan . i see some people complaining about the short run time ( <NUM> minutes ) . i on the other hand , think it 's perfect . there is so much filler in today 's hip-hop ( underground included ) , that it 's nice to have <NUM> powerful , memorable , carefully crafted tracks to concentrate on . i 've spent most of my teen years listening to 60s and 70s psychedelic records , along with a wide array of classic rock , so it may be a bit more intriguing to me than the next hip-hop head , but this stuff is truly unique . edan may have been paying tribute to hip-hop 's greatest innovators lyrically , but he 's also paid tribute to 60s and 70s psychedelia in one of the most memorable ways possible ; through hip-hop
without a doubt , johnny weissmuller 's interpretation of tarzan is the best of all ! an excellent swimmer , johnny weissmuller makes the swimming scenes seem effortless and believable . maureen o'sullivan as jane provides elegance , as a gentle yet brave and courageous woman , who falls in love with a man , king of the jungle , and yet completely unaware of civilization . the house tarzan builds for her is a marvel of progress , with the latest technological advancements ... in a rudimentary ... simple ... basic construction . when edgar rice burroughs created tarzan he played on our survival instincts , and surfaced the innate fears of confronting savage beasts , and yet , the fantasy that we can become friends with all jungle creatures . tarzan and his mate - simply best in class . it explores how life should have been for adam & eve ... in love , living in paradise , respecting nature , and living in complete harmony with the environment . not spoiling and accepting the simple things offered by our planet earth . tarzan escapes - from civilization , jane 's cousins visit the mutia escarpment , only to realize that she has found true love , family , and home in africa . the marvel of the home created by tarzan is highlighted , with the elephant-powered elevator becoming a fascinating process to watch . tarzan finds a son ! - here we meet a new addition to the family , played by johnny sheffield as boy . both tarzan and jane now have a play pal , and he does a magnificent job at allowing the audience to see how we can grow up in this environment and learn survival skills that keep him active , healthy , and self-assured . great for a younger audience , adding fun and adventure to this wonderful set . tarzan 's new york adventure one of the best scenes ever filmed is when johnny weissmuller dives off the washington bridge , and makes it all look possible , doable ... and easy . what precision ! this movie is fun and cheetah provides many a laugh . the struggle between good and evil are played to perfection in this series , where those in search for profit and wealth , are always trying to take advantage of the many natural treasures that surround tarzan 's simple life , and it is rewarding to see how the hero never gives in to avarice , defending and maintaining his world in its natural state . we loved the set ... and when we visit the zoo ... or go to the circus ... we find ourselves looking at elephants and monkeys and saying ... `` simba ... ungawa ! '' `` simba ... ungawa ! '' would highly recommend acquiring this set
wow this movie blew me away , i saw it with a mind set that i was gon na hate but i didnt it was really good , and it had some comedy in it as well . now there are a few part that are a little cheap but its a fine damn movie . besides what other movie has a giant bunny
okay , first off i make it a point to not say anything about the plot , characters , etc . when writing a review on this site . however , let me say this , i watched the whole series , all <NUM> episodes , in <NUM> days ... and yes i have a full time job ! i could not stop watching ! i found that this series , not unlike gantz and a few other that i have recently picked up , was incredible . i would definitely suggest this to anyone who is even remotely into anime . and on a side note , i wounder if one of the animators work on fooly cooly ( sp ? ) . there were several scene where i noticed similaritie
mr. and mrs. smith , a suburban couple who live in a large and beautiful house on a quiet street , have been keeping a rather large secret from one another - they are both actually assassins working for rival organizations . when the two are sent on the same job and unexpectedly discover the true nature of their respective professions , they wage war on each other , which eventually destroys the not so happy home they 've been trying so hard to maintain . however , when it becomes clear that their bosses want them eliminated , they realize they have to turn to each other . overall , mr. and mrs. smith is a mixture of very dark comedy and some well put together action sequences that deliver a well rounded movie going experience , but , there 's some definite flaws here - some common sense issues , not to mention that there 's no real villain - but the battle between brad pitt and angelina jolie - verbal and otherwise - manages to carry the picture to it 's conclusion
i am a bonified sizzla fan and i love this album because he dared to do something different . it shows his versatility as an artist and shows all that bobo asante 's have big beautiful hearts . i m in love with `` show me '' and `` love you more '' my son loves `` be strong '' and `` nothing bothers me '' . this is a feel good album and i just hope sizzla stays unchanged since signing with dame dash music group
as several other reviewers have commented , this film , gene kelly 's last musical with mgm , borrows its central conceit from akira kurosawa 's immortal `` rashomon '' - only this time , the central event is n't a murder , but a tangled love affair involving a song-and-dance man ( kelly ) and his three gorgeous backups ( kendall , mitzi gaynor and taina elg ) which becomes the subject of a media-magnet london lawsuit . the lovely , much-lamented kendall 's performance is the core of this movie ( her drunken-opera scene is not to be missed ! ) but elg , gaynor and kelly all turn in highly creditable work as well .
a very good movie , kiss the girls , sheds light on a series of disappearances of young girls in north carolina . there are slight hints of seven , the bone collector , resurrection , and the silence of the lambs so the movie falls into the action/adventure/mystery/thriller/horror type of category , though it is way far removed from that level of gore and horror . morgan freeman , ashley judd ( who is gorgeous ! ) , and the rest of the cast carry out their performances very well ! overall , though not a masterpiece it is definitely a movie worth watching , as it will surely provide for an evening 's entertainment .
though dylan and the band had played together a lot before this record ( the basement tapes and the <NUM> tour ) , this is the first recording of them together that was released and i must say the band 's playing on this record is vastly different than those times , different than the live `` before the flood '' as well . i get almost a lose , playful feeling from them here , driven by garth 's excellent keyboards and robbie 's stunning guitar work . love songs , dirges , uplifting songs , tough songs and torch songs , this is a record for the ages . yes , it was overshadowed by `` blood on the tracks , '' but it 's been years now and still `` planet waves '' stands the test of time . i really like this record
a real look into the world of mountaineering that has n't been glamorized or overly dramatized ( in the case of other authors ) . the primary focus is denali , but the book often shifts attention away from it , giving the reader a good look into the mountaineering career of jon waterman and a bit of insight upon many others . for the experienced mountaineer , they can most likely relate to many of jon 's experiences . to the less experienced , it will give a sobering wakeup call to the realities of mountaineering . i must disagree with the reader from ny listed below as stating that & quot ; the author falls into the trap of thinking that climbing is going to give him and some other fellow climbers an insight into life beyond that of the ordinary man. & quot ; for anyone who has survived a truly epic climb , one does gain a bit of insight into life that they failed to notice beforehand , and that many others do not completely understand ... do this regularly enough , and it can in fact change a person . the book was not self-indulgent in the least ... merely giving a first hand account of his experiences , both good and bad . if you are planning a trip to denali , this should be required reading ...
i thoroughly enjoyed this movie more than i anticipated . david horton is such an interesting person and it was really great to be able to follow him thru this adventure of his . also , the movie did show aspects of horton 's life , including his classes at the local college he is a professor , his family , his running routine and his rd'ing .
i have always loved this movie and now i can watch it anytime
i have been using other advanced balance ball workouts for a few years now , but was humbled during phase i , the least difficult routine . i am now able to complete all the exercises and improve a little each time i do the workout . phase i will continue to challenge me just by adjusting my position on or near the ball . i do n't see how anyone could outgrow this dvd . adam is just amazing in phase <NUM> and <NUM> . as with his other dvds , i love that adam provides form pointers but does n't chatter endlessly throughout the routine . i also appreciate that he does n't count every rep
when i found out these shows were on dvd i had to have them . my husband and i used to watch the series and enjoyed it very much . now we are enjoying it all over again . i will be ordering the remaining series . i currently have 1-3
once you get started on the anita blake series , you will be searching for the next one
a most beautiful combination of words in the english language concerning white tras
i love james patterson and am thrilled that he wrote this book for the younger generation . i bought this book for my [ ... ] year old son and he could n't put it down . he loved it , and it was all he talked about . now he 's reading schools out forever and is glued to that one too ! i hope there will more books like these to follow ! i am planning to read it myswelf when i finish reading the james patterson book i am currently reading
the only translation that you can proudly give as a gift . it is just beautiful ! you can also use this version of the art of war to see all the inaccuracies in other translations . it shows each character of the chinese characters with their english meanings . it includes a glossary at the back that explains the chinese ideograms in more detail
here 's a stylish and dark little gem of a sci-fi/supernatural outing , with kiefer sutherland , william baldwin , kevin bacon and julia roberts as really cool medical students who experiment with life and death . sutherland especially sets the tone with verve , and he walks around dark , deserted city streets decked out like someone from a duran duran music video -- the consummate big-city , white-boy graduate student .
if you like damn yankees , you 'll probably like this cd . it 's not quite as heavy , but shaw & blades complement each other really well and the tracks are all solid
i saw this album when it first came out back in '99 , but do to some hard times and a lot of other b/s , i never got around to buying it until the summer of <NUM> . i am huge bone fan , they are the group that got me into rap , and i 'm into much rap , look at my reviews and you 'll see that i am metal head , but i love the bone ! ! ! layzie and krayzie are my favorites , followed by wish and flesh then bizzy . i like all of the members , but i love layzie and krayzie 's delivery and lyrics . so after i finally got around to buying this double disck collektion , i was really amazed at the material on here . first off , i 'll admit that i do n't like every track , but i 'm a white metal head so what do you expect ? but the tracks i do like , i really feel and appreciate them . the moods this album can put me through are really amazing . one minute you can be feeling the fire from heated heavy , where my thugz at , thug alwayz , silent warrior , shoot the club up , world war . then the next moment you can be feeling some more mellow beats but at the same time it 's still cold blooded murda mo going on on tracks like murda mo , try me , thug mentality , these dayz . but there are even more mellow tracks too like paper , smokin budda , that 's the way , wo n't ez up tonight . this album is really awesome , krayzie tears up all the tracks , i love how his flow can go from mellow , to angry , to smoothe laid back sounding . here 's all the tracks that i like off this album and a rating for each . 1.thug invasion-an excellent intro 2.heated heavy-krayzie 's flow is lightining fast and as tight as ever . <NUM> 3.paper-a nice mellow track , awesome beat that keeps the song interesting . <NUM> 4.payback is a bitch-this song really makes me want to shoot some bitches up ! -9 5.dummy man-haha , scandolous ass krayzie ! <NUM> 6.drama-i actaully like this song , it 's really true that the b/s never stops . <NUM> 7.world war-tight track-8 when i die-i actually like this track , no one else seems to agree that is fire ! <NUM> 8.thug alwayz-krayzie , layzie , flesh , and wish tear it up ! awesome beat ! <NUM> 9.thug mentality-i like how he nakes off all the places , nice beat and lyrics . <NUM> 10.murda wo n't stop-tight ass intro-10 11.where my thugz at-another tight-ass track-9 12.try me-i read a lot reviews that said this song was filler , but listen to the lyrics and you 'll see why he wrote this song . <NUM> 13.these dayz-this song has some awesome lyrics and a great beat ! listen to all of the versus lyrics ! <NUM> 14.silent warrior-this song is the fire ! ! ! <NUM> 15.shoot the clup up-love this track ! <NUM> 16.wo n't ez up-9 17.that 's the way-awesome laid back track-10 18.murda mo-love this track ! ! krayzie tears it up ! ! <NUM> i highly recommend this to any bone fan , this will really compliment your kollecktion ! !
i bought this several years ago ( before amazon was around ) , and i love it . i loved the song `` bangkok '' back when it got so much airplay in the <NUM> 's , and it was a pleasure to hear the rest of the musical . however , after spending $ <NUM> on the <NUM> disc set , one of the cd 's cracked after a few plays . it was n't my player , or anything like that - it just simply cracked . so one of these days i will replace it , and then i will be sure to make a backup straight off just in case . also , i 've never heard the broadway version , but my husband has listened to both and says the original london cast version is far superior
the art of knitting and crochet <NUM> was my first introduction to crocheting . it made learning to crochet really really easy . everytihng is shot nice and close and nancy brown 's demos are right on point . you 'll make some fun stuff with this dvd ... it 's great if you love to knit and are always on the lookout for additional knitting projects and are interested in learning to how to crochet . i love this dvd and i know you will too ! !
i am <NUM> - but grew up on country music . i love all music - but especially older country music . i love hank senior johnny cash etc . this cd is one of my very best purchases ever . i have a large music collection . if you enjoy his music -this is a must buy . do n't think twice . the best music is a souls essence released in song
the book is written in a way that does explain the japanese karate training experience very well . i 've done it for 35+ years and his book sums up a lot of things that take a long time to figure out . i was trained by a former jka kumite champion who came to the u.s. with little english and a goal of teaching karate as it was taught to him and figuring out what he was n't taught . he is still a great teacher although he has not reached out for the commercial aspects of karate . the book goes a long way in helping students understand the jka and what is the essence of the karate training . it will be interesting to see if the author can write another book in <NUM> more years about what else he has learned
a `` b '' movie that scores a solid `` a '' . lean , sharp little thriller packs more thrills and suspense than movies with ten times the budget . some of the dialogue and delivery go over-the-top , but this only adds to the film 's vinegary flavor . the real winner is the story , which holds enough surprises to keep discerning viewers on point throughout . film noir devotees should pounce on this , and the full set it comes from : film noir classics collection- vol . <NUM>
the first jurassic park was the best , but i still like some things about jurassic park iii better . the effects in <NUM> were improved , and being the public is used to seeing computer generated graphics in many movies since the first jurassic park <NUM> , many cg movies have followed . titanic to come to mind , gladiator <NUM> , godzilla <NUM> , and many other computer graphic movies after <NUM> . jurassic park iii had to convince the public even more that the dinosaurs in pt.3 were real . special effects expert stan winston and crew do an excellent job in doing that in pt.3 . the raptors look more authentic than in any of the first two jurassic movies . keep in mind that the dinosaurs in pt.3 and just like in the first two movies they were created with the aid of paleontologists , jurassic park dinosaurs with the help and knowledge of these paleontologists advised stan winston on the dinosaurs anatomic motions and even their growls and grunts , through their research and studies on dinosaur behavior . the special features on this dvd explain some of what i am discussing in this review . the thing i like about pt.3 is that it is a shorter movie than the first two . <NUM> to <NUM> min . shorter . the action is faster you get right into the movie . when you see sam niel blow into that replica raptor throat passage , what your really seeing is what paleontologists have done with molds taken from dinosaur skeletons mainly the head and throat . paleontologists have blown air into the molded cast and have produced what could have been dinosaur sounds produced many millions of years before the time of humans , incredible ! i am sure i am boring you with all this but i am trying to make you see the research that went into the special eefects of not only jurassic park iii , but in the first two . i enjoyed pt.3 immensly , shorter cut right to the action of the movie . this movie may have not been the best out of the three but it is better than pt ii . sam niel really played a believable paleontologists . amazing , this movie a third installment of the jurassic park franchise still made over $ 300.000.000 . i know the title jurassic park pt iii . and the special effects drew the people to this movie to make the over $ 300,000,000 it made at the box office , or maybe most people have a hidden fasination with seeing these dinosaurs come to life on the screen , because there really is nothing like these creatures alive today . jurassic park or not , dinosaurs are one of the most amazing success stories in the history of the earth they existed for about 160,000,000 to 180,000,000 years , modern humans only about 2,000,000 years so far . enjoy jurrasic park pt.3 for its researched special effects and fast paced action , no it will never be citizen kane but it will certainly entertain the whole family from the realists to the simple minded . remember alot of research went into jurassic park pt.iii , dont grade it for an oscar , grade it for the scientific research that went into it and the action and the fun . enough already enjoy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the earth is surrounded by a sinister presence - a dark , foul fog that is the tool of an ultimate evil - whose ambition is to enslave the planet with the complete removal of free will . three magical beings , mrs whatsit , mrs who and mrs which - witches , angels , demigods perhaps - appear to margaret and charles wallace murry and their friend , calvin o'keefe , to persuade them that it is their destiny to battle this evil on its own turf and to rescue margaret and charles wallace 's father . dr murry has been missing for some months and the kids learn that he has been captured by the evil while he was `` tessering '' , traveling time and space in the course of his scientific research . while the writing is straightforward , well crafted and obviously aimed at a younger audience , `` a wrinkle in time '' is nonetheless a fast paced enjoyable tale of good vs evil that combines elements of science fiction , fantasy and magic even adult readers will flip through relentlessly . but there are lots of life lessons , issues and moral themes sprinkled throughout - low hanging fruit just waiting for the eager child , the observant questioning teen , the confused parent or thinking adult to pick and chew on , as it were - the coming of age realization that parents are not infallible ; the cruelty of malicious gossip ; god and evil ; the awkwardness of romantic adolescent relationships ; the potential destructiveness of pride or vanity ; the marginalizing of people who are different ; the enormous difficulties of selflessness ; the understanding that all life 's questions will not be answered ; and more . while some readers criticize `` a wrinkle in time '' as being overtly moralist , i felt somewhat differently . it was clear to me that religion and , in particular , christian symbolism was present but i felt that l'engle let it sit quietly just beneath the surface and the story never became even remotely preachy . it is little wonder that `` a wrinkle in time '' has been elevated to the status of children 's classic and continues to be enjoyed by adults and children alike more than <NUM> years after it was first published for a grateful reading world . paul weis
if you are looking for just a general overview of iggy 's career , i 'd say this is a pretty good way to go . it contains a bit of music from each section of his career
i followed anais from the tv show that discovered her `` objetivo fama '' and show after show , performance after performance , she was always the one to beat ! i always knew she would win the competition . she is beautiful , has a strong & powerfull voice , great personality and a true talented star . her first cd just recently released `` asi soy yo '' is a hit ! her first single made popular by the great ednita nazario `` lo que son las cosas '' has been <NUM> weeks at # <NUM> on billboard charts and the cd debut at # <NUM> ... not bad for her first release .... i love the ballads `` que te pedi '' and also her reggaeton songs : sexo , sexo and suelta , they will in no time get to the top of the charts as well . i recommend this cd by anais to anyone looking for a spanish album full of ballads & reggaeton . anais is here to stay ! ! !
as a chaplain in hospice care and for a professional sports team i am always looking for books that synthesize larger topics or `` weightier '' works and bring practical applications to the forefront . calhoun 's contribution does an excellent job of presenting ( succinctly ) the necessary introductions into the spiritual formation practices that have been a part of the church for so many years . the greatest advantage for myself is the ability to use this book as a launch pad into other parts of the community that cover the various disciplines in greater depth or detail . and the practical aspects of the book make this a necessary purchase ! this book is a must read for lay leaders , an excellent resource for pastoral leaders , and a welcome addition to any church , school , seminary , or personal library
it is difficult to rate and review 'time out of mind , ' bob dylan 's start to a string of late renaissance achievements . the album , which is named after mercutio 's line before romeo crashes the capulets ' masquerade ball in 'romeo and juliet , 'finds dylan `` love sick '' with a world that has gone wrong and left him bewildered . these subject matters are deftly taken up with the blues with his excellent new band and daniel lanois at the producer helm and jack frost just in the wings . the highlights are hallmark . even though his voice has aged and is more gravelly , it does appropriately remind one of leon redbone , which suits his new endeavors well . `` love sick '' is thick and bottom-line . with some hefty guitar chords he sings his heart out . then , he comes up with `` dirt road blues , '' arguably the c.d . 's best song . with what can be described as rockabilly blues , he and his band transport us to the texas border for some hot chili . `` starting in the doorway '' reminds us of his vintage work . sometimes this number gets as langorous , however , like the `` ... summer night ... '' he walks through . similarly , `` million miles '' is good blues , even if the title tells us much about the length of the destination . `` trying to get to heaven '' and the beautifully shimmering `` not dark yet , '' really hit the spot with two of his top songs here . also worthy of his latter legacy is the celebrated ballad , `` make you feel my love , '' which is as eloquent and substantial as his best love songs . also good quality can be found with the heavy `` cold irons bound '' . this song lingers a bit too long , but especially the closer , `` highlands , '' does n't come close to reaching the destination and is n't close to climbing to the heights of a classic like `` sad eyed lady of the lowlands '' . 'time out of mind ' was able to capture enough attention by landing dylan on the cover of 'newsweek ' magazine . he deserved it anyway , but this album is a mixed comeback , providing some disapointment despite the hype . in spots he delivers his old genius in a different venue , but 'oh , mercy , ' before it , and 'modern times , ' after it demonstrate that there are a lot of dylan classics to be found more worthy than 'time out of mind '
for those who need their music to be deep and thought provoking , then maybe this album is n't for you . for those who just want good melodic pop songs that crawl inside your head , then this is definitely for you . i play it from beginning to end without skipping a song . also contains deperate fools which ranks among my all-time carmen favorites . unlike most other solo material , there is a hint of disco in a few of the songs . in my opinion , <NUM> of these songs are b+ with the final cut an a+
hello there , i just want to say that the corrs dvd audio has very great sound , i had the opportunity to listen to normal cd audio but this is better , you could play it better on your own computer 's dvd player as well , corrs is the best band on planet , since i used to listen to them , february <NUM> , i could n't stop hearing their tunes one to another , now they will be releasing their new album `` home '' at october <NUM> , which it 's gon na be greatful ! , oh i forgot , g. parsons `` ugh . '' , it 's a pitty that you do n't like the corrs as i do , but please do n't try to humiliate them , i know you are a good human being as everybody , corrs have their own prestige and it 's not a subject of discutio
i have had this cd for about two years now , having bought it when i first decided i was ready to try to get my mind around the endless array of electronica music that had interested me from afar for a long time . i find myself returning to this cd again and again and it only sounds better and better with time . it illustrates the beauty of fine trance combined with fine mixing . there is only one track i dislike . i have carried this cd while traveling and will certainly draw from it when i get around to joining the i-pod nation . this collection stands very nicely on it 's own but i think it lends itself especially well to newcomers and i would highly recommend it as a window to climb through into the vast world of club music
i 've heard breeze on by on the radio but i never listened to who the artist was . this is a great cd - relaxing & romantic music . donny still has such a beautiful voice . buy this cd - you will not be disappointed in any of the tracks
another entertaining book in the series . good fun with some real life problems . book eight is enjoyable too
the music of aaron copleand is timeless and purely amerian . thus , it is the best choice to be in a movie about basketball , one of america 's favorite sports . this collection of aaron copland 's music introduced me to this great composer and is a perfect start for new classical listeners . superb
say what you will about the obvious choices of `` the chronic '' and `` doggystyle '' , my choice will always be music to driveby . this album exemplifies what not only great gangsta rap should sound like but what good hip-hop should sound like as well . first and foremost , eiht is an emcee , not just a rapper . this performance is the pinacle of his rhyme ability before he became known to the public as `` the guy who says geeyah '' . he battles ( `` dead men tell no lies '' , `` duck sick ii '' , `` def wish ii '' , and `` who 's * * * * ing who ? `` ) , he paints big lyrical hood murals ( `` hood took me under '' & `` jack mode '' ) , he constantly reps his hood ( `` compton <NUM> life '' ) , experiments ( `` n * ggaz strugglin '' & `` u 's a b * tch '' ) , and destroys with rapid fire delivery ( `` hit the floor '' ) . he may be the only artist to ever hold his own on a track with the great brad jordan a.k.a . scarface ( `` n <NUM> deep '' ) . production is cutting edge as well and again . after the slightly uninspired staight checkn'em album , this album returns to the original formula that made it 's a compton thang so great - creative use of samples . `` hood done took me under '' is the classic example . eiht rips the isaac hayes sample used by easy mo b for notorious big a few years later for `` warning '' , and a good decade before ludacris used it again on his `` chicken & beer '' album . to top it all off , the loop was vastly superior to either of these uses or numerous others . or better yet , check the clever use of scratches and snippets on `` who 's * * * * ing who ? '' where tim dog 's voice is used to scorch himself . the complete bastardization of bdp 's classic `` south bronx '' was even a bold manuver with , to my surprise , absolutely no response from krs-one . and to wrap it all up , you get the smooth instrumental `` music to driveby '' to round it all out . yeah sure , eiht did n't get the national recognition until we come strapped a few years later . but that album , in my opinon , pales in comparison to the overuse of the same production used on driveby 's `` hood rat '' and waaaaaaay to many `` geeyah 's '' . driveby 's way more diverse in both production and lyrics and does not suffer from any overused topics that eiht would later be forced to employ from the overabundance of other gangsta rappers and their albums . if you 're even a mild fan of gangsta rap or even hip hop in general , do yourself a favor and pick up this classic
all children , especially american children , should be introduced to the first two boston albums at an early age . they are among the best guitar oriented rock records ever in the history of humankind . fantastic guitar arrangements and tone , and otherwordly vocals performances by brad delp all captured here for our enjoyment in perpetuity . you owe tom scholtz more money , and you know it
the cd i bought is wonderful , new just like described . the david bowie/bing crosby christmas song and video , `` peace on earth '' is one of my all time favorites and i am glad i now have it . thanks much ...
vsto ( pronounced visto ) is a most interesting product when viewed from microsoft 's overall standpoint . it is a very carefully crafted product with the primary purpose of continuing microsoft 's continued dominance of the desktop marketplace , and a part of microsoft 's thrust to move more heavily into the server marketplace . as best i can tell , it works something like this . microsoft recognizes that servers handling up web pages , processing mail , etc . are a huge market , but that linnux owns a big percentage of that market . consequently microsoft came up with the .net strategy . .net is a bunch of subroutines ( if you will ) that are written to provides all kinds of utility to programmers . you write your applications using propriatary programming languages such as c # and j # that use the .net library and consequently have to run on microsoft operating systems . in the office environment , packages such as openoffice have gotten to be pretty good , are basically microsoft compatible so you do n't have a re-training problem , and are free . i do n't know how much success openoffice has had , but it appears to be enough to attract microsoft 's attention . enter vsto . vsto adds customization and productivity to microsoft office applications through 'links ' that tie office to the .net framework . so to use vsto first you must have and load the .net framework , then you must load visual studio.net - in that order -- then install visual studio <NUM> tools for office . all of this is clearly explained by mr. bruney in this book , who then goes on to do an excellent job of explaing how to write programs using vsto . as examples he includes some real world applications . most of the book is on excel applications , but word and outlook are included as well . finally he concludes the book with an excellent discussion on pivot tables . conclusion : a well written , understandable and complete book on vsto . if you 're going to be using vsto , this is an excellent place to start
this first selfmade and coproduced solo album from the modfather was what the style council failed to do . in the same vein of much of what he recorded with his followup band after the jam- weller ditched the cheesy synths and made a clean break with a more `` earthy '' soul sound and better production . wellers voice also improved greatly from this point on . songs like above the clouds- remember how we started- and bullrush all sound like council numbers in their style but they succeed on all levels- something the stc only managed a few times despite some great tunes . into tomorrow sounds like what the jam may have sounded like if they stayed together . ( this is one of wellers best tunes still ! ) part curtis mayfield-marvin gaye- with a heavy nod towards early traffic- paul weller rose from the ashes and became a force again . i can not recommend this and wildwood enough- both are essential for fans of any music- rock pop soul r+b mod . other highlights include kosmos and bitterness rising .
this is an intelligent sci-fi thriller that does n't disappoint . it 's a bleak and distubing look at the world , two decades from now . chaos has erupted everywhere as people are overcome by an overwhelming hopelessness . this fear is generated due to the fact that no child has been born for eighteen years . it 's a countdown to extinction . theo ( clive owen ) is asked to deliver a young pregnant girl out of the tumultuous country . to the casual viewer this may not seem like much of a task , unless you can really submerse yourself in the context of the volatile situation . i totally got caught up in the effort , completely absorbed by the significance of this mission . the action really kept me on edge . i was expecting the movie to get too preachy with apocalyptic themes , you know -- hell , fire and brimstone . any religous fanatics would definitely have some valid points . this is touched on periodically , but does n't go too over the top . i also liked the sarcasm evident when some idiot spray painted a sign that read `` last one to die , please turn out the lights '' . there 's always got ta be a prankster . overall , i thought this was a great movie -- action-packed , original , and insightful
lets face it its a two major hit album . still that plus the big pay off experimentation are worth <NUM> stars against anyone you can think of .
man , this dvd is so good . the band is awesome . that 's no comment for chick corea ..
my little brother passed away at just <NUM> years old on july 25th , and i remember when i first started reading year <NUM> , he said that each book only get 's better and i have a long way to go . yes , it took me nearly three months to read this novel , but not because i 'm that slow of a reader . more likely , the story and characters were so interesting that i preferred dragging out each chapter to save myself from moving forward to year <NUM> . year <NUM> was an excellent read with plenty of potter goodness , not to mention the building plot 's twists and turns , and the mysteries it would take a sherlock holmes to solve . forget holmes ... it 's all potter and gang in this forth book by j.k. rowling . as a reader , i highly recommend and back the series . as for my brother if he can read this from afar , man i miss you and i 'm enjoying reading the stories you told me about . thanks
probably the only available good chess movie . ( there are a bunch on other sports but not on chess ) worth watching if you like chess , atleast once
i have season one thru season <NUM> and season <NUM> is the best of the series . the cast has matured and so has the episodes . even though i had heard johnny depp did not really want to be there he does a great job with his character .
this powerful and thought evoking film depicts an actual incident which took place on christmas eve , <NUM> . the film juxtaposes the great beauty of christ 's birth with the unspeakable human tragedy of war . the events chronicled in this film took place on the killing fields of france where the french and scottish armies were entrenched across from the german army . here these powerful armies slaughtered each other for four years never giving up more than <NUM> miles of teritory either way . on this special christmas eve , the first of the great war , these armies saw a chance to stop the killing to celebrate the birth of the prince of peace . as the soldiers emerged from their trenches , littered with human filth and rotting corpses , one can not help but sense an immediate rebirth . in doing so , they recognized their common humanity and fulfilled the promise of christ 's birth which is `` let there be peace on earth '' . the film is wonderfully acted and the attention to detail is spectacular . the most moving scene of this film is when the scottish priest celebrates mass in latin ( as was done back then ) to the sottish , french and german soldiers . while all speak their own language they were able to experience a spritual moment in the common language of the catholic mass . this simple act of mass reminds the viewer of the good that comes when human beings focus on the commonalities that bind us and not the differences that tend to destroy us . i highly remommend this wonderful film to anyone who believes in the inherent promise of humanity and the power of good versus evil .
this book brought both tears and empathy to myself and everyone else who suffers intense and real depression - to hear someone so eloquently describe the various chapters and measures of depression ( `` suicide , etc '' ) - this is an enormous and life work of incredible literature and an accountancy of the horrors and nature of depression . i highly recommend this book to anyone suffering the very darkness of depression - which i can not describe , yet this author does an incredible job of doing such - to those dealing with those they love working though and understanding depression . highly , highly recommended . i can not accolade this book or write enough to express my gratitude and comfort ( in hearing/knowing of others - including the author ) of other 's darkenss which we label as `` depression '' -- i just wish i was as good an author or writer as this ; i am in amazement in the manner which the author has explained the nature of melancholy -- depression -- and the darkness which it covers
i heard that cd it 's soind great , he have a beautifull voice.i love him so much .i 'm biggest fan of ali campbell . ub40 is my life.ingrid of amsterda
cut-paper play is an excellent collection of over <NUM> kid-approved construction paper creations for children ages <NUM> to <NUM> . the projects are grouped by <NUM> different skill and difficulty levels . a variety of techniques is shown . all you need is different kinds of paper or cardboard , scissors , glue , sometimes yarn or a stapler . so the crafts are inexpensive , but very amazing . two- and three-dimensional projects , mobiles and seasonal projects are shown . we got inspiration for many more paper projects for the future
unlike most business plan guides that focus on producing an impressive document , this book actually helped me plan to run a company . it anticipates and explains virtually every potential pitfall for a company-builder . the book transforms the business planning process into something that you can and should use every day . it touches all aspects of analyzing your business and deciding where to go next . i highly recommend it
you can use this bbok to introduce parallel and perpendicular lines
i had seen a few tv movie adaptations of danielle steel 's novels but never got the time to reading any of her books . so i finally decide to get ` the gift ' , seeing that it would be a short read , just to give her books a try . i must say that i loved reading this book , and have already bought other books of hers to add to my bookshelf . <NUM> year old annie whittaker died of meningitis , the day after christmas , leaving a bruise on the rest of the family : tommy , her brother ; elizabeth , her mother ; and john , her father . each member of the family slowly secludes themselves from one another in their own way . what used to be a close knit family does n't exist now . meanwhile , we are introduced to maribeth robertson , a <NUM> year old girl who makes a mistake that would change her life . she runs away from her family and friends , and starts working in a restaurant as a waitress , where she meets tommy . the two immediately hit it off , but there are a lot of problems standing in their way which they must face . the story is very sweet , and we get to read how maribeth changes the whittakers and makes them a family again . though the ending is a little sad , you feel touched by the story overall . danielle steel , famous of writing matters of the heart , does an excellent job in depicting the love between two lovers , between a mother and a daughter , and the love within the family . whether you are a fan of danielle steel or not , if you like reading romantic novels , then this book will be a perfect ` gift ' for you
guys , if you 've got feelings for tim , you 're gon na love this one . if you know anything about honest to god country music , this is what you look for . this guy is extremely good and his music fits
this book , containing plenty of cases in accordance with each topic in every chapter , gives readers hand-on perception on how the theory exists within the business world . i especially love chapter <NUM> : & quot ; channel power & quot ; , which specifies <NUM> powers a manufacturer or distributor may owns and how to deploy them properly in different situation or period . while you read , the book keeps you thinking about your own business and desiring to apply these breakthrough knowledge tomorrow , great
lisa gerrard 's music moves me in ways that no other singer/musician does . being a dcd fan , i bought mirror pool & duality the day they were released . ( they are still my favories ) the insider is a great movie . some of the best work i have seen from crowe & pacino . lisa captures the mood ( much like she did with gladiator ) with her special unique voice & style . lisa 's music has a powerful effect on me and makes me feel as if i am going through a re-birthing . the sadness & pain of letting go of the past coupled with the hope and anticipation of what is to come . the struggle & release cycles throughout her music but always leaves me feeling at peace . meltdown at the end of this score fits perfectly . i love to meditate to lisa 's music and let her take me on a beautiful journey . art at its finest
this is one of those books that every beginner needs . it starts with the simplest characters with the least amount of strokes and builds on those simple characters to more complex ones . i like the book . i 'm an abc and i find it a useful reference as i am beginning to learn and add more characters to my database . in reference to the other review which is warning people to steer clear of this book ; traditional chinese is very useful to know . it is after all the original language that is closest to medieval chinese and is the writing which all simplified chinese writing is based . although , hong kong and taiwan will be switching over to the simplified forms of writing in the next few years , i do n't believe that means traditional characters will disappear .
this is one of my two or three favorite poul anderson books and one of my top <NUM> favorite novels , period . it 's a combination alternate history-swashbuckler-magical fantasy set in the era of the war between cavaliers and roundheads , but with a difference : they have railroads already . well plotted , well paced , inventive , suspenseful , great descriptions . not too deep , though -- just great fun . characters : traditional but not stereotypical hero , heroine , sidekick , villain , a few historical figures , some familiar literary non-humans and a guest cameo appearance by a character from one of my other favorite stories of his . this story makes one really appreciate how well grounded in history and literature anderson is . he also displays that all-too-rare ability to use the english language of the past with complete accuracy , a skill the lack of which can easily break the spell of an effort which might have otherwise succeeded . attention english majors : there 's one other feature i wo n't completely give away so as not to spoil your fun of discovery , but i will say -- pay close attention to the dialo
what an amazing account of a surgeon 's life ! i loved this book . starkly honest , the writer does not spare herself . gripping , heartrending accounts of former patients and the training of a surgeon . i could n't put it down . why are n't all surgeons so caring ? some of the reasons are explained in this book
i was fortunate enough to be at the cd release concert for this album last night at the birchmere in alexandria , va last night , efo 's home turf . they performed pretty much all the songs on the cd ( only leaving out `` no pain , no problem ) with some of the older songs sprinkled throughout . and even after hearing all the songs , we still played the cd in the car on the way home . if you 're a fan of efo already , you probably own this cd already . if you 're new to the band , either this cd or any of their two live cd 's ( portable efo show and three rooms ) would be a good place to start . or , better yet , get all three . there is not one weak song on the entire cd . standouts include `` when the rain crashed down , '' `` baltimore , '' the title track , `` walk humbly , son '' and really , the rest of the album .
if you are looking for the hits of billy joel , this is the place . all of his major hits are here and in one place . there are no live cuts , no alternate takes , just song after song from one of the best musicians of the last <NUM> years . if you have some of his other cds , you may quibble about some of the choices on the set . for example , i have a soft spot for `` leave a tender moment alone '' and that is not here . but that is minor . the 4th cd in this set is a gem , from his talks on the `` business '' of music , how records actually do get made . you get a feel for joel as a person as he talks about growing up as he explains how and why he wrote songs such as scenes , vienna and piano man
`` war and remberance '' is a is the conclusion to herman wouk 's `` winds of war '' . the characters we follow in this series are ficitional though the setting of pre-world two and the carnage of the actual war is real . the story is true to life in every aspect . the actors in the story are excellent ! the story of the henry 's , the jastrow 's is heartbreaking . the concentration camp settings are so real , one is not likely to forget the personal side war of hitler . this story makes you ask how did one person , hitler , who indeed was mad , `` weild so much power ? '' this series is well worth the watching .
my feeling of europe '72 is this : love , love , love disc <NUM> . every song is performed with energy , great jams and one of my favorite tennesse jed 's ever . disc <NUM> on the other hand bores me a bit . truckin ' is great , but the prelude & gt ; morning dew is boring to me . but the bonus material ( starting with a beautiful and etheral looks like rain ) redeems it . so not a perfect live disc , no other official releases truly shows the creative live peak musically and songwriting-erly ( is that a word ? ) the boys were in <NUM> , in the midst of their prime
if you 've seen the old mystic fire vhs of these films , you will be amazed at the quality of this dvd . innauguration is breathtakingly vivid . i have n't even been able to watch all of the films yet , only eaux d'artifice and innauguration , but i was so enthused by what i had seen that i could n't wait to get on here and praise it . ken is a visionary film maker in the most literal sense of the word . these films also come from an interesting milieu of individuals and circumstances and are important historical documents as well as lovely works of art . as a thelemite , i have long admired anger 's art and his dedication to promulgating aleister crowley 's teachings . yet his art , although rooted in a thelemic idiom , is not trapped by it , and it should appeal to anyone interested in the visual language of transcendence . i 'm already slavering for volume ii
wow - this cd set has it all ! i particulary like the 4th cd and play it all the time for my <NUM> month old . you 'll definitely enjoy hours upon hours of kiddie music
this is an excellent cd ! i honestly ca n't listen to the cd enough . i 've had friends listen to the cd who are n't even interested in any sort of celtic or instrumental music and they also raved over it . mcgoldrick needs to put out another one
neil diamond is brilliant in this performance , and moreso with the musical score . excellent , excellent show , you 'll want to watch again and agai
very energetic and extremely well done . excellent guitarists . they really beat on those guitars
first the good news . this book contains some of heinlein 's most interesting speculations , some of his most delightfully outlandish ideas ( there is a cat who really can dematerialize and walk through walls , and enough skewed gender politics and sexual antics to give the book an x rating : - ) ) , some of his most interesting characters ( several of them new , and many old , such as lazarus long and jubal harshaw ) , and probably the most well developed presentation of the concept of the world as myth . heinlein uses this idea to tie together the different books , such as glory road , stranger in a strange land , and the number of the beast , that are not a part of his future history series , by making them all members of the multiple timeline universe , or multiverse theory , that was discovered by mathematician dr. jake burroughs in the number of the beast . it 's a brilliant concept that unifies heinlein 's entire oeuvre under one integrating theory of temporal reality . now the bad news . the novel is very uneven and much of the action does n't seem to go anywhere , as dr. ames and hilda get chased from pressure dome to pressure dome on luna , finally ending up at time corps headquarters in another millenium . even worse , the ending is possibly the most unsatisfactory of any heinlein novel as it leaves the entire novel 's story and denouement unfinished , perhaps because heinlein intended to follow the book up with another novel . but as that never happened here it just ends in the middle of the action and there is nothing more to indicate how the story actually ends . half way through the book , it takes off in an unexpected direction ( although that 's part of the fun , since that 's where you get to meet all the other characters from past novels ) , and is where one finally learns that this novel is subsumed under heinlein 's temporal multiverse concept . still , there is little to motivate that based on the previous direction of the book . the hard-hitting , in your face , ultra-cool , smarter-than-you dialog that is one of heinlein 's trademarks , is so ubiquitous in the book so as to make it impossible to distinguish many secondary character 's personalities from one another , as they all act and talk and think the same way -- which is basically how gwen novak and dr. richard ames behave too . finally , almost everyone in the book is apparently a completely larcenous , opportunistic , and immoral entrepreneur who would sell his own grandmother to the glue factory if he could get away with it , especially the citizens of luna , who are proudly anarchistic , and who ardently believe that there ai n't no such thing as a free lunch . but apparently that means it 's okay to steal someone else 's lunch if you can get away with it . after awhile this never ending procession of unrepentent and ebullient scalawags , rogues , and profiteers gets to be a little tedious , and seems to indicate a darkening of heinlein 's views on human nature which first became evident in his novel , friday . the novel is still well worth reading for heinlein fans , but only if you 're familiar with many previous characters , concepts , and history from earlier works . at a minimum , this would include methuselah 's children , the green hills of earth , the moon is a harsh mistress , stranger in a strange land , the number of the beast , glory road , and possibly a few more that i 'm forgetting . so if you 're a newcomer to heinlein , do n't start with this book ; start with the many better introductions to his fiction , such as those recommended on several websites developed to his work . if you do a google search on his name , you 'll turn up several of these . the book assumes too much previous special knowledge to be comprehensible to the heinlein beginner , and reading this one could turn someone off who might otherwise enjoy heinlein with a little more knowledge and education . all that having been said , the book is still worth reading , especially for heinlein fans , since in this novel heinlein fully develops the theory of the world as myth that he introduced in the number of the beast . another strong point , for all those lazarus long fans , is that lazarus has a major role . and in the last part of the book , some of heinlein 's most memorable characters from previous books , such as jubal harshaw , slipstick libby , mannie davis , rufus and star ( from glory road ) hazel stone , jake burroughs , and others appear , and it 's fun to have all of them in one place at temporal headquarters interacting together
in my opinion , john cage 's in a landscape is the most beautiful peice for piano of absolute all time . never has there been a classical peice for this instrument that truely got to me personally than this . and never will there ever be . in a landscape goes beyond 'music ' and is an entity in itself that speaks on many levels . it 's so simple and yet is so powerful . this is a must for any music lover or/and a person who would like to get to know the many works of john cage
i must admit that i was reluctant to buy this set thinking `` oh no , not another batch of slapstick comedies '' but being the silent film completist that i am i purchased it . although i 'm glad i did , this set is primarily for hardcore silent film afficionados like myself . while there are a couple of offerings from chaplin and lloyd and single comedies from charley chase and stan laurel , the bulk of this <NUM> dvd set is devoted to lesser known comedians and in a couple of instances truly obscure ones . this would probably make american slapstick of little interest to the public at large . all of the films included here are taken from 16mm source materials and while many of the prints are in very good condition , they are not up to the standards set by earlier collections from kino and image entertainment although this title is being distributed by image . for the serious collector that is more than offset by the raritiy of some of the comedies in this collection . do the names eddie boland , perry murdock or frances lee ring a bell ? there are also complete versions of frequently excerpted shorts such as larry semon 's golf ( <NUM> ) and the ton of fun 's heavy love ( <NUM> ) . the snub pollard starring vehicle sold at auction ( <NUM> ) is one of the more amazing silent offerings i 've ever seen complete with an astonishing array of imaginative camera tricks . the set is worth it for this comedy alone although billy bevan 's lizzies of the field ( great title ! ) from <NUM> is not far behind . final assessment : american slapstick features an interesting batch of curios from long forgotten or up and coming comedians in mostly good condition with suitable musical accompaniment provided by three different performers . a must for diehard fans of silent comedy but not the ideal set to start off with
dvd arrived in condition stated and within the estimated delivery time . thank you
a `` must have '' classic ! keeps you watching on the edge of your chair and wanting for more . i highly recommend
this dvd is fascinating ! we are history fans and this very enlightening dvd is loaded with facts and cuts of movies that you wo n't believe
this is , without doubt , the most incredible book i have ever read . it may completely change your opinions on foreign policy or may reinforce what you already believe , but it is sure to generate some response and some discussion . sharansky respectfully tells it like it is : when politicians have been wrong , why they 've been wrong , and what they should have done differently . his governmental criticism transcends party lines , and even sharansky himself , a jew and a member of numerous israeli cabinets , says that a palestinian state is the only way israel will have peace . this book is everything you 'd expect with everything you would n't - read it
i have read <NUM> of edgar cayce 's books , this is my 8th . i told myself that i would n't read anymore egar cayce books until i 've read his life story . i 'm still reading edgar cayce books after reading , & quot ; there is a river ... & quot ; and now i appreciate his books much more now that i know who the individual is . this book is very in depth , but there are some questions that i have that remain unanswered about his life . perhaps i 'll get more info from the book , & quot ; edgar cayce : an american prophet & quot ; . what i love about mr. cayce is that through the whole book , no matter how much fame he got , or how many people looked up to him , he always stayed humble and close to the bible , which says a lot compared to some psychics that become arrogant just because they have stronger psychic ability than most people . he used his ability not to get rich , but to help people even though he was poor himself . god bless is soul
this thick soft-backed `` pocket '' book has <NUM> pages . it could be called the complete whitman . it contains hundreds of poems . i am a senior citizen who had not read any whitman for more than <NUM> years and am enjoying it very much . his descriptions of the 19th century 's people , places , and inventions are eye-openers . he was actually a feminist before there was such a concept , and also an abolitionist . he truly believed in equality and democracy . he was a nature lover and wanted to protect the environment . of course , there are parts i could quibble about , but that would be foolish . whitman was a man ahead of his time .
this book is a fine representation of erotica through the ages with examples from portfolios of great photographers . this is a great anthology of primitive to the modern world of glamour/erotic photography
i will be doing a review on the legendary masterpiece cd album entitled `` are you experienced ? '' by the late great guitar legend , the one and only jimi hendrix . this cd album was originally released on vinyl in <NUM> on jimi 's old reprise records label affiliated with warner brothers and once owned by the late great frank sinatra . i own three ( <NUM> ) different versions of this album on cd and the matrix or id numbers are as follows : <NUM> 416-2 , 6261-2 and mcad-10893 . two of the three cd 's i own are definitely collector 's items which i will never sell . if i hear or read any new information concerning this legendary album , i will edit this review so that you the consumer will get the best and most accurate review possible . in my opinion , this album has to rank in the top <NUM> as one of the greatest albums ever recorded . mojo magazine recently held a poll as to what album is the greatest instrumental album of all time . guess what , jimi hendrix 's `` are you experienced ? '' from <NUM> won the poll as the greatest instrumental album of all-time ! this album truly deserves it ! all the songs listed in this album are g-r-e-a-t ! i also noticed that on all three versions i own of this album contain different song tracks or omitted main songs such as `` purple haze , '' `` the wind cries mary '' and `` foxey lady . '' these rockers and ballad along with `` manic depression , '' `` fire , '' `` can you see me , '' `` i do n't live today '' and the main centerpiece of the album entitled `` are you experienced ? '' are all great songs that compliment this album . in my opinion , my favorite songs on this album are `` may this be love '' and `` remember . '' these two songs are so beautifully crafted and so well written by hendrix that his emotions flow through his guitar and music resulting in some of the greatest masterpieces on this album and in rock n ' roll history . `` may this be love '' sounds so beautiful , romantic and poetic that you can not help but be absorbed and feel hypnotized by this slow mellow song but powerful ! i can talk about all of these songs but it will extend this review into a long review like my previous hendrix reviews in the past . i highly reccommend this album and is a must and necessity for everyone to own in their music collection . in closing , jimi hendrix is the first true guitar god that has left his mark in rock n ' roll history and will never be forgotten . his accomplishments in rock n ' roll as well as the blues are revolutionary and legendary , there is only one jimi hendrix that comes along in a lifetime . there will never be another jimi hendrix . what a tragic loss for rock n ' roll . i hope you enjoyed reading my review as much as i enjoyed writing it for all of you . i also hope that you will read all of my other reviews in the near future when time permits . jimi lives ! long live rock n ' roll ! rock out always and take care . j.l .
i think it is the americana montages that make the jerry wald/mark robson production of peyton place ( <NUM> , fox ) my favorite small-town america soap opera of all time . grace metalious ' scuzzy and scandalous best-selling novel has been carefully adapted by john michael hayes ( rear window and other <NUM> 's hitchcock gems ) . hampered by censorship that would not allow selena ( oscar nominee hope lange ) to have an abortion , it becomes a secret miscarriage and a public appendectomy . sex scenes become romantic kisses in a vertical position . this is one movie that was actually improved by censorship that forced producer wald , director robson , and writer hayes ( all oscar nominees here ) to get more creative . the movie garnered nine oscar nominations in all , lost all of them in the finals to either the bridge on the river kwai or sayonara , and was a box office blockbuster that vastly improves on the trashy novel . ( caution -- plot spoilers throughout ! ) partially filmed in camden and other very scenic coastal maine locations , peyton place opens with first-person narration by very likeable heroine allison mackenzie ( oscar nominated newcomer diane varsi ) about the beauty of the seasons in her town . she is then seen having a hasty breakfast with mom constance ( best actress oscar nominee lana turner ) before she runs off to high school . seeming drifter mike rossi ( lee phillips ) arrives by car in town and witnesses the son of brutal lucas cross ( oscar nominee arthur kennedy ) and wife nellie ( betty field ) leave home . nellie works as the mackenzie maid . lucas is the alcoholic school janitor . one of my favorite scenes is a montage of allison running through backyards and the woods to get to high school , backed by one of franz waxman 's loveliest scores and william mellor 's beautiful use of cinemascope . at school , mildred dunnock ( miss thornton ) teaches twelfth grade and is expected to be the new principal . but mike rossi becomes the new school principal . we also meet other school board members , including kindly town doctor doc swain ( lloyd nolan in a career performance ) and harrington ( leon ames ) , who runs a textile mill that is the town 's biggest industry . in miss thornton 's classroom , we also meet nice guy male hero norman page ( oscar nominee russ tamblyn ) . so in just the first reel , we are introduced to almost all of the major characters . norman and allison are an appealing central couple . radiating out from them are selena and david nelson , constance and mike rossi ( whose book sex scenes are reduced to forced kisses ) , and bad girl betty anderson ( terry moore ) and harrington 's horny son rodney ( barry coe ) for more dramatic tension and later misunderstandings . ( plot spoilers-beware ! ) the rest of a well-paced and engrossing film masterpiece follows these different couples all over town for <NUM> minutes . selena gets raped by her stepfather lucas , resulting in the miscarriage that is publicly called an appendectomy . allison wants to be a writer . david nelson wants to be a lawyer . since the time period here is world war two , norman and rodney both go off to fight overseas . there is a beautiful high school dance to auld lang syne and an exquisite montage of boats on maine 's penobscot bay and the glory of summer after a nostalgic high school graduation . there is also an extended sequence in the film 's middle for labor day that rivals labor day in picnic ( <NUM> ) as the finest ever put on film-singers , school parades , watermelon and hot dogs . when constance and mike watch a man put a ship into a bottle , then share a lobster dinner on the bay , backed by waxman 's music , peyton place comes very close to being my favorite movie of all time . there is also `` beautiful dreamer '' and rowboats on one river , and two very different couples swimming in a lake outside of peyton place , leading to a major misunderstanding . that <NUM> minute labor day sequence is unforgettably evocative , but followed by something gripping and allison leaving town to become a professional writer . . the climax of peyton place , roughly the last half hour of <NUM> minutes , is a court trial . i wo n't tell you who is on trial or for what-we have to have some surprises left in this review-but it has lloyd nolan 's greatest scene as doc swain and a satisfying ending . the finale to the movie is one of my all-time favorites ( partial plot spoiler ) . the final shot is exquisite and euphoric for me , with allison 's voice-over : `` we finally discovered that season of love . it is only found in someone else 's heart . right now , someone is looking everywhere for it , and it is in you , '' with two children riding bikes down a shaded maine street and waxman 's gorgeous score again . ( nine oscar nominations , but not one for the unforgettably beautiful music score ? ! ) the <NUM> wald/robson peyton place , acted and written to perfection , is a soap opera masterpiece with a very compelling and rewarding plot and some of the most beautiful americana montages ever put on film . the dvd sells for only $ 14.95 , with audio commentary by surviving cast members tamblyn and moore , restored color , lovely remastered music , and glorious cinemascope letterboxing after decades of cropped pan/scan images . you can finally appreciate william mellor 's use of color and use of wide screen on a movie heavily filmed on both coastal maine locations ( including a lockout mountain scene that is awesome ) and the fox backlot in what is now los angeles ' century city . most of all is a perfect cast down to the bit roles , under mark robson 's skillful direction . peyton place , one of my ten favorite movies ever , is a must-see and must-own on dvd when you have a three hour time slot . actually longer than <NUM> minutes because of a <NUM> minute behind-the-scenes featurette , newsreels , and a theatrical trailer ( so you can see how the movie was promoted ) . ( ... )
it was a hoot upon seeing this film in the theatre espeically the part where candice bergen tries to woo burt back with her terrible singing `` better than ever '' i think that is the name of the song .. as always jill clayburgh was winning as ever and burt could n't been better too . its a shame jill 's middle age romance flick with jeffrey tambor .. `` never again '' got the due it deserved when ti came out . everybody should check that out , its a hoot too
in <NUM> , it had been three years since sonny rollins had released a record . frustrated with what he felt was his own limitations , he took sabbatical to work on his form , practicing at the williamsburg bridge . this odd habit led to his comeback album being named `` the bridge '' . a quartet record featuring guitarist jim hall , bassist bob cranshaw , and drummer ben riley , invariably this album and it 's story is the stuff of legends , and deservedly so . rollins is on fire throughout -- playing mostly standards ( with only two originals ) , it sounds as if he was itching to get in the studio again , his playing is powerful , focused ( `` without a song '' ) , lyrical ( one of the definitive readings of `` god bless the child '' ) and emotive ( `` where are you ? '' ) . rollins ' support is generous and sympathetic , particularly on `` god bless the child '' , where cranshaw in particular feels like he 's breathing in time with rollins . all in all , a worthwhile effort , and an essential point in rollins ' catalog . it also may be the best place ( either this or `` saxophone collosus '' ) to begin exploring rollins ' catalog . highly recommended
in terms of nu-metal , this is definitely one of the best albums in this genre in a long time - if not ever . this is far from generic , as some of the other reviewers has blatantly stated , although some of the songs do sound run-of-the-mill and dry in places . overall , though , this album is full of creative melodies and structures that you just do n't find now-a-days in the 'nu-metal ' scene . do n't settle for the garbage that 's out there , this is a talented band with a unique sound [ those guitars ! ] and a great album . if you 're into nu-metal but are starved for creativity and originality , pick this album up . it 's not perfect , but it delivers .
the story is very boring . a middle class family has high aspirations for obtaining upper class status and this ` class consciousness ' controls everything they think and do . despite their foolishness , one ca n't help but feel sorry for each character ( with the exception of the mother ) who continually finds failure and disappointment . the characters are not developed to the point that i usually enjoy , and there are quite a large number of characters . an interesting thing about the characters is , none of them are ` good . ' probably the closest thing to a good character is virgil 's boss , mr. lamb . but even he is a business monger , ultimately concerned with his own business . this reflection on man is insightful . in real life , are there any people without flaws ? major flaws ? even the bible presents the heroes of the faith as people with big problems ( king solomon was a womanizer , david was a murderer , peter was a coward , etc. ) . in general , people are selfish . our motives are selfish , and our own desires drive everything we do . however , often fiction reflects one or two main characters who are flawless . in an attempt to make characters likable- reality is bypassed . this does n't happen here in alice adams . i believe this book is about expectations . the adams ' family lives in the false hope of a brighter future , all the while neglecting the life they are currently living . i feel that this is the same discontenting experience that westerners face . maybe this is even a reflection of the way the author wrote the book- seemingly slow , but with flashes of brilliant foreshadowing which gives hope to the reader that something more grand is on the horizon . the story is interesting because of the absolute stupidity of this family , and the fact that it probably is a very real experience for many . the story , though slow , is written very well , and was very easy for me to read ( a plus for me , i am a bit slow ) . it is also interesting because even though the story takes place in america- it seems a different culture . this different culture was interesting . i think the difference came in that the story is supposed to have taken place in the south ( a foreign country as far as i am concerned ) , and it probably took place in the very early part of the 20th century . one aspect of tarkington 's writing that i appreciated was the way he foreshadowed things . maybe i appreciated the subtle foreshadowing hints because of the drudgery of the story , but whatever the reason- i think he did an excellent job .
these guys are terrific ! i 'm a student of shakespeare , so every time i read a play i have n't read before i pull out this dvd to see what they 've done to it ! after reading coriolanus i was rolling on the floor with their comments on how this play was n't appropriate for children . if you love shakespeare , or are just curious about shakespeare , buy this dvd
the book is amazing in its amount of topics covered , from gnostic beliefs , the lost city of atlantis , who really wrote shakespeare , who were the rosecrucians , secret meanings of the zodiac , alchemy , pythagorean math , mystery schools and much , much , much , more at <NUM> chapters . for an introduction to every esoteric religion in history , buy this book.i read it from cover to cover and it was enthralling for all <NUM> pages.also get `` lectures on ancient philosophy '' to go into more depth
being a child of the self indulgent baby-boomer generation this book shook me to my roots , not only by how different things were then but by how similar they are now . as i read this book i could n't help but be amazed by how the characters , whether on a personal or a societal scale , mirrored those we see today . most of all herman wouk provides a crystal clear view of the events leading up to ww ii . the characters are memorable , though i feel that this is wouk 's shortcoming in this book . the historical characters seem to be developed more strongly than the fictional characters of the henry family , around which this book centers . i feel that wouk left the main characters purposely undefined as a way to make them appear more complex . the historic characters did n't suffer from this , perhaps because wouk had to rely on historical accounts of them . this books seems to hold up well for historical accuracy and provides an incomparable sense of perspective for anyone wishing to learn more than just the facts of that era . i prefer to read classics and believe this book might be easy to trash on that level but the story itself and the realism with which wouk tells it makes this one of the very best books i have read to date . this is an imoprtant book that should be read by everyone wishing to understand the events leading up to world war ii . it can happen again and as i write this in late <NUM> it seems likely it will .
from the first few bars , this album grabs you by the throat and does n't let go . it 's a little abstract , and might take a few listens to grow on you , but it 's the perfect meld of classic hip-hop beats and robot-march production . after this album , el-p 's tracks got a little distracting , to me at least , but `` the cold vein '' blends seamlessly . the lyrical tag-team work of vast aire and vordul is also something to marvel at . dense , dense poetics , with metaphors and symbolism crammed into every verse ; they often sound like they 're cursing , even though they 're not . in the first cut , `` iron galaxy , '' vast paints a bleak picture of new york that sets the gritty tone for the rest of the album : `` let 's talk in laymen 's terms/rotten apples and big worms/early birds and poachers/new york is evil at its core/so those who have more than them/prepare to be victims/ate up by vultures/politicians in a dog-eat-dog culture/that 'll sic 'em . '' throughout the album , a dark , violent undercurrent runs through each song , from the syncopated `` vein '' to the angelic stomp `` a b-boy 's alpha '' to the brilliant closer , `` pigeon . '' of course , it 's not for everybody . there is not one club-ready beat on the whole lp , and those who are going from the window to the wall will probably miss a lot of the clever one-liners and metaphors , but real heads recognize , and `` the cold vein '' is something a lot of mc 's could learn from
i have been waiting days for this book , and it finally came today . honestly , i expected it to have your standard sword exercises and cuts , but it contains stances and techniques that i have never even heard of , while some are familiar to me . thanks to having a hardwood bokuto ( which i also purchased off of this website ) , i can now incorporate new exercises into my practice . even though hatsumi-sensei is a ninja , he is well-versed in the culture of the samurai and the sword as well . i recommend it to all aspiring swordsmen
this is one of vandamnes earlier movies -- -and one of his better ones -- -- -the story line is fair and his acting is goo
when i first heard this album it captured me . now that i 've expanded my house collection my tastes have changed a little , but i still consider this to be a stellar deep house album . there are enough memorable tracks on this 2-disc set to easily justify owning it . my favorites are `` waiting '' , `` next to me '' , `` do n't stand there '' , `` do n't change '' , `` you ca n't stop '' , `` petalpushing '' , `` the remedy '' , and `` lionel 's jam '' ( in that order ) . i own just about everything migs has put out and i consider this to be his best . if i may drop a sales pitch for a couple of his other works it would be jay-j & miguel migs - in the house and miguel migs - colorful you . this latter one has some incredible r & b tracks . my only criticism of miguel migs is that some of his tracks have too much reggae and latin/jazz for my tastes . nevertheless , he is one of the best dj/producers i 've ever heard .
vivid characters and dialog make this an excellent movie . from the script to the acting , this movie is well crafted .
this is a fantastic book ! richard feynman is a fascinating person and an excellent writer . his view of the world is exciting and interesting and his life experiences make for enjoyable stories . one lesson that comes through in this book is 'think ' , do n't be afraid to stop and think about something , a problem , a point of view , etc . through these stories and the life of richard feynman , we are all shown what it is to live a life well . get this book !
from the original steinbeck story to the horton foote screen adaptation to the lush cinematography and amazing performances , gary sinise 's of mice and men is film perfection . there is a terrible sense of inevitability present from the very beginning of this film ; we know that fate will not be kind to lennie . but despite his slow march to tragedy we are transfixed by the elegant simplicity of the telling . sinise uses his knowledge of theatre to pare this classic story to the bone . malkovich , always willing to get lost in a part no matter how bizarre or extreme , does n't act lennie , he inhabits him . watching his childlike behavior and listening to his repetitive monologues we understand completely why george loves him as he does and simultaneously finds him thoroughly maddening . malkovich owns this role for all time , i feel badly for every actor attempting it from now on . extreme roles , like lennie , allow actors lots of room to show off while simultaneously providing margin for error . sinise , as george , has the hardest duty and comes through with a quiet performance that is nothing short of stunning . every aspect of his complex relationship with lennie is revealed almost inadvertently , hope , bitterness , anger , protectiveness , and pride to name just a few . as director he has stitched together all the elements of this film into an organic whole , no false notes . as director directing himself he simply inserts his own performance into a complete vision , his embodiment of george is generous - not self-serving . the brilliance of malkovich and sinise should not obscure a host of wonderful supporting performances . ray walston ( my favorite martian ) is excellent , joe morton is terrific as always , casey siemaszko brings real malevolence as only he can , john terry is thoroughly believable as a crew boss , and sherilyn fenn is exactly on point as the player who loses control of the game . simply put , of mice and men is what happens on those rare occasions when absolutely everything goes right .
good music is easy to come-by ... great music is rare . what an incredible combination of talent ritchie and candy have ! i 've known of ritchie of years , from his 'rock ' days and always respected his talent . but blackmore 's night is probably one of the most wonderful convergences of talents i 've encountered . i wish i could say i listened to blackmore 's night on purpose , but it was quite by accident . nonetheless , i was enchanted enough to look into what they had done . i 'll never regret it . they are unsurpassed in the music world these days . candy 's voice and lyrics and ritchie 's guitar ... it does n't get any better
i absolutely loved this sequel to something borrowed . just as good as the first in my opinion .
sergei eisenstein 's que viva mexico is a film that captures the majesty , awe , and tragedy of mexico better than any other i have ever seen . and it does so not with dialogue or plot , but rather thru `` a sequence of short novellas '' ( eisenstein 's words ) which each develop and play convincingly into the next . each of these vignettes to me display a celebration of real mexican culture and a subtle depreciation of those things which came from spain . they evoke the heart of true mexican patriotism as if it were struck directly from a rivera mural . for anyone interested in mexico or mexican cinema , que viva mexico is an absolute must . que viva mexico is certainly one of the most famous `` unfinished '' films in history , with a tragic star-laced history about which whole books have been published . in a few words , sergei eisenstein went to hollywood but was almost immediately ostracized by the old studio moguls . douglas fairbanks and charlie chaplin led him to the famed moralist , communist , and novelist upton sinclair , who agreed to finance a south-of-the border film . the budget was $ 25k and shooting was to take four months . sinclair 's brother-in-law was to tag along and supervise . a couple of eisenstein 's russians comrades would handle the cinematography and equipment . exactly what happened after that is a matter of some dispute , including countless cross and counter accusations of extremely lewd behavior and fabulous revelry . what is certain is that after <NUM> months in mexico the film was still missing its final section and sinclair pulled the plug on the whole operation . furious , he then managed to block eisenstein 's return to america and convince stalin he had been a poor communist . sinclair kept all the footage and eisenstein was sent back to russia in shame . eisenstein still believed he could make a great film out of his footage and fought to get it back , but sinclair refused and had it edited by his own hollywood producer . from this work came the feature thunder over mexico ( <NUM> ) and the shorts eisenstein in mexico ( <NUM> ) and death day ( <NUM> ) . while these versions influenced great future directors like welles , huston , bunuel , and leone , they were not the real vision of the great director . in the 1970s , the russians finally got the reels , and grigori aleksandrov , who had been there and assisted with the original filming , put it back together following eisenstein 's original plan . back to the film , it is essentially a silent with narration , a music track , and limited sound effects added . i do n't have any problem with this as the alternative would have been to fabricate intertitles which would have been even less natural . anyway talkies were already completely dominant by <NUM> and chaplin used a sound effect track in all his later silents . the musical track is sheer magic and certainly benefits from the extra years . there is an abrupt break when the final unfilmed section is reached , before we are taken back to the day of the dead epilogue . frankly , i do n't think much was lost here : eisenstein was right when he said he did n't need that last segment to finish the film . the third segment was already just a bit long , and adding the fourth ( a continuation of the third ) would have unbalanced the film . hence i would have just run the third segment straight into a more somber start of the epilogue . but the way it was done does show us what was `` lost '' , so in that sense it is valid . my only qualm with this dvd is the fact that it does n't have spanish subtitles , as i think all mexicans should experience this film ! one last thing : the <NUM> epoca dorada classic enamorada by famed mexican director emilio fernandez could be seen as a sort of tribute film to eisenstein and que viva mexico , as it basically fills out a story based on the sodadera lost segment of this film .
this was they might be giants first major label album . it continued , and expanded upon , the sound they had established on their independant label albums . it 's probably tmbg 's most popular album . it features many classic tmbg songs , like `` birdhouse in your soul '' , `` istanbul '' and `` particle man '' . it 's chock full of the catchy melodies and silly lyrics that we have come to expect from the johns . a must have for all they might be giants fans
my son is <NUM> and although he is a great reader ( has read all of the harry potter series more than once ) , he wanted me to read this one to him . i have to say we both enjoyed it equally . i would agree to a chapter or two every other night or so , but found myself agreeing to `` just one more chapter '' on a regular basis . it was nice to find something we both liked and looked forward to . what an imaginative tale . now i need to get the rest of the series ..
std as in this album that is . it was a key decision to have joey come into play on vocals for the band . his first album with anthrax simply owns you . he has a really awesome vocal range and it always seems to captivate me in every song . he reminds me of bruce dickinson . i certainly agree with a previous reviewer that this album is superior to the highly accredited 'among the living ' ( which does rule as well ) . now i 'll try and give a rundown of the tracks : a.i.r . 10/10 - this song title starts anthrax 's acronym song titles . has a killer riff used throughout most of the song . lone justice 10/10 - this song is awesome since it reminds me of another awesome anthrax track , `` i am the law '' regarding the lyrical theme , however , i actually like this one better . has sweet bass lines that stand out . madhouse 9/10 - has a funny intro with a patient 's maniacal laughing . always reminds me of `` welcome home '' ( sanitarium ) please tell me you know that song , although it 's much more upbeat . s.c.c./stand or fall - 10/10 a thrashing motivational number we have here . anthrax continues to bring forth stellar musicianship and energy . very anthemic . the enemy - 20/10 i do n't know why but i really love this song here . this song definitely needs more praise from everyone . the backup vocals singing `` screams in the night '' is awesome . i think this song is about hitler perhaps ? aftershock 9/10 probably my least fave on the album , not sure why since it does rock pretty hard ... hmmm . oh yeah i does have a really cool solo in it at least . armed and dangerous 10/10 really nice , shall i say relaxing beginning to it then like most thrash songs that start slow , goes into high gear soon after . i also noticed this has some really sick drumming in it too . medusa 11/10 really cool song . `` medusaaaa ! she 's starin ' at you ! ! '' undeniable goodness here . gung-ho 10/10 mighty fine closer we have here . anthrax still maintain the consistency of high energy that was with us the whole album and certainly does n't slow down . if anything , it gets even faster . the beginning kinda sounds like a slayer song in a way , that 's what i think at least . if you call yourself a metalhead , you need to pick up this masterpiece along with among the living , persistence of time , and state of euphoria . you just have to give props to the underrated band of the big <NUM> of thrash since they were just as talented as the others .
as much as i loved this album there is one thing better . that is watching the chieftains and mr nunez perform live . what a wonderful experience both are !
nice jazz sampler should appeal to most tastes in mainstream jazz since it 's not too funky or free-style . what 's the real kicker here is the sacd quality . certainly not what i would call a great test cd but still good for amazing friends with the detailed sonics and tight bass lines and realistic voices in the room effects .
very funny , but there are n't any special features . i find that a little problematic considering how many of the cast went on to do other things , especially recently . also , seems like it could be remastered a little bit , but it was n't a big deal
from age <NUM> to age <NUM> , my daughter has greatly enjoyed cooking from this book . unlike when we cook together from other cookbooks or recipes , when we cook from this book , she can really take the lead , and i am her assistant . at age <NUM> , she is able to make some of the items entirely on her own . using this book has encouraged her to take an active role in preparing foods for our family and dinner guests . she takes pleasure and pride in her creations , because she worked hard and they taste good ! because of the thoughtful design of the book , the child does n't have to be able to read to figure out what to do , with a little parental help . the recipes included are healthful and tasty . the drawings and layout are appealing to children and adults . i highly recommend this book to families with children from preschool through at least second grade to get your children into the fun of cooking . enjoy !
i liked this book alot , it was very different and it gave me alot of ideas of books to read based on what & quot ; mood & quot ; i am in . it also gave me some insite to some of the books that i have already read , and how they perceived the books
i saw this move about <NUM> years ago for the first time . i bought it as soon as i saw it on dvd . it is such a great story and it 's content as far as the eventing world goes is almost entirely accurate . it really should be rated more of a pg13 b/c of the language and some sexual content . it still is so worth buying .
i understand that many of you who have bought this cd will be broadway lovers ( and i am one myself ) and you will be used to the lead roles having amazing powerful voices . but just as important as good singing is good acting . i think that ann interpreted roxie as a wannabe who had the enthusiasm but lacked the talent , which makes her raspy tones and sing-speak completely plausible . it also supports the theme that you can use other things than talent to get yourself to the top this may not be the way you like roxie played , but you should n't shun ann 's interpretation . it 's a good thing if there is more than one way of having a character played , i think so anyway . personally i love the miramax film , but i enjoy comparing these <NUM> and seeing the differences
this guy is amazingly funny ! i saw him live last week and i laughed my ass off ! go see him if you can and buy his cd . he 's alot funnier ( & dirtier ) than you saw on last comic standing . gary gulman is good but alonzo has the goods
reading this book , you get the impression michael lewis just moved in with jim clark for a year . sadly , these direct interaction stories and anecdotes are not as compelling as the more standard journalistic backstory : the tale of clark 's rise from abject poverty , the founding of silicon graphics and his eventual war with management and the board there , and the story of netscape . the up to date stuff is less interesting , unless you are really fascinated with big sailboats . if we were rating lewis books on a scale of 1-5 , this would only rate a <NUM> . but since other authors have to also fit into the scale , this gets a <NUM> ..
the reiki techniques are presented in a simple easy to understand format . i appreciated the author sharing the healing and psychic attunements ; other reiki authors only mention them and never explain how they are performed
nietzsche is a genius . his ideas are still as important today as they were the day he wrote them . he destroys christianity in one fell swoop - anyone who reads the will to power and still believes in christian dogma is in the purest state of denial . nietzsche provides saying after saying after saying , perfect for debate . if you 're a doubter or secular , read this book and you will erase all possibilities of the bible being real from your mind forever
doc watson is great , and so is clarence ashley . this is music worth listening to . often
sir george is a parsimonious , mean-spirited man who cares more about his cat samson than he does his three daughters . the cat , a mean old tom who scratches everyone except for sir george has been missing for two days putting his master in a fouler mood than usual . sir george wakes up quickly when he hears samson outside and goes to find him . someone smashes him on his head killing him . since sir george was the cousin of queen victoria , his case is very high profile so scotland yard assigns it to inspector gerald witherspoon who has a phenomenal successor rate in solving homicides . neither witherspoon nor his supervisors know that his housekeeper mrs. jeffries and the other servants of his house work behind the scenes to help their master solve his cases . this inquiry is harder than most as everyone has a motive for killing the baronet , including his three daughters , his ex-lover , the gardener the housekeeper , and trades people he cheated out of money . this is one historical mystery series that never gets boring or dull . the author keeps the series fresh by making each homicide case original . lovers of late victorian mysteries will thoroughly enjoy this tale because inspector witherspoon comes across as so innocent and nave that readers will adore him . emily brightwell is an author whose mysteries are well worth reading . harriet klausner
i bought the book for my <NUM> year old granddaughter who is interested in chocolate to decorate and eat . the book was easy for her to read . she loved it
maggie balistreri 's critique of our masked , substantively evasive dialect offers humorous , albeit troubling , insight into how much of the social fabric , the prevailing belief structures and cultural processes , are entrenched in mass denial , subsisting on and predicated upon the avoidance of truth and meaning within common , everday conversations and exchanges . think of it as speaking in riddles . unfortunately , it 's done considerable damage in shaping the broader public discourse . this particular deficiency is widely adhered to on an unconscious level , to the extent that it 's accepted as 'normal ' . let 's suppose that the majority of a population shared a common mental illness , a soul sickness ; is n't it possible , even likely , that over time , a greater percentage of them would be unable to acknowledge the disease ... * as a disease ? * and by that postulation , would n't the afflicted then in turn deem those not likewise effected by it as the ones who are sick , weird , bad , wrong , etc ? with people generally unaware of this process ( and likely uninterested in it ) they are incapable of acknowledging how cognition and grammer are fused in a manner indicative of a deficient , or at least insufficient , mode of consciousness and expression which is congrous to self deception , mass deception , and in turn , self and societal censorship . this elaborate process largely stems from the `` just do it '' corporatized mentality . the underlying , strategic message of `` just do it '' is do n't think . that is , do n't think beyond the superficialities of life : of a mindless , wage slave existence relegated to the various conformities of rampant consumerism , and all it entails to define human worth and `` success '' on such terms . when people do n't think beyond those terms , when the customary , daily round of life is beset with a deluge of incentives and inducements toward desensitization and immediate gratification rooted in the manipulation and exploitation of innate human insecurities , often through induced signals and social cues concerning inadequacy , fear , anxiety , the result is an unthinking , non critical , homogeneous conformity among the populace where the surrender or denial of critical thought , genuine expression and emotional respression is widely encouraged , enabling an overall acceptance and exaltation of a unique spiritual and intellectual paralysis . logically it follows that since most are environmentally impacted and absorbed into this deficiency , its symptoms and manifestations are largely viewed as the opposite of what they really are , allowing for a delusional , happy consciousness . language reflects this . my take on what maggie is addressing in her book is n't a random social trend , and that there is n't necessarily a direct correlation with this dilemma and a person 's overall intelligence or vocabulary ; it 's an inevitable byproduct of poisonous , corporatized values . the proof is how corporate power , which is basically the hierarchy of government , so obviously benefits in every way from the crisis of social and spiritual declivity . the greater the degree of ignorance , apathy , and general disharmony , the greater profits to be made from human misery , and the more draconian measures that can be implemented by exploiting the symptoms which then serves to frighten people into being less independent minded and more stupified , perpetuating the cycle . the psychological dynamics of these cycles are fairly simple to figure out provided people are encouraged to do so . if they 're not sufficiently roused into paying attention to matters of great public import ( something that the media should do but of course does just the opposite ) than naturally , the people 's language and efforts of communication are going to reflect a particularly narrow mindset . `` loyalty to petrified opinion never broke a chain or freed a human soul '' ~ mark twai
this workout will get you reslts . i did it for about a month and was completely toned . i wasnt that out of shape to begin with but it certainly worked its magic quickly . i would say its a bit difficult to get through ... what i like is that even after youve done it for a month its still somewhat of a challenge to finish . the areas worked are exactly where women need it , you wont be disapointed . i dont mind her personally either . its a bit much but when your doing a difficult workout it can be a welcome boost
sweet surrender ! ! ! that 's the song that got me into bying this album , and what a album ! on `` move with me '' he takes me on a ride in the same vibe as the stones have . `` get on top '' equally great with his sex frustrated voice in peak condition . the flow on `` hong kong bar '' is simulair to the feeling you get from the doors `` riders on the storm '' and closing make it right is dramatic as few . there is a few not so brilliant songs but mixed up with these mindblowers that just dosent matter ... if you love jeff then learn to love ..
loved the great `` real time '' high performance footage and legitimate sound effects . this little known flick is right up there with bullitt and vanishing point as far as the action driving sequences go . i 'm thrilled that it has finally been released on dvd . if you 're a mopar fan , it 's a must have for your car chase collection .
with the success of night of the living dead ( <NUM> ) , a must-see for every horror movie buff , george a. romero , <NUM> years later , in <NUM> , made a sequel , dawn of the dead ( <NUM> ) in living color ( and dead too ) . this time , he could really be bloody and gruesome . francine ( gaylen ross ) , and three military men peter ( ken foree ) , roger ( scott h. reiniger ) and stephen ( david emge ) go to the oxford development mall in monroeville , pennsylvania to kill hundreds of living dead zombies . even zombies like j.c. penny 's . this movie was written , directed and edited by george a. romero . he also appears in the technical booth with a scarf around him . all <NUM> stores cooperated for the filming . tom savini is `` pasquale buba '' . he is also credited for make-up , cosmetic special effects and stuntman . he also appears in from dusk 'til dawn ( <NUM> ) and the remake of dawn of the dead ( <NUM> ) . shown in widescreen . many extras . audio commentary with george a. romero and his wife chris and tom savini . best line : `` when there 's no more room in hell , the dead will walk the earth '' . said by ken foree ( as `` peter '' ) . easter egg # <NUM> : click `` audio set up '' , push down to play . push right button to resume to main menu and to ... you made the zombie turn black . press `` enter '' . tom savini discusses practical jokes . easter egg # <NUM> : click `` extras '' . push right button or down button <NUM> times until zombie turns black . chris romero discusses how she met her future husband , george a. romero . followed by day of the dead ( <NUM> ) land of the dead ( <NUM> ) diary of the dead ( <NUM> ) in <NUM> , george romero returned to make his classic film with a new cast and in living color , night of the living dead ( <NUM> ) , directed by tom savini , starring tony todd . in <NUM> , director zack snyder came out with a remake of dawn of the dead ( <NUM> ) . so in <NUM> , romero himself made a new sequel , land of the dead ( <NUM> ) . director steve miner will do a remake of day of the dead ( <NUM> ) . it is set for release in <NUM> . george a. romero wrote and will direct a new sequel , `` diary of the dead '' to also be released in <NUM> .
is it a sci-fi tale about the end of the world , black comedy , novel of inner pilgrimage , or a southern small-town novel like to kill a mockingbird ? all of these , and none , quite . you can catch snippetts of the plot and setting from other reviewers . but trying to squeeze this weird , topsy-turvy , yet familiar world into a few words is like trying to put the bubble bath back in the bottle . ideas and images float up in flurries . or maybe we should define love in the ruins by its characters ? each is as brilliantly drawn as a blade of grass in the first bright rays of morning . not all are mad , in the conventional sense , though thomas more , the drunken , philandering , brilliant , pious hero , who somewhat resembles the author , sometimes is . `` dear god , let me out of here , back to the nuthouse where i can stay sane . things are too naked out here . people look and talk and smile and are nice and the abyss yawns . the niceness is terrifying . '' percy also offers three lovely leading ladies , a tribe of black revolutionaries , `` love '' scientists , `` knotheads , '' a `` scoffing irish behaviorist , in whom irony is so piled up on irony , jokes so encrusted on jokes , winks and nudges and in-jokes so convoluted '' that he has turned orthodox , and a pretty spooky satan in flannel . maybe the best way to introduce this book , aside from saying that it often made me laugh outloud , and often made me think , is to quote a few more lines . if you like the taste , want to sup more on the strangeness of life ( the quality by which reality so often surpasses mere novels ) , you 'll probably want to read the book . ( <NUM> ) `` max the unbeliever , a lapsed jew , believes in the orderliness of creation , acts on it with energy and charity . i , the believer , having swallowed the whole thing , god jews christ church , find the world a mad-house and a madhouse home . max the atheist sees things like saint thomas aquinas , ranged , orderly , connected up . '' ( <NUM> ) `` ethel 's car is both japanese and presbyterian , thrifty , tidy , efficient , chaste . '' ( <NUM> ) `` the terror comes from piteousness , from good gone wrong and not knowing it , from southern sweetness and cruelty . . . in louisianna people still stop and help strangers . better to live in new york where life is simple , every man 's your enemy , and you walk with your eyes straight ahead .
patriot games is a good thriller based on the very famous tom clancy novel . this movie has good suspense , good action and a good conclusion . at times , the movie is slow moving and a little unrealisitc but hey .. the movie 's about an ex cia guy , jack ryan played by harrison ford who goes on vacation with his wife and daughter . but , of course , something goes wrong . they go to london and jack becomes a hero when he saves a higly ranked englishman 's life . but , in the process , he kills one of the terrorists that attacked him . and the brother of the guy he killed is n't pleased . and that terrorist and his pals go to the u.s to get revenge , mainly by targeting ryan 's wife and kid . so ryan is on the most important case of his life where he has to save his family . the movie includes one very suspensful scene where the terrorists are in a van on the highway shooting machine guns at ryan 's wife 's porsche . that should make you want to watch it . anyway , i really enjoyed it and recommend it to anyone in the mood for a good thriller , tom clancy style .
the best book for college grads to read . written by real people for real people . it 's a must buy ! !
the meiks brothers had a troubled childhood . very troubled . their mother had died after adam was born , leaving his older brother fenton to take care of him with the help of their father . the three males seemed to fend well for themselves , not running into too many bumps in their simple yet strange road in life . it was a fairly close-knit family with plenty of pleasant memories and more to come . but all of that changed one night when dad ( curiously , his name was never revealed in the film , being credited as `` dad meiks '' ) rushed into the boys ' room , flipped on the light , woke them up , and began to unravel an unusual tale that would change the very course of their lives in a most dramatic way . dad had been visited by an angel - an angel sent by god himself . the heavenly apparition told him of his new calling : to be a destroyer of demons . according to the angel , the biblical end times had come and there were demons of hell now walking among mortal man , disguised as humans . dad would be given sacred weapons from the angel soon , and thereafter he would receive a list . the list held the names of the demons in disguise - names that appeared to be mere human identities , but , just like the demons themselves , were simply cover-ups for the true evil that lurked in their soul . it was now up to this family of three to become warriors of god . the young adam obeyed his father and came to believe every bit of it . but fenton was disturbed by these ideas , insisting to himself that his father had lost his mind and nothing this crazy could be real . yet surely enough , step by step , it all began becoming a reality . the main slaughtering weapon had been retrieved - an abandoned axe in an old shed , with gloves by its side . they came to find out , that the gloves were for dad to use when capturing the demons and bringing them back to the house . because when he would remove the gloves and touch them with his bare hands , he could see their dark sin nature and know for sure who they really were . they were n't humans of course , they were pathetic demons - no match for the wrath of god that was being handed out through this divinely chosen man and his sons . at first fenton wanted to run away and get help . but as time moved on , trapped within this world of madness and extremism , he began to question his reality as a whole . could he brake away from this terrible mess he 'd been drawn into , or was he destined to become a demon-slayer , just as his father was , and just as his brother would come to be ? years later , as a full-grown adult , he gets a frantic phone call from his brother . shortly after , he decides to give fbi agent wesley doyle a visit and finally relieve himself of these secrets that have plagued him all his life . at first doyle is confused as to why he would come to him to reveal the mystery behind the `` god 's hand '' serial killer case . yet once he unveils this deranged tale and the story progresses , they take a trip to the burial site of the victims , where reality warps and warps until it all comes into focus . it turns out that the truth is more twisted than the viewer could have ever imagined . <NUM> 's frailty is a dark web beautifully spun by it 's makers and deserves a look from any and every fan of suspense and horror films . it 's a clever , disturbing , thought-provoking piece with plenty of twists and turns that will leave you impressed - if not a bit creeped out ! starring bill paxton , mathew mcconaughey , and powers booth ( among others ) you can be assured that the acting really brings out the depth and haunting minds of the characters . and with a great script and crew work , it 's no wonder why this is one of the best films in years for fans of the genre . not to mention several nice extras on the dvd ( including deleted scenes , documentaries/featurettes , and commentary by director/actor bill paxton ) . for sure , frailty is a winner all the way
this is my all-time favorite book from my all-time favorite author . the ending of this book will stay with me forever -- it captures so eloquently the precious fragility of life , of relationships , of family . if you 're looking for action packed melodrama , look elsewhere . but if you 're looking for insight into the day-to-day details of what it is to be human , you 've hit the jackpot here .
these are all the bonus <NUM> min workouts from each of the mentioned dvds . dvd has option of regular or letterbox screen & 2.0 or 5.1 dolby sound . some workoutse may seem like they need more instruction because these are only bonus versions : modonna grimes from her african beat - <NUM> min of warmup with basic 80s/90s aerobics fast-paced arm & high kick leg movements , then <NUM> min of a $ * # ( of squats , then 1.5 min of basic plies , then <NUM> min of standing tonining abs/leg pose , then on the floor for <NUM> min for basic ab crunches w/legs in air , then <NUM> stretches for legs & spine . your basic gym aerobics instructor , no dance or flair . suhaila from her bellydance fitness fusion buns - saddle squat doing for glut isolations ( hard to do , but fun once you get it ) for 1.5 min , then hip bumps which you do by contracting gluts as move knees slightly & walk ( easier to understand with her instruction on the main dvd ) but easy enough for those who pick up thing faily easily , ( great workout ) for <NUM> min , then 3/5 contractions of gluts for each step ( great look ) for <NUM> min , then full shimmy for 4.5 min with diff arm movements ( great butt & leg workout . ) she has a great personality & a great dancer . jayna from her bellydance for romance - chest slides , back/forth , lifts/drops , chest circles , hips circles , vertical & horizonal figure 8s & camels . her pace is very relaxed , she goes slow at first , so even w/o the main dvd , you should be able to pick it up . rania from one of her bellydance for fitness - chest front/back , lifts/drops for <NUM> min , camels for <NUM> min , camels while walking for <NUM> min , chest circles for <NUM> min , chest cirlces while walking for <NUM> min , chest drops while walking , chest slides/drops while walking , chest figure 8s & chest figure 8s while swaying body up/down for <NUM> min . actually great chest/upper back , upper ab toner . madonna grimes from her urban street heat - warm up with regular fast-paced arm/leg kicks aerobics for a <NUM> min warmup , squats & lunges for <NUM> min , standing ab crunches & oblique crunches for <NUM> min , squating abs crunches for <NUM> min , floor ab crunches for <NUM> min , leg/butt lifts for <NUM> min , basic spine & a couple leg stretches for <NUM> min . bonus yoga w/rainbea mars from her dusk or dawn dvd - sitting , child 's pose , cat/cown , arm stretch , downard dog , held breath standing & shift hips , moutain/frwd standing bends & corbras , twisted lunges , downward dog , moutain , frwd st. bend , cobra , down dog , warrior <NUM> , cobra , down dog , warrior <NUM> , sun salutations , twisted lunges , sun salutations , chair pose , child 's pose , laying down in cobbler 's pose/butterfuly for <NUM> min with her positive thoughts . she speaks throughout with extra positive words , very relaxed
keeping it brief , this is a great book with tons of interesting facts about mysteries that are in the bible . explanations of miracles , detailed history surrounding them . i learned an intense amount of information in this book . you do n't have to be a scholar , as it was written simply . the authors did an excellent job
as i was <NUM> in <NUM> , and a mickey mantle fan , the film brought back a lot memories . those were baseball 's glory days . it been going downhill ever since . i live near chicago , and i was n't aware of the extent of n.y. bias against roger
ruth benedict 's the chrysanthemum and the sword is an anthropological study of japanese culture during world war ii . it was her job to `` spell out what the japanese were like . '' ( <NUM> ) one of the great aspects of this book is that benedict 's main arguments hold true even to this day . although many of her examples may be a bit outdated from our modern perspective , her conclusions drawn from those examples are still valid . however , due to the time that it was written , 1944-6 , benedict was unable to study in japan . instead , she had to rely on articles already written about japan and interviews with japanese immigrants . in doing so , benedict is able to draw three major conclusions about the japanese : japanese society is hierarchically structured , but in such a way that allows class mobility ; that everyone has a debt , or & # <NUM> ; ( on ) , they must repay to the world ; their particularistic society allows them to easily adapt to almost any situation . for example , benedict tells us that hierarchy is one of the key aspects of japanese society , so much so that they have `` what is called a ` respect language . ' '' ( <NUM> ) this means that forms of speech are altered to reflect the status of the speaker compared to the listener . before the meiji restoration , the emperor was at the top of the hierarchy , followed by the shogun , daimyo , samurai , farmers , artisans , merchants and finally the outcasts . japan operated in this hierarchical order for hundreds of years and it worked very well . as a result of this , the japanese people learned that as long as they did not do anything outside this order `` they could trust their world . '' ( <NUM> ) it was a system which `` guaranteed security so long as one followed the rules . '' ( <NUM> ) although the meiji reform attempted , in part , to do away with these class distinctions , it was not terribly successful : samurai became powerful bureaucrats , merchants still became more and more wealthy , farmers were farmers , and the outcasts were still looked down upon - despite their emancipation . the same can be said even of today 's japan . the elite families such as mitsubishi and mitsui are still very powerful . due to their integral role in japan 's economy , they are able to sway diet members ' opinions their way . another unique aspect of japanese hierarchy , benedict tells us , is that it allows for class mobility . just because one is born a merchant 's son does not mean one has to always be a commoner . as merchants during the pre-meiji era became wealthier , they were able to marry into samurai families . in this way , the `` merchant 's descendants become samurai '' and the samurai family marries into more money . ( <NUM> ) although this still occurs today between wealthy and prestigious families , there is also another way to move up and gain social prestige . by studying hard and getting into the best schools , one can be sure of a secure future . if one graduates from tokyo university , it would be very difficult to not find a good job . in this manner , even a lowly farmer 's second son can be an important man . one point that should be made clear about the japanese hierarchy is that the american view of hierarchy is not quite correct . americans views it as a very rigid and controlling way of life - indeed it is . however , the authority that a father exerts on his family or a shogun over the nation is not dictatorial . the opinions and well-being of the entire group are taken into consideration before any decisions are made . `` the master of the house saddles himself with great difficulty '' if he acts purely according to his own will . ( <NUM> ) benedict 's second main observance of the japanese is their sense of & # <NUM> ; , or indebtedness , and the need to repay it . the japanese believe , she tells us , that when a child is born , he is immediately indebted to the emperor and will never be able to repay even a one-ten-thousandth of it back . the child is also indebted to his parents . only after becoming one `` does he know how indebted he is to his own parents . '' ( <NUM> ) tied directly to this idea is virtue . in japan , repaying ones debts is a very important part of life . one must always be careful to remember & # <NUM> ; to the emperor and the parents . therefore , it is considered a virtue when one works toward repaying any debts and as a burden to acquire more . this sense of repaying someone continues even now . it is evident in gift giving practices in which an employee gives a boss a new year 's present as a way of paying him back for employment . also , when a guest visits a family he will often bring & # <NUM> ; & # <NUM> ; ( sake ) or some other small present as repayment for burdening the family . a peculiar side-effect of & # <NUM> ; is that people do not often help strangers in need . to do so would be to give that person & # <NUM> ; they would likely not be able to repay . benedict 's final insight into the japanese culture is their ability to adapt to almost any situation . the most obvious example of this is their attitude toward the occupation . when the emperor announced the unconditional surrender of japan , the japanese considered it a natural course of events and `` accepted all that such a fact implied . '' ( <NUM> ) there are numerous stories of the politeness showed to american troops upon arrival in japan . even the fact that there were no resistance forces or sabotage attempts during the occupation is a strong testament to this ability . `` japan 's real strength , '' benedict says , `` lies in her ability to say ... , ` that failed , ' '' and take a completely different path . ( <NUM> ) benedict then says japan `` could make herself indispensable in the commerce of the east , '' which could not be closer to the truth . ( <NUM> ) japan 's economy boomed after the reconstruction and made it the technological center of the world . of course , anyone could make such a prediction given the fact that japan was no longer allowed to have an army . all the money that had been poured into the military could now be directed elsewhere . overall , i believe the chrysanthemum and the sword accomplishes benedict 's goal of describing the fundamentals of japanese culture and is a great addition to the existing literature on japan . as i have previously stated , some of her examples are indeed old-fashioned ( i.e . the stern mother-in-law and the tale of hachiko ) and may appear irrelevant to the study of modern japan ; however , what she is able to draw from these examples is still applicable . we should consider that even though america today is much different than the america of the ` <NUM> 's , the same sorts of principles are held today - this can also be said of modern japan
although elisabeth withers has appeared with lots of well known people this solo album is a rare talent to behold . a good blend of slow relaxing music & mid tempo r n b , she surely will go on to greater things from her
i appreciated the tracking information and purchase confirmation . it was a speedy delivery and i had no problems with this one ( <NUM> ) item
ok , so this movie was a flop ... story is kind of silly , but if you love onj like i do , you will enjoy this ! livvy is beautiful as always in this movie and her music was great too ! yeah , i agree with the other reviews , it is a `` hall of shamer '' but , us die-hard onj fans still like watching her !
this is the best animated cartoon film i have ever seen ! the story plot is clearly and well developed . the character and its animation is drawn in great detail . the supporting soundtracks were also great . : - ) this movie is not only for kids , the adults will love this film too
caroline baum writes about economics and markets like no other journalist . her clear thinking , curiosity about how things work , and sparkling style have informed and entertained capital markets participants for two decades . this book represents her very best stuff . read it to understand , to laugh , to be dazzled by her artistry
i have always been fascinated with dr. king as one of the most influential leaders of the 20th century . i love the work that dr. dyson did in writing this book , because he is authentic in talking about dr. king the man - strengths , weaknesses and all - while exposing the myths about him . being african-american , i can understand why many within our community woud want to scold dr. dyson for exposing dr. king 's dirty laundry . i , however , consider it not only essential , but relevant that we talk about the true humanity of our leaders ( espcially one as esteemed as dr. king ) to avoid the danger of us elevating them as idols . it is a great reminder that god uses people ( albeit flawed people ) for magnificent works in a fallen world . this is a great book that i highly recommed !
this double cd is awsome ! nick warrens mixing ability is so awsome and it earns the global underground name . the cd is pretty dark and the songs are not popular club hits , but if you buy this , you shouldnt be expecting it . this cd really puts me into a trance and i love listening to it , expecially when im driving . i would totally buy this cd to mix up your collection
this was a great addition to the series . i love the way anne bishop writes i could read her books over and over . the book had a great blend of humor and suspense . i wanted more storyline on some of the characters but the book seemed to drop them . ari was not in this book much which was too bad , i like her character . the book left an opening for another book or a spinoff . if there is no plan to write another book i will be disappointed because there are some characters i would like to follow up on
i bought this album back in <NUM> , and this has always seemed like a work of genius . the line-up of electric violin ( goodman ) , guitar ( mclaughlin ) , keyboards ( hammer ) , drums ( cobham ) and bass ( laird ) was new . the music is influenced by coltrane , cream , lifetime , indian music and probably miles ' bitches brew band . although they use electric instruments , the music is complicated and difficult to listen to . its speed and ferocity make it challenging and alien for those not familiar with jazz . ken scott who engineered for the beatles and later produced david bowie made the album sound like a rock album . at the time , the musicianship and the interplay were a revelation . jazz critics accused these guys of selling out , but it 's much more adventurous than the average jazz album of its time . in <NUM> , jeff beck declared the orchestra the best band in the world , and he was probaly right .
the doors continue to be a band i have new experiences with . it is a great tribute that presents the mystical sounds and strange songwriting that is only capped off by the voice and presence of jim morrison . this two cd package is an integral part of my music collection , but more importantly it is because it is a truly great collection of their music . even if you are a younger person who is new to the doors , this is a great place to start if you so choose ! i had the original set and later retired it to acquire the digitally remastered version shown here on amazon . all the classic door songs are here , which on the first cd include songs like `` break on through '' , `` love me two times '' , and the dark and dreamy `` spanish caravan '' . cd number <NUM> is no less important with songs that range from `` l.a. woman '' , `` riders on the storm '' to one of my favorites called `` the unknown soldier '' . overall it is an amazing collection of hits when you just take a step back and look at what you get if you purchase this
ineffably singular . you think you 've heard these symphonies before , but the combination of a smaller orchestra and period instrumentation with ur-text orchestrations makes these recordings a revelation . not the least of the set 's pleasures is zinman 's respecting of the real tempi called for in the scores - at times a tad faster than they 're usually played - which strips the music of the ponderous heaviness that too often creeps in . one reviewer loved the whole set except for the fifth , and i can understand why - the fifth here sounds unlike you 've ever heard it before . i 'd say , having listened , that 's a good thing . the best bargain in classical recordings this year
as a fan of the band waaaaaay back when i was in 10th grade ( <NUM> ) , i 'm writing this review as the band experiences its renaissence ahead of its 30th anniversary world tour . most will likely focus on the final recording `` synchronicity '' . i prefer to start at the beginning . outlandos d'amour landed quietly in the us as the second wave of punk-infuenced british bands began their invasion . it 's hard to remember , but the police were contemporaries of elvis costello , the sex pistols , buzzcocks , ramones , and the jam , and this album was released stateside at a time when led zeppelin , pink floyd , and the who were the reigning kings of british rock . no one knew it , but everything in music was about to change . in contrast to the hyper-produced operatic sounds of mainstream fm `` aor '' hard rock , the police were a spare , stripped-down , reggae-influence trio made up of a frenetic american drummer , and two brits - both jazz afficionados . their sound captured the energy of the emerging punk scene , but if their arrangement seemed simple it was so only to let the elegant simplicity of their songcraft shine through . amidst the roar of british arena rock , the police landed in america , playing small clubs like nyc 's now defunct cbgb , to even smaller audiences . and while this was going on , like a hushed whisper -- a single song began climbing american radio charts . a plaintive , tragic tale of a boy 's idealistic love for a prostitute . that song eventually became one of rock music 's most instantly recognized classics : roxanne . with that one song , the police pried open the american radio audience and made way for the eventual torrent that became `` new wave '' . as such , the band , and their debut album deserve recognition as a defining influence on the landscape of modern music , every bit as much as nirvana or the beatle 's for their seminal works . there are few other memorable songs here that anyone other than an ardent fan would appreciate . other than roxanne , only the tongue-in-cheek , suicidal break-up song `` ca n't stand losing you '' ever made it into the us charts . still , the album flows pleasantly from start to finish , and the final cut `` mosoka tanga '' , with its unintelligible lyrics , sets the listener up stylistically for the sophomore release ( regatta de blanc ) that eventually cemented the bands ' now legendary success .
hello there itd is adreona on here wekk i am here to tell you about this micue u ewas soo happy when i saw this my mom saw it and got it on the itirnet i think it is the verry best video i haver ever salw in my whole life how abiy you out there lissining to me ok then go on wwww.dusney movies , com uts a graut siteb where you can oder that kaday and the tramp <NUM> was haroble dont get that sone for eyour chuld inless he or she relly wants it i talked toe an aunts friend christians and my friend named marna i asked her all the movies she said yess and then i asked her about the stories i know see you soon
i bought this cd based on the movie sound track and have discovered that it is probably one of the best banjo cd 's out there . i highly recommend this cd for anyone even remotely interested in banjo music
when i first saw this book as a kid it really sparked my imagination . to this day i still get chills when i look at the pictures that speak volumes through mere implication . allsburg is a visual master with a mind for sharp effective prose , to which this is a testamen
i was disappointed in the quality of some of the episodes in this collection . they looked as though someone had skipped over them during the digital cleanup for dvd . a tad washed out . other than that , it was outstanding . i 'd recommend it to anyone
this is the definitive version of their last studio album . it contains more tracks and has a slightly different mix . none of the extra tracks are throwaway and some are arguably better than the songs on the original 'driving to damascus ' . is it their best album ? i think it has more depth with the lyrics than anything stuart adamson has done , and he was always a great lyricist ( these things being relative ) . if you do n't yet have 'driving to damascus ' , buy this version instead . if you already have dtd , consider getting this one for the extra songs and the slightly different mix courtesy of tony butler , the band 's bassist . it all works for me . great melodic guitar rock , some of it very hard-driving while some of it very soft . great , great lyrics . these are truly stuart 's last artistic statement
very few sequels live up to their famous firsts , even though spiderman <NUM> and shrek <NUM> recently shattered this premise . this is another in that rare grouping , running at an entertaining <NUM> minutes longer than the first . this time we learn of the existence of a whole network of spy kids , and carmen and juni have to prove their mettle against a well heeled sister and brother duo from hell . their adventures take them to a mysterious island , invisible to radar , where `` the island of dr. moreau '' meets `` sinbad '' , `` jurassic park '' and `` fantasy island '' . star turns by ricardo montalban as carmen and juni 's grandfather , and steve buscemi as the nutty scientist , as well as cameos by alan cumming and tony shaloub increase the entertainment value fourfold . the rival spy kids dialogue and superciliousness go against the grain sometimes , but the gadgetry is as brilliant as the first , even though they do n't always work when needed . imagination rules here , and if you like those old adventure movies with fantastic creatures and swashbuckling heroes , you will like this one . better yet , adults can enjoy it without needing the excuse of having a child . amanda richards , may <NUM> , <NUM>
this book is about dolphins . a baby doilphin is born . the book tells how the mother dolphin has a baby . first the baby dolphin 's tail comes out . then his head comes out too . then it tells how a baby dolphin is protected by its family . my favorite part was when the baby dolphin was born . i think other kids will like this book because they will learn about dolphins
chock full of sql tips , tricks , and goodies , this is the kind of cookbook that i would expect as it relates to this topic . any sql programmer could stand to learn from the best and learn the techniques that will make their db code shine , and having this book by your side will only help you take the journey to greatness in the sql world . required purchase for any sql developer ... period . * * * * * highly recommende
wonderful ! so true ! your husband does n't have to be a pilot for a wife to have this happen . my husband is with the air nat ' l guard and a fireman and is in iraq for a 4month deployment `` we '' volunteered for ! all those feelings happen ! it was so reassuring first to know i was n't alone and second to know that reservists and national guardsmen go through the same feelings too ! god bless the military and god bless their spouses and families for supporting them and what they do ! tammy schnitke
mark of the rani stands out in the colin baker doctor whos . it 's direction , music , writing and acting are all superior to most of what we saw in the sixth doctor 's sadly short reign . colin baker actually behaves like the doctor in this one . for instance , rather than strangle peri , he is above all concerned with her welfare . add the bickersons , also known as the rani and the master , and you 've got a rollicking adventure with strong science fiction as its base . pay close attention to the dialogue and you 'll see another hint from the master , in his very precise insult , that the doctor 's half-human . extras are numerous informative and inventive . the dvd transfer is astounding . the audio quality is meliflous .
this was the third anime series i had ever seen . the first was cowboy bebop , then outlaw star . with that in mind , realize that i saw this entire series on one sunday afternoon-night . this was the first `` giant robot '' series i had ever seen . i was verrrrrrrrrrrry dissapointed with the ending and have not seen the movies yet , but i still really enjoyed the show . this series offers emotional reaction that i had not felt from any other show or movie in years ... this collection at such a low price is an absolute value , my only advice is to skip most of the 5th or 6th ? disc and watch the directors versions of the last <NUM> or <NUM> episodes on the last disc instead
a certain rick stanton previously left a nice review saying that unless you were raised by dogs , this book will teach you nothing . in todays ' america , there is no time or room for compassion . it 's all about me , myself and i . this book , ( even if you were raised by educated , compassionate people who took the time to really educate you ) will at least refresh the basics in your mind . basics that are probably faded in your mind by the everyday crazy rat race . for those who like most were not raised with compassion and intelligence of the heart , it will open up some unused parts of your being
so i finished watching season <NUM> and let me tell you there are no words to describe how good the dialogue , the action , and the story arc was . please give this show a chance you will not regret it . yes , season <NUM> was slow but that 's how it is usually . afterwards , the show continues to grow . season <NUM> is probably my favorite because of spike and the storyline . i was pretty sad about fred . wesley is such an amazing character who becomes his own person on angel . i love what they did to him . this was worth all my money . please someone tell me a show out there rite now that beats angel and buffy . i mean the writing was sooo good this season how could wb even think to cancel this show ? now we will never see angel again ... booo wb !
so how about that ? a mahler second that actually moves ! the result is one of the most exciting readings of all time . it 's truly legend . this is one of the two greatest mahler seconds . here mehta , who can often be an oddly questionable interpreter , lightens the music at just the right level , making it brilliantly unique . instead of allowing the music to sink into itself , like most imitations of bernstein 's classic reccording . music has to move , it has to speak , it has to breathe .. never has mahler been so logically accessible and tended for . the experience gained from this recording is greatly edifying , if not spiritual . technically however , its not perfect : one thing that makes it somewhat lacking . sometimes the orchestra is not really synchronized . precision is sometimes sacrificed for mehta 's ingenious creativity . however , to me these sort of flaws just make the piece more homely and natural . the vienna is of course fantastic in sound . brilliant , but deep and always resonant . this is some masterpiece material . a truly excellent cd
this book is a must if you are studying the bible . explanations are given of facts , verses , people and places as you go from one book in your bible to the next . i found out about it in bible study class . my senior pastor , has a copy he got over <NUM> yrs ago , and still used . one of the best studying guides you can have in your library
treasure plnet is the best movie ever . i wanted to watch over & over again ! it is the a wonderful story . i think it needs to have <NUM> stars ! it 's about a boy who go 's hunting for treasure , but on his journey he learns something more important . this movie is great
like other reviewers , i agree that a book is no substitute for instruction by a teacher . nevertheless , this comes as close ( for the yang style short form ) as anything i 've found . even if you have no interest in the martial aspects of taiji , having the potential applications of the form enriches practice . i found the illustrations clear . i own a half dozen or so books on taiji , and this is the only one i regularly consult
while ostensibly the worst movie of the 21st century , this paean to masculinity has pushed the feminist movement up by <NUM> years . how ? by exulting in the lowest common denominator of male attributes . imbecilic jokes abound to entertaining the male masses who must make up the majority of this film 's viewers . however , below the surface is brilliance , undercovered only by a select group of cinematic geniuses . to the select few , this film is actually a stark examination of depravity : we are asked to observe b-grade actors be pushed increasingly lower into the depths . we explore what is not on the screen , such as the awkward human feeling behind the scenes . one can only imagine the director yelling `` tomcats , scene <NUM> , act <NUM> ! action ! , '' as horatio sanz is asked for the fourteenth time to tell a ( ... ) joke . thus , if you want to see phallus jokes and dispense high-fives , watch the film . if you want to see a brilliant dissertation of human depravity , check it out .
i have been an offspring fan for many years . i have listened to every one of their albums serveral times over and this one has came out on top of all of the rest . in my opinion , the albums from greatest to least are ( not counting their greatest hits album ) : <NUM> . ignition <NUM> . self titled <NUM> . smash <NUM> . ixnay on the hombre <NUM> . americana <NUM> . splinter <NUM> . conspiracy of one note that i am judging the album as a whole , and not just by the best songs . ignition has not a single `` space filler '' song . it is a raw , <NUM> 's punk rock , consistant album . some disagree that this is the best of the bunch and argue that smash is . i agree smash has amazing songs like `` self-esteem '' , `` come out and play '' , `` gone away '' , and many others that helped boost the offspring to the mainstream . but not every song on smash is absolutely good . `` dirty magic '' is the best song on the cd , if not the best offspring song of all time . i think it is overlooked and underrated . ignition starts off with dexter yelling `` f * * k '' and shows you were the album goes from then on . `` session '' is the first song on the cd and one of the top songs of the cd . there are many great and catchy songs from then on . then hits the more emotional , dark , and mysterious song `` dirty magic '' . then it moves into the drug song on the album which is `` hypodermic '' . after that comes the pyromaniac loving song , `` burn it up '' . `` no hero '' is also a great example of how the offsping can turn a simple chug riff into something amazing . `` l.a.p.d . '' is to offsping like `` f * * k the police '' is to n.w.a . another catchy song comes after that called `` nothing from something '' . and what better way to end the cd with a great song like `` forever and a day '' . sure this album is no sgt . pepper 's , but no one has touched the beatles . so i highly reccomend this album to people who have heard the offspring before . but if you are just starting to enter the offspring 's world , i would suggest smash for a better feel . after you get ignition and if you really like it , their self titled is right up there with it
the 25th episode of zatoichi finds the ever humble blind masseur on his way to his hometown . it has been years since zatoichi has visited his family ; and with a toss of a coin , the protagonist finds himself back to a different village that he left many years before . one of the changes zatoichi finds is that he has a sister who was raised by the same woman who raised him . only the old woman is now deceased : zatoichi has been away far too long . also , zatoichi meets a man who grew up with him as a young boy . this man is now a corrupt government official . when zatoichi is giving this friend a massage , the official says that he does not know zatoichi , yet ichi knows that the official is lying . ichi relates what they did as children , and still the official rebuffs him . the official is not only corrupt , but he has no honor and decency . the official is attempting to claim the village 's quarry , which is the main source of income for the people who live there . and this angers zatoichi . one of the greatest actors in cinema history also makes his appearance in the film . takashi shimura -- of the famed `` seven samurai '' and `` ikiru '' by akira kurosawa , portrays the old man who is watching over the new-found sister of zatoichi . takeshi shimura has always been my favorite actor , and it was wonderful to see him in this episode of zatoichi . the conclusion of the film is a strange one , which i do not wish to give away . however , zatoichi confronts his old childhood friend . and as he does he struggles with the problem of whether or not to kill him . this is an excellent zatoichi episode . the cinematography is great , and the character actors in the film -- especially the corrupt official -- are great . i highly recommend this great episode of `` zatocihi 's conspiracy '' to all viewers .
if someone were to rush up to me and hold a gun to my hand and insist that i recommend one and only one jesus & mary chain album to someone completely unfamiliar with their music with the proviso that it be the album that would bring that person the most enjoyment , i would be in a complete quandary ( though why some insane person would be wielding a pistol in such a nutty undertaking i wo n't speculate about ) . on the one hand , psychocandy is unquestionably their masterpiece , not merely a great album , but one of the great precursors of the emergence of alternative music in the nineties . yeah , alternative went pop when nirvana hit it big with nevermind in <NUM> , but the jesus & mary chain had already copped all the right attitudes and struck all the right chords with psychocandy in <NUM> . with that album they go down with the velvet underground , television , and big star as bands that wield an influence vastly in excess of their collective record sales . but as great as psychocandy is , i 'm not sure that <NUM> singles : 1984-1998 does n't have better songs . the collection of singles pulls together not merely the very best songs off psychocandy , but a host of great songs off other albums that either were n't as good or were n't very good at all , but nonetheless had a couple of great individual cuts . for instance , back when i was collecting jesus & mary chain discs , i stopped with psychocandy , darklands , and barbed wire kisses , two albums and an anthology . this means that i missed out on some really great cuts that are collected here . for instance , i was completely blown away by `` head on '' the first second i heard it , but because i did n't get automatic , it was completely new to me . same thing is true of `` blues from a gun , '' the very scary `` reverence , '' `` sometimes always '' ( with guest lead vocal by hope sandoval of mazzy star ) , and the wonderful pair of cuts from munki , `` i love rock n roll '' and `` i hate rock n roll . '' these are just great songs , and they really make me regret that i stopped my collecting of their music when i did . so , i truly hope gun-toting maniacs stay away from me , but if saner , more everyday folk want who are unacquainted with one of the great bands of the eighties and nineties want to dive into their music , i would strongly recommend both psychocandy and <NUM> singles : 1984-1998 . this music is as crucial as anything that arose during the period
will people <NUM> or <NUM> years from now look around and wonder where all of the rivers are ? i hope not
i did n't notice it was a bad movie . all i saw was johnny depp . seriously , it 's a great movie . i think maybe people are forgeting this started out as a childrens ' movie .
the future is wild takes a peek into the future as we know it . there are three discs . the first one is set five million years into the future . it is the middle of another ice age . there is an introduction and four episodes . every other disc has four episodes . episode <NUM> : return of the ice shagrats stuggle to survive as they are stalked by hungry snowstalkers . the shagrat looks like a cross between a capybara and a lemming . the snowstalker is a white cat with sabre-tooth like fangs . episode <NUM> : the vanished sea the bottom of europe and the tip of africa has come together , blocking off the mediterrainean from the atlantic ocean . this has caused all the water to evaporate , only leaving a salt flat.on this salt flat lives a family of cryptiles , lizard-like animals that run on two legs . islands , have become small patches of land covered with crevases . on the crevases , lives the scrofa , a pig-like animal that is in constant danger . episode <NUM> : praries of the amizonia the amazon rainforest has died out and become a vast plain . on these plains , karakillers hunt in groups to track down the babookaris . also , the rattleback has evolved from various marsupiels and has formed a fire-proof exterior . episode <NUM> : cold kansas desert the rattleback is also making a stand in the kansa desert . a bird species called the spinks , has adapted to underground life through the raging sandstorms . also , the deathgleaners hunt for them on the surface like bats . the second disc travels <NUM> million years into the future to find out more about the corse of evolution . episode <NUM> : waterland the octopus family is taking its irst crawls onto land . the new name is the swampus . their nest are located in plants , wich are in consistant danger of being toppled over by torutons . torutons are <NUM> ton creatures that feed on 1,323 pounds of food a day . surprizingly , there closest relatives today is the tiny tortoise . in the water , the lurkfish is always wating to shock its prey with 1,000 volts of electricity . episode <NUM> : flooded world this episode is set in the shallow seas of the future . many , many jellyfish have formed together to form the ocean phantom . in the ocean phantom 's tenticles , the spindle trooper is always ready to get the food . by food , i mean the reef glider . episode <NUM> : tropical antarctica antarctica has come north to the equator . as a result , it is covered with lush rainforests . these rainforests are home to spitfire beetles and spitfire birds . the flutterbird is also a welcome guest to this new antarctica . episode <NUM> : the great plateau a great blue windrunner dominates the high altitudes of the new plateau . the plateau was formed when australia when north and struck north america and asia . the great blue windrunner is a four winged bird that relys on the silver spider for food . the silver spider relys on the last mammal ever , the poggle , to give them food . they feed the poggle until it is fat enough , and then they kill it and feed the poor creature to the queen . on the final disc , the timestream eccelerates to <NUM> million years into an alien world . episode <NUM> : the endless desert <NUM> million years earlier , a massive asteroid impact wiped out <NUM> percent of the earth 's life-forms . after the world recovered , pangea ii became the new land mass . the endless desert was home to a veriety of creatures like the terabyte , and antlike insect thet shot sticky goo at its prey . its prey , meaning the centapede-like garden worm , was helpless . in the water , the gloomworm and the slickribbon live in a bloody world . eisode <NUM> : the global ocean with one landmass , there was one ocean . the ocean flish flew over this ocean and fed on the common silver swimmer . but the food chain dos n't stop there . the rainbow squid feasts on the flish and the sharkopah considers the rainbow squid a delicacy . episode <NUM> : graveland desert this world is home to a one legged snail called the desert hopper . these creatures share their desert home with a menagerie of other aliens including the deathbottle , the grimworm , and the bumblebeetle . episode <NUM> : tentacled desert in this final episode , squids have evolved to immense sizes , and have moved onto the land perminantly . the megasquid is a perfect example . this beast is larger then an elephant ! though it is huge , its flaw is that it is not very smart . its treetop dwelling relative , the squibbon , is very social and very smart . this species could even trigger another civilization ... this is the exact reason that the future is wild
the other reviewers said this was the coe record . i got ta say it is ! if you want to hear saloon-singin ' , get this . you can almost taste the sour whiskey and smell the smoke while dave allen coe hits his licks
in one of the most intelligent and unhesitating science fiction films of the 1950s , robert wise equipped `` the day the earth stood still '' with technical marvels , chief among them the huge robot gort -- the prototype , michael rennie suggests , for a global police force ... similar mechanical giants have been lumbering out of space-ships ever since ... in `` devil girl from mars , '' the giant refrigerator robot chai hunts for virile scotsmen and find john laurie , while in 'target earth , ' the venusian robots imitate gort in projecting rays from their heads but take the idea a step further and make the rays lethal ... in stanley kubrick 's 'mythological documentary , ' hal <NUM> computer is the most human character in the movie ... but in james cameron 's breakthrough feature , there is , indeed , ' a storm coming in . ' his 'terminator ' is a systematic metal , 'surrounded by living tissue , ' an invulnerable cyborg , part man , part machine , with whom 'it ca n't be bargained with , it ca n't be reasoned with . ' the film opens with two naked men appearing in two different parts of los angeles ' darkened streets ... one is tall and powerfully built , the other is compact and muscular ... both men seek the same person , a small and delicate blond woman by the name of sarah connor ... arnold schwarzenegger is terrifying as the 'killer cyborg ' who 'looks like death rendered in steel . ' he has searched the phone book and brutally shot to death other unfortunate women who bear the same name ... he is sent back from the future to present-day ( <NUM> ) to kill the mother of an unborn enemy ... schwarzenegger moves with inhuman speed bounding like a panther , scanning methodically with dominated blue eyes his surroundings , and in a perfect simulation of voice , he is on the track of his victim ... he examines his weapons with precise movements , drives expressionlessly , and kills without pity , or remorse , or fear ... it is a role that suits his talent perfectly ... michael biehn seems scared by traumas of others wars ... his face outlines a long burn scar ... he tries to stop schwarzenegger 's attempts to be carried out ... he is sinister in his long coat ... his whole life has been combat ... he identifies himself as reese , a soldier from the future , assigned to protect sarah at all costs ... for him it is an honor , a chance to meet the legend ... we feel his pain and anguish when he said : 'that terminator is out there . and it absolutely will not stop , ever , until you are dead ! ' linda hamilton is quiet convincing as the strong innocent prey , targeted for termination , momentarily disoriented , vaguely disturbed ... she feels a blind panic boiling up within her , a lightning blot of terror greater than she could ever imagine ... she is in a daze , paralyzed , shivering silently , uncontrollably ... her fragile personality disguises a hidden force she did't know she had ... cameron makes a successful move behind the lens in one of the most breathtaking modern action science fiction films ...
the book delivers what it promises : a modern look on the abramelin operation and the possible procedures involved in obtaining the so called knowledge and conversation with your holy guardian angel , samadhi , or whatever your label of choice is for this ineffable experience you are after . just like `` the new hermetics '' ( another title by the same author which i sincerely recommend for those with an interest in magick and/or nlp ... and how big is the difference between the two after all ? ) , 21st century mage keeps an eye on the past and tradition , while at the same time cutting through whatever may be superfluous , and keeping a very effective , non-dogmatic , outcome-oriented attitude . if you have a general interest for the abramelin operation and are after a good read , or if you are looking for the book that finally makes it sound feasible , explains how , and spurs you to seriously invest your time to do it , 21st centruy mage definitely has its place on your bookshelf
while at the moma i happened across the chuck close exhibit . i had heard of him , but had never seen his work . as i walked through the exhibit i thought to myself , & quot ; big deal , a bunch of <NUM> foot tall photographs. & quot ; but when i notice the medium was acrylic i was astonded ! this book captures the unbelievable talent of this amazing artist . it shows his the vast array of materials he used from paint , to pieces of paper . i would highly recommend buying this book ! it is one of my favorites
i origionaly did n't want to watch this film i mean come on a film starring sandra bullock but it was my girlfriend who suggested that i watch this film and said that i might like it and now i admit it was pretty good . sandra bullock plays a woman named birdee pruitt who believes to be happy with a perfect life until she appears on national television and hears her best friend confessing to an affair with her husband . she then leaves her married home and travels to her birth place in texas where she begins to rebuild her life and relationships especialy with her mother and young daughter who hates birdee . i was surprised that the film did n't have any cliche hollywood moments and it dealt with human emotions and was realistic , birdee has to overcome the humiliation and public betrayal she obviously has a lot of problems but soon harry connick jr. 's character comes along to hopefully win birdee 's heart since they knew each other from highschool . the film was very uplifting and in a way it is a serious romantic drama with a bit of humor so i enjoyed this film alot and i did n't hesitate the fact that i like sandy in these roles and everybody else gave a great performance and i hope that she stars in more films like this instead of those awful comedies , i highly recomend this film
this book is not for everyone . if you do not like to read classics with everything that goes along with that ( such as long-winded language that seems outdated to us today ) , then you should stay away . for lovers of classical and relatively easy to read literature , this is a good book . a lot of things are amazing , considering how long ago they were written and what overall level of scientific knowledge was at the time . some of it just boggles my mind . at the same time , the book is long winded and in the end , not quite as much happens as one would expect . dan brown 's davinci code has more things happening in the first <NUM> pages than verne has in his entire book . but that is ok in a way , because when i read a classic , i do not expect to compare it to modern standards . the entertainment is due to different factors . in fact , the way the book is written is part of the entertainment and not just the story . i do not give this book <NUM> stars however , because i was disappointed in the end , since not enough of the story really comes to a conclusion . i do not want to spoil the book for you , but there are a lot of unanswered questions , and getting those answers really was what kept me reading . there is quite a bit of build-up , and then in some ways , the book just ends . ( i noticed that style in many books of that time , where the narrator just says `` here is what i know ... but i do not know the whole story ... '' ) . also , to some extent , i agree with some of my fellow reviewers that gave a lower score , in that it is too much of a narration rather than a real story . i do not complain about some of it being like a log book , but i would have wished to get a bit more information about the daily life on board . i just do not buy that the <NUM> travelers just stayed in their room . they must have found out a bit more about other parts of the boat . or at least attempted it , and that would have been interesting to read about , without breaking with the overall style of the book
hello there people looking into buying thug life volume 1. i would first like to start with a little information on thug life which was the name of a rap group which featured 2pac , big syke , mopreme and a few other 's . if you are a 2pac fan you may of already heard of this album although this album is one of 2pacs most unrecornised albums and when 2pac founded the group in <NUM> they where quite unknown to the public and it was only after 2pac was shoot when people noticed the album . the thug life group may better today be known as the outlawz with big syke changing his name to mussilini on the outlawz albums 2pac to makaveli , mopreme did not stay with the group when they changed there names to the outlawz which was a shame due to the fact mopreme was one of the better rappers on the thug life album , he was also the son of the late mutulu shakur which was 2pacs stepfather . mutulu is mentioned alot in 2pacs older albums due to the fact mutulu was there for tupac and tupac saw him as a father figure , even though mutulu was placed on the fbi 's most wanted list after escaping from prison in the <NUM> 's tupac looked up to him . the name thug life is a name 2pac called the group with the meaning : the hate u gave little infants f * * k every1 which spells out thug life if you use the first letter in every word . the notoious b.i.g was also meant to join the group when they had first started but the record label desided against it and removed b.i.g * the album * this is a old classic album and fans of tupac would be expected to have this place near the top shelf of any cd rack , due to tupacs death the rise of price 's to shakurs albums means they have shoot up quite a lot and you could be expected to pay from $ <NUM> and upwards per album but at the moment i think this album is going rather cheap . if your a fan of all eyez on me and alot of tupacs latier stuff and style then this album may not be your best album to buy , tupac is often well know for his poetic rhyming and graphic lyrics but this album is more hardcore and talk 's about diffrent topics in one song rather then the song telling a story of just one topic ie : tear drops and close caskets there seems to be more of a darker side to this album and although the album is diffrent to shakurs newer stuff this album is still a brilliant album , ( i did n't leave this album to be the last one to buy till i finished my pac collection , i think it was the 3rd i bought ) there are some brilliant songs on this album , songs like how long will you morn me in memory for kado ( r.i.p ) which also d.m.x . does a memorial for kado at the end of where the hood at vidoe even if you buy the album for how long will they morn me it is still money well spent due to the song been such a classic with great lyrics and a brilliant choaros by nate dogg , there are other great song on there too with great basic background beats of the drums with a funky tune the come over the drums . plent of song reach out and touch you when listening to the lyrics and you will find your self listening to the album more and more once you own it , also the lyrics are easy to pick up on and means easier to sing along with ( we all like a good sing along ) i would recomend this album to first time buyer 's and defo to old 2pac fans who hav n't got it yet . thank you for taking the time to read my review , i hoped it help you in your choice . please feel free to leave coments and to also look at my other reviews by clicking on `` see all reviews '' button next to my name
you ca n't lose with wallace and gromit . great for the entire famil
i appreciated the way this book helps staff find the focus of their strengths . it 's a great way to help people know what others already know about them . i highly recommend this for a staff retreat . our only challenge was one person who was not able to use the number on the cover to access their test .
ten stars . that simple . between a flawless performance by douglas and the advisory/cameo role of jeff beck , this movie backfired on stone . its brilliance is as much in its apparent insight into `` 80s greed '' as it is inspiration for everyone who firmly believes that one ferrari is simply not enough . virtually every line of this oscar-winning masterpiece should be committed to memory , not for it purported value as a parable re : capitalism gone bad but as an arrow in one 's quiver for daily conversation . `` i create nothing ; i own .
most singers have to scream from mountaintops to be heard . others have to strategically position themselves to be taken seriously . but maysa leak , vocalist of the underexposed incognito , has a grace that oozes so effortlessly , that her peers must be scrambling to wonder how she 's able to do it . her solo debut is n't going to make anyone forget about incognito , but it 's a solid album that shows that she 's able to stand on her own . the disc is a mix of jazz-laced soul that never makes leaps and bounds to make a statement ( heads up , alicia keyes ) and does n't stray too far from her past work with incognito . like a kite on a windy october afternoon , it soars with ease . favorte tracks of mine are & quot ; black heaven , & quot ; & quot ; can we change the world ? , & quot ; and & quot ; peace of mind. & quot ; maybe , one day , the mainstream will catch up with maysa and find out what it has been missing for all these years
another great book , which comes as no surprise . the first book ends with him being removed from his home , permanently , due to his mother 's abuses . this book gives us an insider 's look at the foster home system , flaws and all , which rings quite true . i spent a week there myself , and have some delinquent cousins with a bit more experience . i suppose it 'd shock a lot of readers , however . meanwhile , what shocked me was that his mother was still part of his life . grr ! great book . it 's brilliant as well , and naturally i expect the same of the third part in this trilogy .
alot of reviews are saying the edgar rice burroughs did not actually write `` john carter and the giant of mars '' . the truth is that he did . this is what happened and what causes confusion : a childrens publisher wanted a short version of a edgar rice burroughs ' novel . mr. burroughs was concerned that he could not keep it short enough for the publisher so he asked his son to help craft a shorter story . at the same time , amazing stories asked edgar rice burroughs for another mars novel . a full lenght one to serialize . edgar took the short story and stretched it to a full novel . this is confirmed by several sources and by edgar rice burroughs estate . it explains why some of the novel strays from the rest of the series . so , yes his son was involved , but it is wrong to say that edgar rice burroughs did not write it . he did . especially the novel version . anyway , all of the mars books are exciting and i recomend all the books in the series
this is an outstanding production that i seriously recommend . saint sains wrote many operas that are totally neglected today . many of them had historical themes and were completelly out of fashion when wagners `` fantasy operas '' ruled the opera world . lets hope we will heare more of this brilliant composers neglected operas
i used the first edition of stroustrip 's the c++ programming language until it was dog-eared and the binding fell apart . i 'm glad that this edition is hard-backed so i wo n't wear it out . c++ is a complex language and it 's impossible to write a program of any size in c++ without a good reference on your desk . i have not found any other c++ reference that is as complete or as useful as this book . this is not an introduction to c++ but rather a reference book . i learned c++ from lippman 's c++ primer but that 's on my bookshelf and stroustrip is on my desk .
high seas adventure with one of the most psychopath captains to command a ship . while it is a well known fact that many captains , especially those of whaling ships , were rigid , callous and at times barbaric in their conduct , howes norris was in the upper echelon of this deranged behavioral class . whether it was horrific floggings , withholding food , or senseless other malicious acts of torment , some may say that norris got what was coming to him . joan druett attempts to unfold the mystery of norris ' murder through two journals that were shrouded in secrecy for over <NUM> years . it is a good , entertaining read . for this reader though , the evidence is still inconclusive as to who was really responsible for norris ' death . all indications are that the two slain natives were held accountable but who was really the instigator ?
film . terrific use of lighting and camera work . if you like hbo 's 'deadwood ' series you 'll see where they got there story line here . leonard cohen 's songs fit perfectly with the story . cohen , so it goes was very taken with altman 's work on 'mash ' and after 'mccabe ' was finished gave the song 's to altman to use . that 's right gave . he did n't take any money for hits like 'sisters of mercy ' and the 'stranger song '
as with most tv series you get statements with out support . so i tracked down the richard shenkiman book to get some background to the statements about american myths . i was not disappointed . it is as if he was reading this book on the tv with more graphic representations for the different media . the book is worth reading . however the format may not be to some peoples liking as it is short choppy statements and the chapters are divided into subjects as , discoverers and inventors , presidents , sex , and art . there is a fair set of footnotes to lead you to further reading . you may need this as he sometimes stretches a point . final analysis , you are better off reading this to give a better perspective on reality . read it to your kids and save them a lifetime of `` legends , lies & cherished myths of american history '' .
nobody seems to realize the personal element in this book.her insinuations of violence as revenge are rhetorical and come from millenia of do i even need to say it ? it 's not like she is speaking on behalf of the movement but in behalf/against the years . nobody 's going to puncture your larynx with a stiletto , alright ? i suggest those who think a woman expressing her rage in a violent manner for justifiable reasons to be so taboo read henry miller 's black spring.perhaps more to your taste
great remixes . not her best , but it ranks up there with her best ! ! :
i think this is a great book to read before you even consider potty training ... like when your child is <NUM> 1/2 , but if you are in the midst of training and looking for more specific advice , skip this book
not being from the south , and only regularly watching nascar beginning in <NUM> , my opinions may not quite be as objective or fact vs. fiction as others . the movie gives us a look into the legendary nascar driver dale earnhardt . starting with his upbringing in a small mill town by a tough as nails father who dies in his prime , ralph , who races the dirt tracks . it was rumored that noone could ever beat ralph when he raced . the story gives us an insight into dales life up to his tragic death on the track , while along the way showing us all the people who were a part of his life and a part of what made him be who he was . from his father , to other racers , his wives and kids , and his special friendship with another driver who perished on the track , neil bonnet . it also shows his reaqaintance with his first son , cary . dale is perplexed to learn that cary also worked in the same mill that his dad and him worked in , making cary a 3rd generation mill worker . it also has a great depiction of dale jr. , how his stubborness as a teenager is met with a wall of eqaulity from his father , and how the two ended up racing together in the end . barry pepper does an excellent job , i feel , of playing the role of the great racer . the cast was done superbly for this movie and given their limited budget , i have to give espn a `` <NUM> thumbs up '' for their effort in bringing us a great story about a great individual of our time . i always had the assumption dale was a bit of a jerk , a grump , well this movie not only proved that wrong but showed me that the whole track can be filled with grumps when it comes to racing for the next dollar or meal . dale waltrip is portrayed as an arrogant instigator to earnhardt early in his career . the second to last scene in the movie leaves us breathless as it shows the 4th turn on the final lap of the daytona <NUM> that would ultimately be dale 's last race . the final scene in the movie , outside of the mill , was very fitting , i wo n't give it away so watch it !
i have n't read the book but i assume it 's the same as the movie . i first saw this movie in japan and i fell in love with it and all following miyazaki movies . he has a gift when it comes to story telling . the characters , with jiji the black cat as my favorite , are unforgettable
i remember the good old days , watching labrynth or dark crystal as a kid . this is the one that started it all . i dont quite know why but from that time till today there has been no better devil either . great movie to remind you of those good old times . an absolutely wonderful classic
spectre is back , and <NUM> has got'em . this time spectre plots to steal two atomic bombs and hold the world for ransom ( a situation still very real for the world today ) . a bit underrated by some james bond movie fans , but i think it just gets better with age . sean connery 's personal favorite ! still has the right stuff as james bond . has by far the best looking bevy of bond girls ever to grace the silver screen ! claudine auger , is my bond dream girl as good-girl domino . lucianna paluzzi , lusciously evil as the first true bond femme-fatale ! adolpho celi , a scary and most formidable opponent . awesome production values , classic witicisms ( `` i think he got the point '' ) , spectacular underwater action , and another classic john barry score make this bond effort a total splash ! * * * * 1/2 out of * * * * *
i spit on your grave is a fun film for fans of wes craven 's `` last house on the left '' and other `` rape/revenge '' classics , there are some elements of this film that are genuinely gruesome , and others that are practically laughable , either way , it 's not a bad way to spend <NUM> minutes of your life , not if your like me anyway . joe bob brigg 's commentary on this film is a great treat for anyone who has heard about this picture because of it 's controversy , because he does a great job of explaining all of that , and also if your just a big movie buff and want to hear interesting facts about the movie , because that track is chock full of info that is a great addition and joe bob is pretty entertaining anyway , meir zarchi also has a commentary track on this dvd witch is interesting because i had heard that he had kept pretty quiet about this picture since making it , but frankly i was ready to fall asleep about <NUM> seconds into his track so i ca n't really say i found it that interesting , all in all `` i spit on your grave '' is a fun midnight movie for hardcore buffs , and curious horror fans alike
i 've had this album forever and it , to me , is an expression of emo when it was : ( a ) as a term , a much more precise description ; and ( b ) as a body of work , good because it coupled actual musicianship and intelligent lyrical talent to garner such a true expression of raw emotion that to listen was to live that emotion , in a phenomenological sense . to this day , & quot ; the new hangout condition & quot ; ( from which comes the cd 's title ) and & quot ; today or tomorrow & quot ; are favorites of mine . while my predecessor reviewers are right that this album ( and , truly , karate ) will never be & quot ; amazing & quot ; , they can best be described as & quot ; honest and true & quot ; , which is also valuable
if you 've never watched seinfeld , and are definately from earth , then you have to start watching it now . if you 've seen it , as practically everyone who likes comedy has , then you know that season six and seven are two of the best seasons that they made . you definately want to own the set for years to come ! when you are sitting there after a hard day and you need to cheer up , what better than seinfeld to do the job and leave you with a good feeling
this set consists of <NUM> short films and series photographs shot between <NUM> and <NUM> . arranged in roughly chronological order , with the earlier pieces subdivided into categories ( `` edison kinetoscopes , '' `` lumiere films , '' `` actualities '' ) , they present an overview of the early silent era of motion pictures . most people have seen stills or excerpts from such films as `` a voyage to the moon '' and `` the great train robbery , '' but seldom have people had the chance to experience such pioneering works in their entirety . this is not a disc for everybody . only those who have a keen interest in the development of motion pictures at their earliest phase will appreciate it . if you are one of those , like me , consider this a must buy . in addition to scripted comedies and dramas , there are a number of films that simply record everyday life at the turn of the last century . there is `` arrival of a train at la ciotat '' , which is said to have panicked early audiences who failed to grasp that the approaching train was n't going to come through the screen and run them over . other films , such as `` snowball fight '' and `` seminary girls '' are staged with the intent of creating the appearance of spontaneity . either way , these rarely seen films are important documents of a recent past that is so different from our present that it 's hard to believe that they were shot only a century ago . the dolby digital mono sound is clear and well presented . many of the films are tastefully scored with newly recorded piano music , while others are paired with period recordings . `` skyscrapers of new york city from north river , '' for example , is particularly haunting when viewed with its mysterious , unidentified musical accompaniment drifting from the speakers . a good number of films in this collection date back to the <NUM> 's , and a lot of them are a lot better looking than i would have thought . some films , like train robbery , even have their original hand painted color tints intact . one of the neat things about the dvd is the freeze frame , because i was able to spot a single frame in one of the kinetiscope films that was slipped in to read `` copyright <NUM> t.a . edison . '' this is not a disc that 's about features , other than being able to zip from film to film versus fast forwarding on vhs , nor is it one to show off your home theatre . this is a film for those with a serious interest film history only
a grab bag of tasty goodies for all feat fans . several live tracks which never made it onto & quot ; waiting for columbus & quot ; and a deep well of out-takes , alternate versions and curios . plus a hilarious explanation of lowell 's bottleneck of choice ( because you can go just about anywhere and find one ) . if you love the feat , you 'll love this collection
this is one of the <NUM> funniest comedic performances that i 've seen , the other being the kings of comedy ! this had me laughing the whole time i watched it and even after i turned it off ! i wish i knew spanish because there were some parts that he would say in spanish that i did n't understand but it was still sooo funny !
david cromemberg did an excellent job with the adaptation of stephen king 's novel , and christopher walken was superb in his portrayal of johnny smith ( no middle initial ) . the supporting cast added to the film : martin sheen was a convincing greg stilson ( was this a warm up for his west wing role ? ) , i 'm a big fan of tom skerritt , and i did n't recognize herbert lom from his pink panther role . this movie ( and the book ) are put in the horror genre , but i would consider the story to be true science fiction . smith 's character was in a coma for several years , and the story 's premise is that this coma enabled his brain to tap into psychic ablilities . there is nothing supernatural about the villains ; they 're just normal bad people . this movie is not completely faithful to the movie . some of the changes are to make it fit a moderately lengthed movie ( <NUM> minutes ) instead of a 400+ page novel . some of the changes add moderate suspense , keeping the interest of someone who read the novel first . i do question the need for some of the changes -- i do n't know why johnny smith 's psychic abilities required personal contact in the movie ( he could learn things touching people 's clothes or a geographic spot in the book ) , and i did n't think it was necessary of having his tutoree be a younger boy in the movie instead of a teenager as in the book ( this made for what i considered weaker parts of the movie ) . true science fiction is effective because it takes a normal person , puts them in an abnormal situation , and thus investigates the person 's character . due to the time constraints of the movie , it did not as effectively deal with the wrestlings of conscience smith had , but they were not absent either . as a result , the story ( both book and movie ) have a feel of a classic tragedy . this movie is not for children , though it could have easily gained a pg rating ( this movie came out the year before pg-13 was introduced ) . the r rating was gained by one usage of the f-word , a couple of seconds of a revealed breast , and a short gruesome scene involving the death of a character . ( cromemberg has a reputation for gruesomeness in his other movies , like `` scanners '' , `` videodrome '' , and the <NUM> remake of `` the fly '' ; this movie had him more subdued , but very effective . ) besides the r-rating , there are aspects of the story ( equally true in the novel as in the movie ) that i find disturbing as a fundamentalist minister . this is because of its dependence on situation ethics . adultery and murder are considered acceptable on the part of johnny smith because of the situations . in spite of these misgivings , i think this was an excellent movie . i think it was worthy of several awards , such as acting nominations for walken and sheen , for adapted screenplay , and for best picture .
`` decomposition '' is by far j. eric miller 's best work yet . his `` animal rights and pornography '' collection of short stories was only a glimpse of his truly remarkable storytelling . with `` decomposition '' we see miller at his best . the story 's pace never falters as the reader is pulled into the mind of the tale 's protagonist without ever wanting to look back . this was a great read ! i definitely recommend this book ! ck gaunt
i could n't put this down , from the first fishing trip that turns into a life-changing trap , to the final decisions two young men -- and older men -- have to make about their history , their lives and their role in re-living or changing history . powerful book . highly recommended
i loved it it was funny it had a good story line and i liked it so much i bought i
i have had this deck for many years now and have not found any better cards to date . they just tell it how it is , simply , without fuss , and without blame . if you do n't want to see your reflection , then do n't look in the mirror ! they articulate human nature exquisitely . mine come everywhere with me . i used them professionally for a few years very sucessfully . i would n't be without them . they are the best friend you could ever have . if you want to develop your better nature/spiritual side , then buy some today . i am not so sure about the enclosed booklet , but i found the book - the secrets of the tarot , a valuable backup . i still see new insights into them even now , and i am sure that i will for years to come
lil'abner is a fantastic musical which is pleasing to both children , as well as adults ! the movie plays like a comic strip/cartoon and is a must see for all fans of obscure family oriented musicals ! although i have never read any of the classic comic strips .. the movie is still very cute ! movies like this are not made anymore ! highly recommended ! !
a single disc dvd version of a flawless movie.i think the other multi disc versions are unnecessary.this will meet all your needs from this great movie ( i call it a movie but it is something else that i cant find the exact word
i keep reading reviews of rainbow albums as decent or average , which is an understatement . while rainbow never reached the musical heights of deep purple , the band was , in it 's own right , influential in creating the gothic hard rock sound that so many derivative <NUM> 's english metal bands embraced . i admit that i am biased in blackmore 's favor , but that 's because he is that good of a guitarist and quite underrated . listen to each song , but do n't waste your time on `` if you do n't love rock and roll , '' which elicits about as much emotion as watching lichens growing on rocks . however , `` man on the silver mountain '' and `` self portrait '' are <NUM> 's metal classics
ok .... see if you can make sense of this ... my favorite bands are radiohead , the cure , bauhaus , talking heads , kraftwerk , and dan fogelberg ..... so , where does his sound fit into this genre ' of music ? it doesnt ... i just happen to love this guys voice and his tunes .... my favorite one on here is same ol lang syne ... oh my god , i melt when i hear this .... i have to admit , lots of his music is sentimental to me due to my childhood , but i listen to him pretty much every night when i go to bed .. i think his music is beautiful ...... peace :
having read through most of the other reviews of this excellent series , i find there is little new praise to add . we stumbled upon this series when it aired on masterpiece theatre one evening and have been hooked ever since . kitchen conveys volumes about his character 's inner turmoil and thoughts -- without speaking a single word . by watching the delightful interplay between foyle and sam , between father and son , between employer and subordinate , friend and friend , you discover nuggets of each person 's upbringings , beliefs , losses , and fears . the mostly-unseen character who influences them all , the soon-to-invade german army , continuously forces each character to internally re-examine his or her priorities and decisions . this series is superb . anyone interested in mysteries or in history will thoroughly enjoy .
in an interview sir alec guinness was asked how difficult it was for him to portray an individual whom he in actual life was the opposite to , sir alec responded as all great actors would , by saying that he felt it to be challenging , but enjoyed it once he got into it ... and this is the alec guinness that one sees in tunes of glory . the tale of friction between two powerful figures , both with huge egos and both unwilling to bend to the circumstances of reality and their times . the ending of the movie has always broken me up and brought me to tears . for just as in the movie ... `` all my sons '' .. the major ( guiness ) felt an afffinity and a kinship to all the men under him , growing to love them as ( ... '' all my babies '' ... ) he would his own sons .. there lies the irony in the ending ... and his ultimate feelings for col. barrow ( john mills ) ..... enuff sai
this was my favorite story when i was a child . i love how it tells of a young girl who chooses to give up something she loves for her family and people ... i read this book whenever i could in school . now that i teach pre school i get to share the beauty of this story with my class and they love it too ... in texas you see them everywhere in late march to early may . i use to think it was funny but now i have to wonder why , when you see a bluebonnet an indian paintbrush is n't that far away
there is something for every woman is this book . rather you 're lesbian , bisexual , or heterosexual . it is one of my all time favorites . i was really struggling with my sexuality when i came across this book . it helped me to understand that i was n't alone out there , and that every women deserves satisfaction sexually just as men do in our society today .
i 'm so glad to see a history for today 's young women about what it was like before title <NUM> - which , while it was n't that long ago , seems unreal to my daughter 's generation . i remember the days before , when the boys got the gym and were formed into athletic teams while the girls got what passed for pe - calisthenics in the cafeteria ! ( and instructional time was used to move the tables and chairs aside ) in a day when feminism is facing a hostile backlash , ms. blumenthal 's book is a valuable reminder that `` what used to be '' was n't as rosy as some claim , a reminder of the gains made in sports by talented girls , and of what we do n't want to return to ! five stars
once you get started collecting this series , you 'll want them all . the show gets better as it goes along .
my mom bought this years ago and i still think it 's wonderful music for christmas . definitely buy this album .
this is probably my most favorite movie ever , but i would like to point out to all the people , including the official amazon.com review , that it is n't texas ! the movie was filmed in kern county- specifically bakersfield , california . nowhere in the movie does it imply that it is texas , and in fact locals will recognize many landmarks from the <NUM> 's , including i think it is 19th street with the hub ( where we all bought western clothing and boots ) , the pawn shops , and the porn shops . the turn-off where bobby gets caught up playing a piano on the back of the pick-up truck is to shafter , ca , one of the small dust-bowl era farm towns in kern county . the bowling alley was freddy 's top of the hill on union avenue , where we all went bowling in high school . bobby works not in the texas oilfields , but in the oilfields , now for the most part non-producing ( although the oil supposedly is still there , just being held for economic reasons ) , that are located out near taft . now that that is cleared up- the movie itself is incredible and in my opinion nicholsons ' best and most raw acting , without the goofy cliche crazy nicholson schtick that characterizes his later work . his scene with his father before he leaves is pure , open , painful emotion- and one of the best performances on-screen of any actor , ever
this proves that scarling is an original and creative band , far surpassing jack off jill . all joj fans can be sure , that scarling is no joj reborn , but is it 's own band , inovative and brain-tickling . what a refreshing break from the norm ! ~mirlin popla
i was hesitant to read this because of it being on the supernatural side , but my friend encouraged me to read a couple of chapters befor making up my mind , and i am so glad she did . it is one of the best books i have read . even if you do n't buy into the whole ghost thing , i think that most will still love this book . before you know it , you are totally wrapped up in it -- i could n't put it down !
yo its like sean b. dady said
i have been wanting to see this movie for years . i finally found a copy [ ... ] , of all places . why doesnt any walk-in rental store rent this out ? they rent out cheech & chong movies , but not this ? gim me a break , hollywood & blockbuster ! ! this movie isnt even glorifying drug use , like cheech & chong . instead it is about finding yourself ! the performences by luke wilson , brittney murphy , jack black , andy dick , and jeremy sisto are oscar worthy . not to mention alisia witt ....... hot ! ! highly recommended ! ! and , you dont even have to be buzzed to watch this . its that good !
if you 're a fan of regular book musicals , this one is not for you ! ! ! passion is an operetta style love triangle that is complex , poignant , and beautiful . stephen sondheim 's brillaint score ties the entrie musical together , which again helps him keep his genius status . the clever weaving of songs , scenes , and , most interestingly , letters , make for a great cast album . as for performances , it 's the females who own this show . marin mazzie is as glorious as ever as clara ( she 's even better in ragtime ) , and tony-winner donna murphy brings all of the emotion forward in her portrayal of fosca . for those who are used to the usual sondheim , this one may dissapoint . others , however , will love this opera of love
i do n't speak a word of french beyond tourist phrase-book niceties . i discovered this album when i was an undergraduate , in the undergrad listening library at the university of washington ( seattle ) . i love the sound . still do . my music tastes range from metallica to vivaldi to the carter family , and this album has its own special niche in my heart .
the original edition of this book was out of print for some years and it is delightful to see it out again , and expanded no less . it combines <NUM> great virtues : highly readable and informative text with illustrations of a quality that are & quot ; suitable for framing. & quot ; it is a great book for anyone who takes an interest in botany , cooking , or gardening and you could n't go wrong giving it as a gift to one of these types . it 's also great for reference . if you 're getting it as a gift i suggest ordering <NUM> , because you 'll want one for yourself when you see it
when roxy music reunited in <NUM> , they dipped into the bulk of this album , unfortunately , brian eno did n't take part in the shows . but in <NUM> , they recorded an album so far ahead of its time that it still sounds futuristic today . the sax , synths and screaming guitars along with ferry 's haunting vocals make for creepy afterhours listening . those who are only familiar with roxy and bryan from the 80s on are going to be shocked when they hear this . those who love ziggy-era as well as the eno-fripp and eno-bowie collaborations will love it . those who have watched rocky horror can picture richard o'brien listening to this relentlessly . you can hear radiohead putting this one on as a point of reference for their more recent work ( thom yorke does a fairly decent ferry soundalike on the `` velvet goldmine '' soundtrack ) . you can hear tangerine dream , can and kraftwerk taking notes as well as goth pioneers like bauhaus and joy division cutting their teeth on this one , or bowie and peter gabriel seeing how `` the enemy '' is doing . another name that came to mind was director david lynch , who would work with eno on a `` dune '' track . you can picture bono and edge discussing the songs ... there are accessible songs like `` do the strand '' and `` editions of you '' , and then you have `` bogus man '' , `` in every dream home a heartache '' and `` for your pleasure '' which are as far out as you can get .
i believe vrml 2.0 is the perfect extension for students who have studied opengl and openinventor . the & quot ; vrml 2.0 source book & quot ; brings into the light many concepts in open inventor which seem difficult to apply . interpolators , sensors , collision detection , ... etc . i applied many of the examples , into openinventor file format , rendered the scene graph , and control the scene with an open inventor widget . likewise , i was able to recreate the same functionality using a browser . understand vrml 2.0 is the next level of computer graphics , and the & quot ; vrml 2.0 & quot ; source book provides the mentorship necessary to get there
i first listened to the two main singles from this album , `` message in a bottle '' and `` walking on the moon , '' when i bought the greatest hits album . `` walking on the moon '' has slowly become my favorite police song mainly for its simplistic yet hypnotic rhythm and its quirky yet intriguing lyrics . i had heard the track `` the bed 's too big without you '' some time later , and i decided to buy this album . the same time , i bought synchronicity , being as that is their final proper album and had some great tracks on it . the funny thing is this : i found synchronicity to be a let-down and regatta de blanc to be a triumph . the key to this whole album is what the title of is means : white reggae . with a heavy influence of reggae , all of the songs come together in a nice fashion . the lyrics have some bite to it and the music can be fierce when it needs to be , but the police finally sit back and develop intricate rhythms too all of their songs . sting said that he used the spacious reggae bass style because it gave him room to sing , and it absolutely shows here . he beats the hell out of ub40 when it comes to white reggae singing . his voice is absolutely unique , a true instrument rather than just a voice . summers develops a cool , collected style of guitar , loud when it needs to be , but never too flashy . copeland encompasses everything and becomes one of the greatest drummers to walk the planet . nothing shows that cohesion more than the instrumental title track , and it deservedly won a grammy for best rock instrumental performance . that track sums up the album very nicely : a straight rock album with the intricacies of reggae , and it stands just underneath zenyatta mondatta as the best of the police
iron butterfly ... definately different . there are not too many if any albums with this sound . i used to have this on wax and wanted it on cd now . great for rap producers if you are creative with samples . true music fans will enjoy
` notes from the underground ' is a formidable work of philosophy and of psychology , not to mention its worth as a novel . in the space of around one hundred pages , dostoyevsky manages to expound theories on reason , alienation , suffering , and human inaction . the book 's importance and influence on generations of writers can not be over-emphasised ; sartre and camus are only two examples of people who have been directly influenced by this book . the book is presented in two parts . part one ` underground ' is written in the form of the nameless narrator 's rambling thoughts on reason and his claim that throughout history , human actions have been anything but influenced by reason . underground man 's charge is that man values most the freedom to choose to act in opposition to reason 's dictates . dostoyevsky 's critique of reason then , although it demands attention and is somewhat difficult to follow , sets the philosophical foundations for the rest of the book . part two ` a propos of the wet snow ' is much easier to read , as the narrator recounts three episodes which happened when he was fifteen years younger and working as a civil servant in st. petersburg . the first considers an incident in which an army officer insults him and goes on to detail underground man 's subsequent internal anguish at his inability to commit an act of retribution . the second episode takes place at a farewell dinner for an acquaintance named zverkov . the narrator is utterly disgusted with the company in which he finds himself but despite this , he is unable - even though he desires it - to make them realise this . the third episode details underground man 's brief , painful and emotional relationship with a prostitute . dostoyevsky is refreshing in this book thanks not only to his incredibly powerful prose , but also for the intense but subtle way in which the stories reflect and indeed embody his philosophical theories . this dark and pessimistic portrayal of the nature of man may not sit very comfortably with many readers , however the ideas expressed in ` notes from the underground ' are as relevant and worthy of deliberation now as i am sure they were in <NUM> .
vh1 's we are the <NUM> 's introduced me to this wonderful album . the video for `` running up that it hill '' captured my total attention . i was very delighted to find that the extended version of this song is also included as an extra track . the rest of the cd has multiple and diversified musical surprises . overall and keeping in mind that this is a recording from the late <NUM> 's it is worth the price .
there was a time when stephen king was one of my favorite authors . then i started hanging out with a better class of authors , hehe . but now , he is once again one of my favorite authors . as i said before , he 's raised his game . on writing and everything after . if it 's a re-issue of an oldie , well , it has a new introduction by the guy who wrote on writing , and that alone makes it worth buying again . truly , i love every word he 's published for the past five years . the guy was already ( perhaps ) the best seller of all time , and he was n't satisfied . how great is that ? what we have here is a collection of <NUM> short stories , some just creepy/scary and others literary . it 's a wonderful mix of what we 've always known he excels at and what we may not have realized he excels at . several months back , i heard some scary rumors to the effect that he might retire . that is not allowed . stephen , if you retire , i 'm gon na round up annie wilkes and we 're gon na make you shave picasso 's neck . so there !
i think that tsotsi was a very moving and inspirational movie ; very worthy of the oscar and all the awards that it won . it is so refreshing to see a movie that is n't marred by all the gliz and glam of hollywood . well done mr. chweneyagae and cast . we hope to see more of you in the future
this book explains why rob in accounting can be such a jerk at times . in other words , it assesses and explains personality disorders in the context of the workplace . i highly recommend it for people with problems at work , or anyone interested in personality disorders
the strange case of dr. jekyll and mr. hyde is one of my favorite stories , and this dvd contains two excellent film versions -- three , if one counts the bugs bunny jekyll-hyde animated short , which is definitely a bonus ! the audio commentary is also an excellent feature , as it delivers a lot of fascinating information regarding both versions featured on this dvd as well as the john barrymore version from the <NUM> 's . now for the main features : the <NUM> 's version with fredric march is highly entertaining , and although it certainly fits the mold of a `` creature feature , '' it carries with it an intelligence that distinguishes it from a typical monster flick . fredric march himself is excellent in the dual role of the saint-like ( and eventually tortured ) dr. jekyll and the initially humorous , but ultimately horrifically sadistic mr. hyde . the ape-like hyde make-up in this film is excellent , especially for its time , but the transformation sequence is even more impressive , as it is done fairly realistically . also , the film sticks to the basic storyline , and the use of the fiance/dancer dichotomy adds an interesting twist to the `` strange case . '' this is a must-see for all fans of horror movies , especially those who enjoy classic horror films . the <NUM> 's version of dr. jekyll/mr . hyde with spencer tracy is also a highly entertaining and excellent film . there are those who do not consider this a horror film -- i would have to disagree with them completely . although this film is a rather lush production of the jekyll/hyde story , spencer tracy 's hyde ends up being rather horrific in his character , all because of an effective portrayal by a more-than-capable actor . he ( tracy ) manages to add a more humorous touch to both personalities ( jekyll and hyde ) , and his jekyll seems genuinely exhausted from the numerous misdeeds of his alter ego . as for the hyde make-up , it is considerably more human-looking than the fredric march version , but this does not make it any less effective . in keeping with the tradition of the <NUM> 's version , tracy 's hyde begins as a somewhat more brutish-looking man who bears relatively little resemblance to the actor , but gets increasingly hideous as the film progresses ; as his deeds get worse and worse , this mr. hyde becomes exactly what he 's meant to be : a monster , both in character and appearance . true , mr. hyde may not be a typical role for actor spencer tracy , but his excellent performance shows that he is far from miscast . also , this version follows the basic story format as well , which qualifies it as a good adaptation of the original story . this dvd is an excellent buy , and any purchaser will definitely get more bang for his or her buck !
a very good book . i have bought two , in order to loan one
avorn 's beautifully written book seems to become more important for `` the rest of us '' with every breaking news story about the pharmecutical industry . my suggestion in the light of the vioxx disaster ? if you are interested in your own health and the medicines we take so casually , then buy a copy of this beautifully written and oh so revealing book . let me give you a flavor of just how good a writer avorn he and how revealing this book is by quoting the way he introduces a chapter from this book : `` in a former british colony , most healers believed the conventional wisdom that a distillation of fluids extracted from the urine of horses , if dried to a powder and fed to aging women , could act as a general tonic , preserve youth , and ward off a variety of diseases . the preparation became enormously popular throughout the culture , and was used widely by older women in all strata of society . many years later modern scientific studies revealed that long-term ingestion of the horse-urine extract was useless for most of its intended purposes , and that it caused tumors , blood clots , heart disease , and perhaps brain damage . '' this ( sad ) `` fairy tale '' introduces the whole sorry tale of hormone replacement therapy for women , and how badly the research was to defend it . the book just gets better from here
john hawkes is richard swersey , a recently separated shoe salesman and father of two boys , in this story of just a few of life 's most basic , yet complicated relationships . richard struggles with the separation from his wife until he meets christine , an eccentric artist who does n't starve only because she chauffeurs the elderly . richard 's sons find love , one conversationally on the internet , and the other physically from the neighborhood girls who want to experiment with him . the movie was written and directed by miranda july who also starred in the film as christine . i thought it was good , but not great . i loved the incorporation of the name of the movie into the theme of the story . i thought that was great . i enjoyed the well-written dialogue . it was certainly an interesting film , just not the most entertaining . some parts of the movie seemed to move too slowly , though i can appreciate that , to an extent , it was done on purpose ( see also : artistically ) . the movie received some pretty harsh reviews from family and friends , but i am happy i still took the time to see it . i had hoped to catch it in the theater , but was glad to finally see it once and for all on dvd .
i could n't think of a better title for my review , listen to the the song and i think you will agree . chris smither gets better with every cd that he makes . he has a sound of his own and sees and hears life through a very unique perspective . there is not a cut on this cd that i do n't like . try it you want be disapointed
i purchased several swing collections previously and they all had poor quality audio - they had not been cleaned up from the original recordings . this cd is much cleaner and makes for an enjoyable experience
i only began watching the amazing race a few years ago , in season six , i believe , so i never saw how the show got its start . this dvd gave me the chance to go back and look at where the amazing race began and how far the show has come in the last few years . the premise behind the amazing race is simple . race around the world and the first team to cross the finish line wins one million dollars . of course , with prize money like that , it wo n't be easy navigating your way around the world , but if you succeed , you get the cash . the race began ( and ended ) in new york city . teams traveled through south africa , china , india , thailand , france and numerous other places before returning to the united states for the completion of the race . along the way , eight teams of two were eliminated , leaving only three teams of two in the final leg . when the <NUM> teams of two left the starting line , they had no idea where they were going , or what they were doing . they got clues that led them to exotic destinations , places many of them had never been . it was fun to watch these americans try to get along in another country without speaking the language . there were some great challenges in the first version of the amazing race . contestants had to jump off a cliff in africa , navigate a crowded market in india , hike a steep portion of the great wall of china , drive a team of dogs in alaska , soar in a glider above italy and more . as the years have gone on , the challenges have remained difficult , but i believe that some of the ones in the first season were among the toughest . along the way , teams were met with road blocks , which were tasks that usually only one member of the team could complete , and detours , which gave teams the chance to make a choice on which way they wanted to proceed . often times choices made at detours could make up valuable time or put a team behind their competitors . teams also had the chance to use a fast forward . the first team to complete each fast forward , could skip all tasks on that leg of the race and go directly to the pit stop , which was located at the end of the leg . however , each team could only use one fast forward during the race and choosing when to use it was key . at the end of each leg , contestants would get a 12-hour break at the pit stop , where they could talk with other contestants and just relax and prepare for the next leg . the last team to check in at each leg was eliminated , with the exception of three legs that were non-elimination legs . in future editions , teams were penalized for coming in last at a non-elimination leg , but in the inaugural season , there were no such penalties . as the seasons have gone on , producers have tweaked the show to make it better . some of the things in the first season that were changed included the introduction . host phil keoghan would talk about what previously happened on the show and at the end , say 'who will be eliminated tonight . ' however , if you listen to that intro , you can tell when nobody 's going to be eliminated because he does n't use those words but others . now , on the intro , he says 'who will be eliminated next , ' which is much better . also , phil would only greet the last team , which always was a tip-off to the last place finishers that they were indeed , last . now , phil greets every team and that makes it more dramatic for the teams . the teams in the first season were also much like the teams in every season i 've watched . you have the requisite gay couple ( joe and bill aka team guido ) , the spunky grandparents ( dave and margaretta ) , the parent-child team ( nancy and the very cute emily ) , the macho guy teams ( drew and kevin , rob and brennan ) , the underdog two women teams ( pat and brenda , kim and leslie ) and a few young couples using the race as a gauge of their relationship ( paul and amie , matt and ana , lenny and karen , frank and margarita ) . this formula has been used on most of the editions i have watched , though , i am not arguing with it . it seems to work . team guido was the team everybody loved to hate , thanks to their cockiness and sneakiness . it was tough to watch frank and margarita racing to the finish line , thinking they were first , when in reality , that was not the case . my favorite two teams were frat brothers drew and kevin and nancy and emily . drew and kevin were just a riot . they made me laugh at every turn , yelling at each other , but always managing to stay in the race until almost the end . nancy and emily made it farther than anyone expected them to , which is always nice to see . they fought through some difficult times , particularly in india , but came through stronger as a team . plus , emily was pretty darned cute . as far as extras go , this set has a lot , but the way they are set up is different . you can watch the episodes with a choice to go look at unaired footage , but you ca n't see the footage any other place . it would have been nice to package that another way , but it is still nice that it is included . there are four episodes of commentary , two from rob and brennan and team guido and two from lenny and karen and drew and kevin . there is also a look back at the first season with the aforementioned teams , keoghan and the executive producers . there is a look inside the making of the first season and how difficult the logistics were . it is interesting to hear the producers talk about how they were often on the same plane as the contestants and barely steps ahead of them for much of the way . all told , this is a solid release of the very first season . it would be nice to see more seasons released . season seven has also been released , but i would love to see seasons two through six as well
so we are at last getting the classic show `` ed , edd , 'n ' eddy '' on full season sets . it is about time . i suggest you shoud start with this and then get the other seasons when they come out . everyone shoud try this show , for it is the true definition of cartoon comedy
i was at the '71 tony awards , broadcast in march of <NUM> , and i thought the marvelous night would have to live on in my memory . and , then , lo and behold ... we get this marvelous record of theater history . many of the performances were from the '71 broadcast .. zero mostel , john raitt , robert preston , carol channing , which was the silver anniversary of the tony 's , full of legendary performances from the history of the musical theater . i 'm so looking forward to the other dvd 's of performances that were not included . if you want to see the legends of broadway perform their signature songs , then this is the tape for you
with every new pink panther movie , peter sellers ' performance continues to grow and mature . i 've seen this move at least 7-8 times so far . it 's definitely a classic . lots of good laughs . my other favorites : matrix series ( christian mysticism & symbolism ) v for vendetta ( ) harry potter series underworld ( war between the vampires and lycan ) ( mythology , symbolism , `` collective unconsciousness '' as per carl jung 's work ) p.s . peter sellers as insp clouseau is quintessential virgo
forget about the pop music of loggins and messina . this album is different . this happens to be the best jazz/country fusion album ever done . there 's great musicianship here . there 's excellent instrumental solos that can take up half of the track as in `` move on '' . this is superb music that never made it to the radio . these tracks are simply too long to have gotten air play back in the 1970s . l & m put together a truly great album with mother lode but not too many people have heard it . sadly , they broke up shortly after this album was released . afterwards , kenny made a come-back by going strictly pop .
i 'd first heard of lupe fiasco on a track off of kanye west 's album `` late registration '' called `` touch the sky '' i said to myself man this guys good . as <NUM> rolls around i kept hearing his first single `` kick , push '' on the radio i knew i had to get this cd when it came out . when i opened it and first played it in my truck oh man it was like opening your first present on christmas day . i could n't stop playing it from `` real '' to `` the emporer 's soundtrack '' and the track that makes you think of the special girl in your life `` daydreamin '' featuring jill scott , this is album you should defiantly add to your collection .
one word of caution to people about this book . there are many abridged versions out there so be careful to find one that is not . i originally picked up one at a used book sale , got it home and was astonished to find that it had only 400pp . i thought this was odd , so i searched about on the internet and realized that others were over 1000pp . long . needless to say , i went out and found an unabridged version to read . thankfully i realized my mistake early on . as far as the story itself goes , i was pleased with my first experience with dickens . i like a good 19th century novel filled with the ornate language and customs of the day . i very much liked dicken 's overtly satirical and even subtly derisive way of writing about issues like courts and aristocracy . even after almost <NUM> years , his views still ring true . i look forward to reading more of his books .
when reading books about chemistry or physics , the level of depth is usually to the electron , proton , neutron , and there is usually some mention of quarks and antimatter and dark matter , but with no explanation of where these ideas are coming from . this book gives a good , nonmathematical description of the standard theory ( model ) of particle physics , which gives a good account of what particles are known , how forces are treated using particles called bosons . the books will answer any questions about what is known , but without proofs . i plan to study physics as an undergrad , and probably grad too , and have always been attracted to learning about the fundamental particles . this book was very satisfying for me , and will be for other interested students . kane provides information about not only the standard theory , but also the facilities where research is done , where the field is going , and what a future student can expect . a quick read and definitely worth the time
this is one of my favorite records . by far the best blur record if you 're trying to decide which one to get
i always thought i was good at communication until i read this book ( text book really ) . i was particularly impressed by the examples of emails that on the surface look fine until the writer points out the loop holes . despite its title this book comes in hand for many situations well outside business . i have also used my newly acquired skills in academic , political and philanthropic forums and received very positive feedback from colleagues who noticed a change . buy this book
the movie the players club is a cool movie because it tell the story of a girl trying to make her dream come true even though she hates working at the strip club `` the players club '' she does it anyway i rate this movie <NUM> stars because it shows a girl that want to make her dream of becoming a newsreporter come true and this movie should have a second part to it
one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . loved it
like many colombians , i 've known about carlos vives from his days of clasicos de la provincia in <NUM> . vives takes provincial music from colombia ( vallenato and cumbia , among numerous others ) and infuses them with a spirituality and depth that makes the music all the more worthy . el amore de mi tierra is no different . vives pulls from various fountains of colombian music and turns them into flowing , rhythmic world music that is accessable to all peoples . the collection here is very good . while & quot ; fruta fresca & quot ; is the track that most people are familiar with , & quot ; la piragua & quot ; is definately the best track on the album . an update of a classic colombian cumbia song , vives 's take on & quot ; la piragua & quot ; turns the song into a lush fable full of earthy melodies and a spirit of the amazon without forskaing the song 's musical roots . for those who are new to carlos vives , this album is a great place to start
by far the best dieselboy cd yet . the selection is really nice and the mixing is transparent . if you like your music dark * and * jazzy , this is a perfect buy
very , very interesting . i found this book by way of another pet communicator who , after doing a reading on my pets , recommended this book . i ca n't say i learned how to communicate telepathically with my pets , but ... hmmm ... what penelope smith says makes sense : quiet mind is the first step for so many other things , from good health to artistic creation to , yes , it certainly seems possible , telepathically communicating with animals . the trouble is , sorting out the junk from genuine communication . so , in all , so far , i have n't gotten all that much from this book . but i 'm very glad penelope smith wrote it . i know i will come back and re-read it
borrowed one from library , love it , so does my son
as with all the other hd imax titles , `` speed '' is a fun ride . the wmv high definition quality is excellent , the story is engaging , and the production quality is top notch
recently my husband , daughter and i went to nyc to see the broadway version of the poto . the show was outstanding and a pleasure to see on stage , but i have read many reviews that criticize this newest film adaptation . i strongly disagree ! this special addition dvd delighted my entire family . i am very impressed with this movie version and highly reccommend it . its depiction of the poto story is evocatively romantic and the music is a `` perfect '' score . the special additions reveal just what lengths andrew lloyd webber , director joel schumacher and their collaborators went through to finally achieve this production . it also contains the evolution of the poto stage show as well as the movie . gerard butler is the ultimate phantom and i was enchanted with his singing . if you love captivating music and romantic movies - buy this dvd
i have been an ac/dc fan for more than <NUM> years now . i have all the albums . and looking back , it seems like this was the last solid one they made . this one is not nearly as good as back in black , or even highway to hell . no , at this point the band was not working as hard to crank out good material . i 'm thinking that is why producer mutt lange bowed out after this record . he did the previous <NUM> records , and every song on those was great . here , `` snowballed , '' `` inject the venom , '' and others are clearly filler material . that is too bad , too , because brian johnson still had a voice on this record . if you have heard him sing anytime since <NUM> he sounds hoarse . if you want to hear the young brothers at their best , get powerage , highway to hell , and back in black . every ac/dc record since then falls short of those .
all the recording quality complaints from others are true . this cd plays ok with $ <NUM> boombox , but not on a serious hi-fi . but the music is really better than i thought . i was thinking french guys are good at love songs , which is absolutely true , but their marching music is even better than the german ones i just got ( from the same company called legacy international ) . how bad is the recording ? it seems like the music was played from lp , taped in a dark room , stored for <NUM> years , and then dumped on cd ... how good is the music ? i still rate it <NUM> star even for the <NUM> stat recording
this is an excellent book for actually trying to understand this difficult subject . firstly its not bogged down with obsolete american units , though it does cover enough examples for anyone who really wants to go that way . secondly there is a wealth of tables and properties in the index , which alone makes this book worth the money as a reference tool , ( and all in simple si units ) .third , there seems to have been a determined effort at getting the message across . the one shortcoming i have found is the lack of a list of symbols/abbreviations used throughout the book ( hence the lack of the fifth star rating ) , though they thankfully are pretty standard . my tip - if you read this very worthwhile book , jot down the symbols as they crop up then you wo n't waste any time having to track them down again . these comments do not apply to the identical version that comes with a software supplement ( i tried it but couldnt be bothered to get up to speed with the mathcad its written with )
first caught these three on `` live from the bluebird cafe `` .when i bought the cd and listented to it for the first time i thought , umm , kind of bland .after listening a few more times , all i can say is excellent ! ! ! excellent lyrics ! ! excellent melodies ! ! excellent harmonies ! ! i hope these three pair up again ! once more for the record excellent ! ! ! ken shelto
this is a good workout and you do work up a sweat even though this is n't really cardio ( i do this with <NUM> pound weights ) . there is minimal jumping- only when switching directly from a left-leg lung to a right-leg lung so this would also be suited to people who want an effective workout but are uninterested in high-impact exercise . i really like a lot of the exercises- particularly the 'bow and arrow ' . she has great exercises that you do feel quite quickly and there are n't loads of repetitions so this also keeps it intersting . most of the time i do n't specifically feel the exercises in my butt though . that is , i think this is more of a general workout , and not so much 'brand new butt'- the day after doing this i 'm not particularly sore anywhere , but overall tired . janis saffel has 'cute california charm'- some people like this , some do n't . some things i do n't like about this workout are a ) the music includes elevator music of familiar songs- such as red hot chili peppers and stevie wonder ; b ) she shifts her angle a good bit and does several exercises in quick succession at times ( warm up , etc. ) . i find the and speed increases the risk of having poor alignment so i focus on keeping feet facing forward so the exercise is properly done- not rushed and poorly aligned . i 'm sure if you 're familiar with these exercises this is not a problem ; c ) some floor stretches and ab work take the place of a cool down section . overall though , this is a good workout and one you can build on easily by increasing weights in your hands and adding weights on your ankles and waist
this book , of many that i have read , deals most concretely and clearly with the major texts of judaism . i consider it a must-read for all who are interested in learning more about the often obscure texts and their authors
latifah had all the qualities of a great female mc ( flow , beats and them juggs ) . my personal favorite joint from her . top tracks : the pros king and queen creation come to me ladies first latifah 's law inside ou
i bought and read this book many years ago and found it very helpful . i read it again a few weeks ago and was again able to appreciate it 's value . aside from the dated research , and some of the debate regarding the use of anti-depressants , it remains as fresh and powerful and relevant today as it was when it was published . it is definitely a giant step in taking the mystery out of depression and i would recommend it to anyone who wishes to learn more about the nature and treatment of this illness
no importa lo que haga , no importa lo que cante , el es el mejor . yo no tengo que escuchar un disco de el para comprarlo , el solo hecho de que sea el es suficiente para mi . me gusto el disco y me encanto su nuevo look
althought written in <NUM> , this book covers many subjects related to aeronautical knowledge which are still in use today . high speed aerodynamics & aircraft performance are also covered . you dont have to be a naval aviatior for this book .
i got a good laugh out of the sticker on the corner of `` everything is alive ... '' that read something like `` for fans of opeth , unearth , and ashlee simpson '' . a band on solid state records that sounds like a mediocre pop `` star '' ? yeah right ; this band definitely has sense of humor . when i first played the cd , i listened to the first track all the way through . i absolutely hated it . i then skipped through all the other tracks and listened to about <NUM> seconds of each . more of the same . i could n't believe that i had wasted my money on this pile of slow-paced loud noisy garbage . the guitar feedback grated on my eardrums , and i ended up with a massive headache . needless to say , i took a break from the chariot for a while . a few weeks later , however , the song `` die interviwer '' popped up on my mp3 player 's random shuffle , so i listened to the whole song . i could actually tolerate it . soon , i started listening to more and more songs from the album , and i was amazed by the realness of the sound , and the incredible brutality of it all : the ripping guitars , the pounding drums , and the lead singer , who roars like a man possessed . i listened to the album all the way through , and i was hooked . the chariot is a truly incredible band , and is nothing like i 've ever heard before . they draw a listener in more than norma jean ever will . they are just as amazingly brutal in concert , also . however , a word of warning : you can not just start listening to this band . a love of metal is required , and you have to be open to new styles . i would recommend listening to bands such as becoming the archetype before picking this album up . but it is well worth it ; listening to the chariot is a breathtaking experience
the first time i saw this movie was at a friends home . had to find it because it was that great . history is explained so well . l looked in stores , but it was not available . i went to amazon and to my surprise located it . love the movie , the price , and the fast shipment . would highly recommend this film to everyone
if not for `` the blue album '' i would have probably never became a fan of the beatles . back in the day-day they had virtually no influence on me whatsoever . i knew many a song from the old days of beatle-mania , i wan na hold your hand type of stuff . i was n't terribly impressed . than one day i was introduced to sgt . pepper and abbey road thru a friend , and i realized that there actually was a reason why the beatles are so legendary . in my book the years 1967-1970 are the better beatle years . more experimental , less poppish , and more .... waaaaaaaavy maaaaaan . more rockin ' to say the least . the red and blue albums are perfect starter packs for the beatles . someone managed to pick just the right songs to put on both collections . ( red is for the beatle-maniacs , and blue is for the acid eating beatle-maniacs ) both were mixed just right . sure you do n't get everything , but there is far too much to ask for . you get the full versions of the stuff that you are bound to know , and if not will take to quickly and both sets are quality hits packages . i remember when i was around <NUM> and decided i was gon na get myself a beatles record . i was n't sure exactly what i wanted at first .. but one look at the track list on here , and i knew i wanted this one . i chose correctly . the best beatles hits pack available .
omg when i heard he was comin got with an album after the whole b2k break-up , i was surprised as hell ! . i brought it and love every single song except for `` never gon na let you go '' i dont like that song really . i love the album coming from a true b2k fan i thought it was gon na be like the same ol ' b2k stuff but with <NUM> person but i was really surprised . he really matured on this album and i love it . love you o
i saw them open for kiss in <NUM> and they blew me away . but for some reason i never bought any albums . i never heard them on the radio . i always thought they were another skynrd type band but they are not ! they are just kick butt rock and roll ! i love it ! i love the live versions so much i wan na get the live album now . reminds me of saxon or ufo live . awesome . i 'm sorry i did n't listen to them before . train train , wishing well , queenie and the kickin ' good morning are just killers ! if you think they are just some southern band think again . highly recommended for any hard blues rock fan . buy blackfoot
what can you say . this film really enthused a new generation of b-movie filmmakers . it 's part of my generation and means as much to me as citizen cane meant to you know ..... old people
this is a very informative book that clears up lots of misconceptions . it explains why the & quot ; wellfare state & quot ; is still around , even after so many death notices . the analysis shows that there is no net negative cost for comprehensive and universal social programs , and that there are often significant benefits . for those who can read this book without ideological and political blinders , there is much to learn from peter lindert 's book
this is one of the best books i have ever read . the information is presented in an easy to understand formate . it was infromative yet easy to read . i would recomend this book to anyone that would liketo learn more about bass
pavement 's last album ( or arguably malkmus ' first solo record ) sees them embrace a fuller , more streamlined sound that surprisingly ( since their initial charm was their roughness ) works in their advantage giving malkmus ' songwriting a more refined tone and enhancing the band 's challenging musical detours . it 's no `` crooked rain , crooked rain '' but `` terror twilight '' ends the group 's run in an undeniable high ( carrot rope , spit on a stranger and cream of gold are already among their classics ) and it also gave very positive clues of what stephen malkmus ' solo career would sound like .
the book is not intended for students of akkadian as there is no cuneiform or transcripted akkadian . everything is in translation . the book centers around the enuma elish ( the biggest creation account ) , but has many other smaller creation legends . there is a synopsis of the elish as well as various theories about its dating , composition , etc . there is also a lengthy ( <NUM> page ) article showing parallels to the old testament creation account . the author does a good job of being objective , but leans toward showing the uniqueness of the genesis account and contrasts it quite a bit against the remaining semitic literature
a lyrical and beautifully written narrative of the struggle between the local railroad workers ' union and their french overseers during a strike against the dakar-niger railroad . set in <NUM> this novel describes a timeless environment which has gone unchanged in post-colonial west africa . given the hightened awareness of the plight of africans today this novel gives a great insight into the history and background of their deprivation and poverty
for those seeking a captivating <NUM> minute escape from reality into a beautifully filmed , flawlessly written , directed & acted world of fantasy this is the must see movie for you . the character 's ryan ( ryan kelly ) , melanie ( hayden panettiere ) , and grandpa ( armin mueller-stahl ) will collectively take you on a memorable journey you 'll want to take over and over . the `` special feature '' music video ( someone like you ) of hayden is worth the purchase price in itself . pop a bag of popcorn , and invite the whole family over for this one , .. they will be thanking you afterward .
those of us in the change and transition business are vocal , loud and some would say , obnoxious advocates for recognizing the human side and impact of change . too often our words fall on deaf ears ... with & quot ; true partnerships & quot ; we finally have a text that deals with new principles for relating to others during , before and after change . we finally have a text that deals with the potential destructiveness of autonomy , power , scarcity mentality and victimhood . instead this book awakens a call to action for relationships that produce extraordinary results by shifting our philosophy to one of connection , communication , expansion and creator/observer . it is powerful , beyond words and is guaranteed to cause you to examine your own approach of & quot ; drift & quot ; versus & quot ; true partnership. & quot ; it can shake you up and transform your relationships at work , at home and everywhere inbetween . read it and begin relating differently today
i think that it is good to read widely and get divergent perspectives . thus , christians and jews should read the quran and muslims should read the torah and the new testament . conservatives should read the nation or the new republic and visit the dailykos website and liberals should read the weekly standard or national review and visit realclearpolitics . the same perspective applies with breyer 's book . regardless of your perspective , you should read this brief and easily understandable statement of judicial philosophy from a sitting supreme court justice . ( and , it would also be good to read the earlier counterpoint from justice scalia for the same reasons . ) breyer 's book is a slightly revised and edited version of lectures he 's delivered over the past few years . it is therefore a mix of the spoken and written word which has advantages and disadvantages . there 's an easy informality conveyed from the `` spoken '' parts of the text that make the book almost conversational . at the same time , there is the disorganization and carelessness that results from spoken delivery . thus , sometimes the text is clear and orderly , the way written text often is , and other times it is a bit confusing and meandering the way text from speech often is . if you want to study the book like a student , this style can get in your way and it also opens the book to criticism that may be correct , but unfair for the format ( the mixed combination of written and spoken delivery ) . breyer narrates his perspective on judging with a fairly simple description of his approach and then several examples to expand , elaborate , and demonstrate this perspective . he argues that this perspective ( `` active liberty '' ) is useful in understanding constitutional law and that it should be employed widely by other judges . he also directly compares his method to the `` literalist '' approach outlined by justice scalia . while most of the narrative is written at a level the common reader can grasp , the details of breyer 's perspective and the examples he provides appear to me to require a deeper knowledge of constitutional law for true appreciation . i would strongly recommend that anyone with any remote interest in our constitution and the supreme court should read this book ( and the counterpoint from scalia ) . it is brief , readable , straightforward , and highly accessible to the common reader . on a more negatively critical note of the perspective breyer describes , i have to express my surprise at the inherent danger in the approach . breyer recommends that judges try to understand the purpose and consequence of the law in question and use an interpretation of purpose and consequence that relies upon the `` active liberty '' conceptualization . ( briefly , active liberty describes the actions of good citizenship . breyer believes that the constitution is designed in part to encourage people to be good democratic citizens and that it is good to interpret law from this view . ) breyer takes the notion of active liberty from a prior source , benjamin constant and his essay , `` the liberty of ancients compared with that of moderns , '' ( available for free online if you do a search ) . thus , breyer is clearly and directly arguing that judges should go beyond the text of the law ( and all the information in the controversy ) and use an active meaning-making process to figure out what 's really going on . the most obvious danger to this approach is the variation in meaning-making of different people . would a liberal-minded person really want a judge like jesse helms to use his personal meaning-making process ; likewise would a conservative want a judge like ted kennedy to use his personal meaning-making process ? breyer seems to dismiss the obvious psychological variation that has to exist in different judges and assumes that each one can somehow correctly divine the true meaning of `` active liberty '' and then properly apply it in interpreting law . the dangers and risk to this assumption seem transparent to me but not to justice breyer . maybe they teach that at harvard law and , alas , i 've only visited that beautiful campus . my background as a graduate professor in persuasion and attitudes , an observer of myself and others , and my religious beliefs would strongly argue that people always want to justify themselves , their beliefs , and their actions . justice breyer 's argument that people can overcome their psychology with his approach is not foolish or careless or impertinent ; it is to my education , training , and experience , wrong . perhaps the best evidence of this is to first read breyer 's take on the meaning of `` active liberty '' as he perceives it from constant 's essay and then second read constant 's essay for yourself and see how you understand what constant meant about `` active liberty . '' my problem is that i 've read constant 's essay and justice breyer 's take on `` active liberty '' swerves more than just a little bit from what constant writes . in particular note in your reading of constant 's brief essay these statements : `` it follows from what i have just indicated that we can no longer enjoy the liberty of the ancients , which consisted in an active and constant participation in collective power . our freedom must consist of peaceful enjoyment and private independence . '' `` similarly , the people who , in order to enjoy the liberty which suits them , resort to the representative system , must exercise an active and constant surveillance over their representatives , and reserve for themselves , at times which should not be separated by too lengthy intervals , the right to discard them if they betray their trust , and to revoke the powers which they might have abused . '' `` the danger of modern liberty is that , absorbed in the enjoyment of our private independence , and in the pursuit of our particular interests , we should surrender our right to share in political power too easily . . . . let us ask the authorities to keep within their limits . '' justice breyer could have easily avoided this line of criticism by simply saying he wants to take an old concept , active liberty , and give it new meaning . he could acknowledge constant and then develop `` active liberty '' to mean what he wants it to mean . he would thus avoids any complaints about inconsistent reading of an old text and any potential finger-pointing about intellectual theft . but , he did n't do that because he thinks his interpretation of constant 's essay is correct . he knows how to correctly make meaning . and he does that when he judges constitutional law , too .
lucky thompson was a strange one - a fighter , a questioner , a perfectionist , a complainer , a self-proclaimed victim of musical exploitation by what he called `` vultures '' - who dropped from the scene sometime in the mid-late 70s , gave his horns away to pay off debts , and never had anything to do with music again . he died a homeless recluse in seattle in july <NUM> . oh yeah , he was also one of the greatest tenor saxophonists ever to play jazz . this <NUM> quartet date finds lucky in the company of a very supportive rhythm section . the lyrical and fleet hank jones on piano is a handsome foil for the equally fleet and lyrical thompson . on half the tunes lucky plays soprano ; mid-nite oil and prey loot , both lucky compositions , are good soprano tracks . lucky 's writing has always been attractive . on tenor , fly with the wind and reminiscent , again tunes written by thompson , are the highlights . connie kay 's drumming , so light and tasty , is a treat throughout the proceedings . this album is definitely worth checking out
this is simply the perfect movie/series for anyone who is interested in polar exploration . it 's beautifully filmed , interesting throughout , and really makes you feel you are there . true , scott is , on the whole , shown in a less than favorable light , but given many of the decisions he made , it would be hard for that not to be the case . to the film 's credit it goes to great lengths to give the context/history behind the mindset that led to those poor decisions . likewise with amundsen , you see his greatness mixed with his flaws . i would n't change a thing about the movie itself . as to the quality of the film transfer and the sound , it seemed perfectly fine to me - though i 'm hardly an expert on such things . as for the packaging , i admit i was a little disappointed there was absolutely no booklet of any kind , nor are there any `` extras '' on the discs themselves . you strictly get the <NUM> episodes on <NUM> discs in a double-wide hard case . but given that exploration is rarely the subject of any movie , let alone one of this length , i consider this set a real find , worth every penny , and i will treasure it . one side note : the dvd case says `` featuring hugh grant & max vonsydow '' , but a very young hugh grant has just a tiny little part in this <NUM> film , so do n't buy this hoping to see him or you 'll be disappointed !
wowsers . this book is chock full of information -- cultural , biological , historical , literary -- pertaining to the human body . sims has done a masterful job of research ; this book springs to life with allegories , allusions and myths , each connected to a particular part of the body . though not as humorous as mary roach 's marvelous paean to the cadaver , _stiff_ , this book proves to be just as interesting . if your interest is piqued by the body human , you must read this book . sims goes much further than what you would find on nova -- for instance , he addresses the purpose of eyebrows and why bram stoker 's dracula presents the true embodiment of evil . you 'll sail through this book ; although it can be a bit viscous , with perseverance , the reader will learn myriad factoids . it is well written , thoroughly researched and will refocus the reader on the miracle that is the human form
everyone knows the expression , `` ponzi scheme '' , but i doubt many knew the derivation . mr. zuckoff lays out its derivation in this terrifically readable book . the real mr. ponzi immigrated from italy , moved around , being arrested in montreal and mississppi , before settling down in boston where he started a `` rob peter to pay paul '' scheme which now uses his name . ponzi offered <NUM> % return on investment in a mere <NUM> days in <NUM> . mr. zuckoff points out how the american psyche was so ripe at the time for such get rich schemes . ponzi took advantage of that mindset and in a brief period - just a matter of months - compiled a fortune . it is truly unclear from the letters , quotes and litany of acts by ponzi whether he ever believed he could repay all his investors or was knowingly just trying stay ahead - one step before the law and one step in front of running out of money to pay investors . certainly he could have fled back to italy at any time before getting caught , but he never did . until the authorities caught up with him he was able to continue paying his high ball interest . mr. zuckoff 's portrayal of the con artist shows him to be so charismatic and colorful that the reader gets swept up into him just as his many boston supporters did during the ponzi-mania . you almost have to root for the little guy . mr. zuckoff also portrays the antagonists - whoops - the journalists and authorities that catch up to ponzi very well . the editor of the boston post is another rags to riches hero of the book . although this is , for the most part , the history of ponzi and scheme , the author paints a complete picture of the times in which he was able to perpetrate his scheme/crime . this is what makes this book a more comprehensive history than just the telling of the scheme and how it was uncovered . to make the book even more entertaining , it is written almost like a novel , with each page revealing a bit more of the story . this very readable book is highly recommended .
first off i agree with the warning to not watch the trailer first because it does give away the first set up in the movie . when denise richards sees matt dillion and his student having a water fight os such and says something like , `` is this just a game for the boys , or can anyone play ? '' she looks so sweet and hot that it 's hard to imagine her getting rough and tough just a while later . however she pulls ift off pretty well . in fact they all pulle their rolls off pretty well . i could n't understand why kevin bacon seemed a bit stiffer than usual , but that was actually pretty good acting .... i ca n't really say much more about why without giving too much of a hint at one of the twists , but it 's interesting when you step back and see what he was actually doing . i give it <NUM> stars because it 's both fun and funny , and of course very hot at times . well worth a look ...
i enjoy watching this movie , jim carey to me is a great comedy actor , very humorous and funny at times and very much watchable and great to add to your collection ...
this is no hollywood baseball movie . this is the real deal . exquisite colors and poetic comments from those who played baseball the way it should be played- as a game
not only does kathy casey 's northwest table have delightfully delicious recipes it is a great read . the photos are amazing and remind me how grateful i am to live here in the northwest . i look forward to using each recipe . the articles along with the recipes give me further insight on the food i am preparing , helping me to better understand food and to be a more educated chef ! she has a unique artistic talent that should be shared with all !
well researched and documented writing that takes the phony & quot ; mask & quot ; off many of our elected and non elected leaders . there is a truth that is hidden behind the major news events of our era but it requires searching for . this book simply makes sense out of the murders of the kennedys and mlk- motive/ who 's who , and the those with the power to cover up the killings
what can you say - this is a perfect song . there is not a flawed moment in it . i , too heard this on the before sunset trailer and was mesmerized by its beauty . makes me swoon . love it
it is a long as same as excellent ! ! ! if you like an action this one is for you ! ! !
i have listened to kurt bestor for several years . his music is soulful , peaceful and absolute magic ! he is by far my favorite & quot ; new age & quot ; artist . my favorite track , what child is this ... hauntingly beautiful
i initially saw this played on the now defunct trio satellite channel . at the time , i owned a once played copy of doolittle . after hearing all of the commentary on the importance of the pixies to modern music , seeing the powerful ( yet physically still ) nature of their live performance , and seeing some of the music videos for the first time , i was convinced that doolittle was worth a genuine try . yes , the brits in `` gouge '' do some kissing-up , but you can tell ( they 're not actors , after all ) , that it is truly sincere . bowie and bono , while neither one is half the artist of b.f. , do seem especially informed and heart-felt in their analysis and praise . how humbling it must be to have so many renowned artists and journalists praise your work ! this is a good primer for further study of the band - it was for me . i 'm in a cover band ( as david bowie says in the dvd - everyone who 's heard pixies , forms a band ) , since i feel a strong urge to try to cover pixies ' music . the other members did n't know of their work , so i am going to use this dvd as a seminar on the pixies ' work . i watch it regularly , for personal inspiration - i ca n't get enough . thom yorke ( of radiohead ) says that you must be `` that good for a start '' - we are going to give it a shot . i was in high school when the more favored <NUM> cds were published , but alas , was never exposed . a year and a half later , i am so glad that i saw , and now own this dvd - most importantly i `` discovered '' the greatness of pixies . i even went to see them at a small local venue in june <NUM> ( got kim 's autograph ! ) . i will be buying the `` sellout '' dvd , when released in oct2005 . i feel that this is a very satisfying dvd , and a deal ( no pun intended ) for the price of & lt ; $ <NUM> - a quarter what i paid for my wife and i to see them live . by the way , to the author of one of these commentaries - the name of the album is surfer rosa , not sister rosa - you seem like you know what you 're talking about , bone machine head ! long live the pixies ! !
what a great book ! for everyone , but especially the country people . if you 're a country fan you 're in for a treat ! it makes you remember just how blessed you after reading the experiences of these people . it 's & quot ; touched by an angel & quot ; country style . plus the cd is a real bonus
my eyes glazed over on the chapter with the math but i was still able to get a decent overall review of the key issues .. he has his own favorite theory but acknowledges opposing ones .. i respect that . i feel more ready to tackle other books on the subject , as a resul
this is an excellent book ! i used it in one of my classes in college . it really gives insight into daily details of the lives of the etruscans , which also helps you to understand the romans better . very well written , by good scholars
the godfather set the american mafia movie genera . a good plot line with a tight scrip , superb direction and well acted . there are many murders , after all this is about gangsters but why it 's rated `` r '' is beyond me . it 's way less gruesome with less disturbing violence than casino and many modern ma films are much more violent . the power plays , honour and business scheming between the mafia families give the framework of the film with personal trial and tribulations providing more depth for the character development that echo throughout the genera ever since and make the godfather repeatedly watchable . i wanted a copy for a present and after spending months looking for a copy in the retail shops without success , i found this widescreen version at a great price on amazon within seconds and , i ended up keeping it .
i have to agree with michael la vean 's review in many ways . la vean 's review mentions that the film must have had an unlimited budget . i had this same thought throughout the entire film . you will be in heaven for <NUM> hours if you love extremely detailed period design & costumes ( here most , possibly all - i ca n't remember - were filmed in the historically correct chateaux & palaces ) . if you adore fabulous 18th & early 19th century french interiors , which i am sadly obsessed with , then you will absolutely be entranced . it was all executed so incredibly well down to every last detail . the acting in the film was magnificent . isabella rossellini was incredibly charming as the character of josephine . this was by far the best role that i 've ever seen her play . christian clavier was so charming i developed a bit of a crush on him by the end of the movie . john malkovich , was extremely convincing and played his role absolutely beautifully as well . i consider him to be one of the few ( if not the best ) great actors of this age . gerard depardieu played his role wonderfully . if you were to read a novel with a character similar to napoleon you would n't believe it to be possible for someone to have had such a productive life in the short amount of time spent on earth . a beautiful film that i will treasure for many years ! i hope that a & e will be able to continue be involved with equally beautiful films based on history ! !
this is an excellent guide for the person that is considering restoring a bungalow , not just a gardener . the pictures show many outside amenities including walkways , doors , fencing , lighting , and porches . great source for ideas and models
there are employees who we know are smart and they conflict in any number of ways with management or with others within the organization . this book helps hr managers help their business owners and corporation shapers get into the thick skulls of those special employees that are shining stars on the verge of becoming supernovas . corporations many times are charged with terminating an employee or facing the challenge of having an employee that is extremely talented terminate their employment , only to find out that this is basically unnecessary if they can successfully negotiate the behaviors of the employees so that it better serves the businesses ' need , not just the narcassist needs of the employee . yes , they work hard , but the company is in fact compensating them for that with the cars , cash and other perks they so successfully earn , and if they did n't perform , would n't earn those things . it 's time that business managers and their hr people take back their responsibility and partnership of helping build successful employee careers by sharing with them the challenges and insights they face in building their companies successfully . fortune <NUM> executives face these challenges , just as smaller companies do . get out of your own way at work helps these supernovas realize before they self-destruct their careers , someone elses or far worse , the business ' success , where they may be playing the part within this challenge , not just passing the buck and blame over to others , or taking advantage in ways that end up blowing up in their faces , making a mess of their futures or the company 's . i triped over this book as an hr manager searching for tools to help my business owner/manager successfully navigate a similar problem . it should be required reading for all entry level employees ( along with another favorite of mine `` the rules of work and the rules of management '' . because employees step out of the academic world usually and then enter the business world , there are no hard fast rules , even if you attended an executive business university to guide you in how to manage yourself in the environment , or were raised with the self-disclipine required to be successful in the business world . these tools of knowledge are like boot-camp for entering the business world . hr folks suffer in silence trying to help these people and because its really up to them to get the business procedures and policies of the company when told to them , this book helps communicate to them what they do n't get or what businesses usually do n't think they need to communicate during the hiring process because any other behavior is cause for disciplinary action . the behaviors described in this book suit all types of industries and organizations . dr. goulston explains it so brilliantly and seamlessly , it 's clear what our choices should be if we still exhibit the same behaviors after one is assigned to reading it because there is a chapter within the book about how the guilt of these descision effects us about the tough-love we should make if they do n't get it . for those rare few that your organization seeks to help and no end to the frustruation or how to communicate it to those that create it , this book is a treasure for growth and career development within the business environment , no matter what the employee 's behavior is . i believe that if applied the insights within this book can help prevent these behaviors from developing or derail if read early in one 's own career . even if hr people read it and share the knowledge with their owner/managers , it will tune us and our business owners and corporations shapers into how to recognize it early enough in an employee to help manage to getting rid of it . if you have anyone in your organzation that sounds like what i 've described here , do yourself a favor and get this book and make it required reading within your organzation
this album deserves to be ( at least ) as popular as led zeppelin 's first two albums or deep purple 's `` in rock '' and `` machinehead '' albums . simply great . and by the way , you should check out ten years after 's `` a space in time '' too . the high point of the album , which includes many fine tracks , is `` come together in the morning '' . and the original version of `` wishing well '' is so much more powerful than the better-known version by gary moore , which just does n't do the song justice . while many reviewers rave about paul kossoff 's guitar work , i think this album is a real showcase for paul rodgers , one of rock music 's greatest singers
this is a very readable text that distills the essential clinical information that you will need on your em rotation . it is well cross referenced and gives an excellent intro to the material . i would not use it as your only text as it does not have enough depth on its own . this text will suffice however if you have some background knowledge upon which to build on . overall a great tex
esteemed psychiatrist martin dysart ( ricard burton ) takes on a case nobody else wants to deal with . alan strang ( peter firth ) , an eighteen year old working at the local stables blinds four horses with a metal spike in an unpresidented night of unspeakable madness . as dr. dysart delves into the causes leading up to the event he soon realizes he is dealing with more than just a confused , emotionally unstable teenager . he has stumbled upon a shocking tale of intense spiritual devotion gone horribly wrong . as the ongoing therapy with alan reaches its climax dr. dysart finally comes face to face with the young mans ' inner passion and divine obsession . an encounter which challenges dysart to finally look into his own soul and confront his personal demons and loss of passion . as though peering into a mirror darkly it eventually becomes a case of `` physican heal thyself . '' truly one of the darkest , most penetrating journeys into a troubled mind you will ever view . peter shaffer 's masterful screenplay along with director sidney lumet performing at the top of his craft have brought to life a harrowing vision not soon to be forgotten .
once you start , you ca n't stop watching . i watched the usa network version of touching evil before i knew the bbc version ever existed . i enjoyed usa 's touching evil greatly . but the bbc version is phenomenal . i 'm hooked . <NUM> stars
the archetypal tale of finding contentment in ones own backyard is portrayed in this delightful film about a wandering local government official in bhutan . while `` on the road '' the official and his co-travelers , ( monk , fair maiden , fruit seller ) reflect on the lessons of the monks stories about suffering and clinging to false concepts of stability . the pace of this film is most likely slow for american audiences but the pace is integral to highlighting the conflicts within the government officials desire to find nirvana in materialism
when my wife left me , instead of telling me there was another guy , she was grasping at straws when she blurted out , `` you never listen to me . '' she did n't have the guts to tell me there was someone else , so i thought this was something i could fix . lost art was one of many books i bought in an effort to `` fix '' myself and save my marriage . of the books i purchased about listening , this book was the only one worth what i paid for it . there are some really terrible books out there on this subject . part two of my story ..... my father was a man of few words ...... especially over the phone . when i read lost art , i finally understood the `` dynamic '' between him and i . phone conversations which used to last a minute or two were now lasting thirty minutes . one conversation we had was about an hour long and at the end of it , he told me that he loved me ( which is a big deal in my family ) . a month later , my father went into intensive care . three months after that he passed away . i 'm so happy that we had those conversations because i do n't feel like we left anything unsaid between us . as for my marriage , it 's over . however , my soon to be ex and i get along very well . i wo n't say that we are good friends because that would be a lie . but i do beleive we are getting along a lot better than we would have if i had never read this book . i do n't believe she left me because of my lack of listening skills , but i do believe that we are getting along so well because of these new skills .
the music here is very well crafted.mccoy tyner still has that touch.al foster is tight on skins.stanley clarke just gets better with time.i have followed mccoy tyner 's music for a long long time.nobody ever sounds like they once did but you hope as the artist age that they get better with time & amp ; enhance their craft.mccoy tyner has been hit & amp ; miss at times but he brings back the juice on this set.the chemistry really works well here.you feel the soul & amp ; passion on the instrumentation of these great musicians
i have to admit , it took me awhile to actually enjoy relient k. i used to think their music was very generic and their lyrics were cheesy . but this album changed everything for me . matt thiessen is such a clever lyricist , using enough word plays to delight the wordsmith in me , but also making me think more deeply about my relationship with god and others . the band sticks to their standard pop-punk riffs on this album , though i believe they use smoother speed and instrumental transitions on this album . example : be my escape starts with screaming guitars and a fast beat , softens down to keyboards , vocals and light drumming during the verses , back up to rocking during the bridge and chorus , and slows right down for a touching finish . there are several other songs that vary in a like manner . lyrically , i really enjoyed be my escape ( but the beauty of grace is that it makes life not fair ) , which to bury , us or the hatchet ( i move you , but you just would n't budge , i tried to hold your hand but you 'd rather hold your grudge ) , when i go down ( when i go down , i 'll lift my eyes to you , but i wo n't look too far , 'cause you 'll be there with open arms , to lift me up again ... ) . what a beautiful way to end the album ! musically , many songs stand out - high of <NUM> is probably the most original song , starting with acoustic guitar , and including a drum loop in the chorus . other highlights include who i am hates who i 've been , and life after death & taxes , which combines great vocals with some cool screaming ! relient k has made a fan out of me , and if you buy this album , it will do the same for you
francis dollarhyde has to be one of the more disturbing and chilling villains in modern day literature and cinema . abused and damaged as a child to a point where only a series of rudimentary , barely functioning social masks takes the place of a whole man , dollarhyde hides the savage pathology of a serial killer who annihilates entire families to fuel his twisted desire and impossible longing . although `` manhunter '' is less true to thomas harris ' book `` red dragon , '' and the <NUM> film version with the same name , i found it to be a vastly superior film . despite its retro ` <NUM> 's fashion and the distinctive pastels and sun-drenched look of michael mann 's work during his miami vice television series days , you will find a film that cuts through the meat , slicing through the bone and exposing the marrow . tom noonan 's performance has to be one of the most haunting and pitiable on celluloid . noonan delivers the tortured , damaged and ultimately unsalvageable soul of francis dollarhyde in a way that even harris ' book did n't convey . he is a howling soul in hell -- a grotesque who is driven by his delusions . william peterson is will graham , a former fbi profiler , who retired after a near death encounter in apprehending the notorious and now incarcerated hannibal lector ( played by a wonderfully sinister and reptilian brian cox ) . when graham 's former handler , jack crawford ( dennis farina ) , asks him to help him profile the murderer , graham visits lector in his jail cell , to recover the mind-set necessary to track the killer . in doing so , graham incurs lector 's wrath and his collusion with the very killer graham is pursuing , bringing him far closer to the case than he anticipated . joan allen absolutely shines as reba mcclane , the blind girl who has the misfortune to be attracted to francis dollarhyde and who unwittingly serves as dollarhyde 's last connection to his vanishing humanity . early on in their relationship , dollarhyde takes reba to a veterinarian who is set to cap a sedated tiger 's tooth . watching reba 's facial expressions as she ran her hands along the tiger 's fur and listened to the beating of its heart , with tears streaming down her face , was almost painful . dollarhyde watches her from a corner in the room and seems to experience something akin to an emotional release from her experience . it is one of the strangest and most erotically charged scenes i 've ever seen in a film . when i first saw this film in its theatrical release , i remember thinking , `` thanks a lot , michael mann , you 've totally ruined iron butterfly 's inna gadda de vida for me . now i 'm never going to be able to hear this great song from my youth without feeling vaguely frightened . '' even so , the sound track for the film contains some of the most eerily beautiful music from ` <NUM> 's groups like red <NUM> , prime movers and shriekback , which mann has integrated flawlessly into the film . `` manhunter '' might annoy some viewers who remember only too well the big hair and bad fashion of the <NUM> 's . however , if you can manage to put these aside , i think you will find an often overlooked and intense gem of a thriller
well , somehow i picked up the rev 's first-ever christmas album even before the two brians ' <NUM> holiday discs ( the sainted wilson and the slick setzer , that is ) . as santa said of rudolph 's first jump at the reindeer games in that classic rankin-bass `` rudolph '' special , not bad ! not baaaad ! there are a lot of cool and interesting goodies in this christmas stocking , enough to please most of the whos at your local whoville . the disc has a chunk of chuck berry , and not just the album-closing `` run rudolph run '' ( with the rev , aka guitarist jim heath , trading instruments with his bassist , jimbo wallace ) . it actually starts with track <NUM> , the full-tilt boogie-woogie version of `` frosty the snowman . '' the credits do n't list the pianist , but `` winter wonderland '' also has a lot of that berry/johnnie johnson interplay , straight out of `` you never can tell . '' there 's also a bit of blazing berry/johnson boogie-woogie sharing space in the unlikeliest of places : alongside a mad-mod-surf `` batman '' swirl on `` santa claus is coming to town . '' other yummy flavors in the rev 's holiday petit fours assortment include a slap-bass rockabilly hoedown instrumental of `` jingle bells , '' a ray charles-type gospel-meets-country-ballad version of `` silver bells , '' a snarky , dirty , bottom-heavy , finger-popping rockabilly swing through `` rudolph , '' a hoedown of `` santa on the roof , '' and an instrumental of `` what child is this '' that tosses around country , surf , spaghetti western , even a little bit of traffic and hendrix . that 's to go along with faithful versions of elvis ' `` santa bring my baby back '' and buck owens ' `` santa looked a lot like daddy . '' the only soft spot is heath 's voice . the rev 's rasp is well suited for his patented rockaswingapunkabilly raveups , but certainly not smooth enough for the likes of `` silver bells '' and `` pretty paper , '' or even `` santa bring my baby back . '' but hey -- you know what ? this album is such a high-spirited affair , and the rev , jimbo and scott churilla , the drummer , have been such good boys this year , that santa can overlook that shortcoming . they should find a little something extra under their trees for spreading such cheer
the forensic files of batman is about an equal mix of good and bad . when the book is telling a story where batman uses forensic science it is amazing . when the book just spins its wheels about forensics it feels like moench has just been cutting and pasting out of a text book . the book is organized as different journals written by batman , a young bruce wayne , alfred and jim gordon . the batman stories are well written with a great balance of science and story . not only are these stories great , but the final story of the book is also one of the best batman stories ever told . the young bruce wayne stories are the most informative , but all they do is educate with no story . they are just lists or long winded passages about forensics . they also have a childish tone that matches bruce 's age , but not of the overall book . the alfred and gordon chapters are great . each of them allows the reader to watch batman work without being in his head and make very interesting additions . overall , when this book is doing what it should it is great . it allows batman to fight crime with just his brain and really shows that he has earned the title detective .
just when i thought tv networks had forgotten what funny was , here comes earl . this is absolutely the funniest new comedy on tv . this series , along with malcolm in the middle & everybody hates chris , are the <NUM> funniest series to come out in many , many years . you will not be able to stop laughing , honestly it is histarical ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this is a very enjoyable hip-hop album that was a breath of fresh air when it sppeared . although it lacks a super-duper classic tune , it is strong on <NUM> percent of the songs . the only problem for the artists who recorded the album is , it is so good , there is n't anything else to say at the end . how can pete rock and cl smooth do any better ? this is their 'invisible man ' so it did not shock me that they did not record much after the release of this gem . cl smooth appears to improvise at times on this album and does n't sound rehearsed ( much rap does ) . pete rock 's beats are superb . do n't waste your money on sex rap or crime rap ; get this one , and learn
this book is comprehensive and it has a lot of useful and practical substance . in addition , the writing is clear and easy to understand . in this book , the authors show that they really understand what business process/workflow modeling is about
the cookbook does the best it can considering the subject ! what foodie wants to give up food ? not that one is giving up food per se . maybe trying one recipe per week and gradually replacing high fat foods instead of going it cold turkey would work . there 's nothing wrong with the recipes i 've tried . i 'd just rather be eating foods i need to let go of
move over pierce brosnan and timothy dalton . daniel craig is the best bond in <NUM> years and has resurrected the franchise that was on life support . the first thing you notice about casino royale is that it is absent of all of the cheesy gimmickery of the old bond movies . the stunts and effects are believable . the acting is understated and real . the plot is fresh and new . daniel craig 's performance gives a hint of sean connery . but it 's not an imitation of connery . craig makes the role his own . this is a whole new bond . the cliche is that this movie is bond for the 21st century ( the terrorist angle ) , when it actually just brings bond back to his roots . he is cunning more than he is charming . ( unlike roger moore ) he is different , he is new , he reinvents what you think a secret agent in her majesty 's secret service should be . if you are looking for the trademark bond staples such as the martini ( shaken , not stirred ) - the easy women , the endless supply of aston martins etc ... this movie may disappoint . craig is rough around the edges but just smooth enough to make you believe that he deserves to be the newest `` double-oh '' . i suggest buying this dvd in 1080p blu-ray because of the spectacular cinematography , shot on location in prague . it wo n't disappoint . the best part about the movie , without giving too much away , is that the ending leaves you wanting more . is n't that the goal of any great series ? i give it <NUM> stars .
this is an inspirational cd as well as an indicator of mariah 's great talent . i enjoy hearing her voice proceed up and down the scale and i love the gospel flavor on some of her songs
one of the great period pieces that the brits do so well , this is the story of the british bomb disposal squads during world war two , done by john hawkesworth , the same guy who produced `` upstairs , downstairs . '' the story is told through a fictional bomb disposal squad commanded by a young engineering student turned lieutenant , brian ash . fascinating story and technical details when they stick to the actual bomb disposal material , but the personal stories are so much cliched fluff -- the main one is that ash falls in love with the daughter of a scientist working on the bomb disposal effort . they are temporarily blocked by the fact that she already has a husband who is also doing an important job -- he is one of the codebreakers at bletchley park working on the enigma secret . but not to worry -- hubby obligingly kills himself so the lovers can get together with a clear conscience . as the church lady would say `` how convenient ! '' also the one extra is nothing much , a documentary from the history channel , not on the british bomb disposal effort during the war , but just a general piece on bomb disposal in general . in conclusion , if you like realistic war stories , buy it , but use the fast forward whenever judy geeson says `` oh , brian !
the go-go years is the history of wall street during the tumultuous 1960s , which saw the djia only briefly above <NUM> . this book 's players include h. ross perot ( who , according to the author lost more than $ 650,000,000 when the market fell at the end of the decade ) , conglomateurs like ling-temco-vogt 's jimmy ling , gulf + western 's charles bluhdorn , and it & t 's harold geneen , and peter lynch 's predecessors at fidelity , ned johnston and gerry tsai . one interesting fact : in the latter part of the decade , the nasd closed early on wednesdays to give the back offices of the brokerage firms time to settle trades
i 've seen a few reviews here that say `` read it , but do n't go see it . '' most of the time , i would probably agree , because most people who do the play do n't get it ; they think it 's a straightforward comedy , and it is almost anything but . r & g is all about pace ; except for a couple of spots , if the pace is n't almost franticly precise , the end loses its entire effect . the beginning of the second act `` hmmm ? '' `` yes ? '' `` what ? '' `` i thought you ... '' `` no . '' `` ahh . '' takes a lot of work to get right ; someone missing a beat is almost as bad as someone walking through the invisible fourth wall . guildenstern has the first real line in the play : `` there 's an art to the building up of suspense . '' if you are n't on the edge of your seat when the penultimate scene begins , then the director and the actors have missed the boat . unfortunately , nothing mr stoppard has done since is quite as good . his plays are good , especially if you like the pinteresque types , but just not quite as good
under western eyes is not a light novel but a deep , refelctive study of the russian intellect and society . this book permitted me to understand what we westerner 's often cast of as the & quot ; russian personnality & quot ; and the complexity of the historical , social and psychological climate of russia and the russians shortly before the bolshevik revolution . this novel does not ressemble any ohter of conrad 's as it has a strange feeling or atmosphere to it that can barely be grasped . i read it when i was young and i was deeply affected by the people he describes and the locations . a must for anyone interested or related to the russian nation
there might be <NUM> clunkers on this disc but most of it is quite enjoyable . for power-pop fans that might enjoy christmas tunes . not necessarily for christmas fans that might enjoy power-pop . 4.5 stars
because she 's like adult contemporary and i 'm not supposed to like her because i 'm not part of her target demographic but damn this cd is great . it 's not surprising that the grammy 's picked this as album of the year . even the upbeat songs here are not bad for celine . it 's a crime most of these songs were never released because they are so good , in my opinion , even better than her massive titanic hit song . my favorites are falling into you , i love you and dreamin ' of you . i do n't own any other celine 's albums but i 'm glad i have this one
i recall first watching this movie with my ex-friend and i took a trip down the coast . i was n't really expecting much , pretty much just another slapstick , stupid comedy . but to be totally honest , this movie is really awesome ! `` hotshots , '' ought to have you rolling around the floor in some instances . but first , a look at the `` storyline . '' topper harley ( charlie sheen ) is the son of a famous air ace who died um ... tragically in an f-15 crash landing and a terrible mix-up regarding moose hunting season . he decides to follow in his father 's footsteps and become a flying wonder . this briefly sums up the main `` story , '' but there are many other smaller stories including that of pete 'dead meat ' thompson ( william o'leary ) and jim 'wash out ' pfaffenbach ( jon cryer ) who fights his own personal war against the terrible ailment of wall eye vision . that aside , topper harley must find out what really happened to his dad and help both his friends and himself to achieve their dreams , even if it goes to ridiculous proportions . you may think that this is a movie that merely takes the piss out of movies like `` top gun , '' `` full metal jacket , '' and `` kickboxer , '' but ... well , you 're right . but the satire is clever ( yet decidedly idiotic ) , and it certainly succeeds in making just about everything totally ridiculous . do n't expect realism , objectivenes and logic in this movie - that 's not the point of it . it 's there as a satire , and really is a classic satirical film of the <NUM> 's . the appeal of `` hotshots '' is the sheer stupidity and absurdity of many of the events that take place in the movie , and of course , if you 've watched the movies that are being ripped off , you 'll really laugh your head off . the best character has to be adm. thomas 'tug ' benson ( lloyd bridges ) . he performs the role of a supposedly `` hardened '' war-veteran and a man who has seen much conflict with great gusto . it just goes to show that some vets get more violent , others more angry , some sad - and benson just gets dumber . he 's even better in the sequel , which is surprisingly better than the original ( hence the reason why this only gets 4.5 stars . ) all in all , `` hotshots , '' is a moronic , silly , yet extremely funny and witty slapstick comedy . if you like monty python style humour or just love classic slapstick , this movie is undoubtedly for you . otherwise , if you like intelligent comedy , stay the hell away from `` hotshots . '' it 's not meant to be intelligent , so remember that . but at the end of it all , it 'll always be a classic slapstick , silly comedy ! buy it , rent it , steal it today
the third installment of our favorite wizard has him meeting a new defense of the dark arts teacher ... along with some rather scary gatekeepers as the magical world hunts for sirius black ... harry 's godfather who has escaped from the dreaded azkaban prison . meanwhile hermione discovers a way to time travel with a special locket and take more classes . it is definitley getting darker and darker ... but this third in a series sets the tone for harry 's destiny
i love the way rick steves looks at the world and his philosophy of travel . i have his paris and provence books , which are extremely useful and helpful . i wish he had one for greece
i saw this movie years ago on vhs . this is the ultimate for collectors . lots of extra goodies ala criterion . beatifully remastered . i have a couple other roeg films released by criterion , and again criterion has come through with a quality product . if you 've seen this film and liked it than this is a must have . when i rented this on vhs , it was an unrated version , but this one has had some additional footage added . charlie s
pimp c and bun b came out in <NUM> with an album with nothin but fire . this album slams from start to finish with that old school down south feel . the beats are melodic g-funk , with twangy guitar and smokin keyborad riffs . lyrically and vocally , ugk kills in all departments . they really know how to tear up the mic with their firey flows . the track `` feds in town '' is a gangster classic with a phat , funky beat and tight scratches . `` super tight ... '' is the perfect one to pop in the six fo while hittin switches down the avenue . the mid <NUM> 's was one of the best periods in rap history , and this album is testament to it . do n't sleep on this classic
great ! it was about time that the biggest monster of them all was exposed . `` biggest '' , not simply because of the unprecedented number of deaths that he caused , but because he was so utterly trivial . as jung chang/halliday show , he was n't ideologically inspired , he had no liking for his own country and its tremendous culture , and he could n't sustain mature relationships with other human beings . his motivation was apparently selfish , spiteful and capricious , like the school bully who finds himself running the school . he let the chinese people starve , while pumping resources abroad to pay for military technology or win the approval of third world tyrants and `` liberation movements '' . again , great ! because this book may remind us in the west just how foolish many of our bright young people were back then . on the political demos of the sixties , the maoists stood out for their brutality and brainlessness , and total lack of any sense of humour . many of the intellectuals of the time seem to have been either fooled by maoism , or bought . they did dirt on the values of their own culture while ( figuratively or literally ) waving the little red book . most of them have moved on , but this book might just remind them of creepy behaviour that they 'd prefer to forget . finally , two criticisms that have been made of jung chang/halliday by some reviewers . firstly , the lack of balance . well , was there anything remotely attractive about mao or the things that he did ? he `` reunited china '' - yes , but that does n't mean that without him it would never have happened , in fact some of the political opponents that mao destroyed along the way might , given the chance , have presided over a far less monstrous regime . secondly , the journalistic style of the book . true , occasionally it lapses into cliche , but the text remains accessible and easily readable for anyone who wants to know more about mao . compare this with mao 's own turgid platitudes , or the incomprehensible screeds of marxist intellectuals . let mao have the last word . in <NUM> he wrote the following , and one might stop to consider how he lived up to this commitment to the chinese people , and at what cost to them : `` it is not hard for one to do a bit of good . what is hard is to do good all one 's life and never do anything bad , to act consistently in the interests of the broad masses , the young people and the revolution , and to engage in arduous struggle for decades on end . that is the hardest thing of all ! ''
john bright takes us from the old testament concept of the kingdom of god to the new testament concept of the kingdom .
this updated version of this movie is quiet a change from the book . but , just because it is a change from the book is n't a good reason for me not to like it . i did like the movie over all and i thought that the point that the director tried to make came across fine . even though there were no adults there , the children did develop a `` government '' and those differences came out in the group that won compared to the group that lost followers . also , in developing a `` government '' there was a hierachy of leadership and blood shed . see the movie for yourself and come to your own conclusions about the movie . for myself , i did enjoy it and will probably see it again
great album , but what is the song at the end credits ? i love that song
before i tell you all my opinion about this musical , i would like to comment that my recording is slightly different than the one here online . my is the original canadian cast . the cover has a gnarled tree against a blazing sunset on it ... very interesting . for the most part though , the songs are the same . some things have been added , taken out , or modified . anyway , i got mine at a flee market and could n't wait to listen because i was a fan of the famous book . i listened and was slightly disappointed with it . marla schaffel ( i might have spelled her name wrong ) has a gorgeous voice and plays the part of jane very , very well . i have n't heard the man who plays mr. rochester on this recording ; i have only heard anthony crivello portray him . although the cast matters a good deal , in this musical 's case , i believe the score and lyrics count a tiny bit more . some songs are truly disgraceful , however , there are several that stand out . my favorites include 'as good as you ' , 'painting my portrait ' , 'secret soul ' , and 'in the light of the virgin evening ' . i would probably have more favorites if i had heard this recording ... unfortunately i have n't had the pleasure to hear 'the orphan ' , 'sirens ' , 'finer things ' , or 'rain ' . the music is over all very good once you become accustomed to it . the real quality that stands out in this musical are the lyrics . lyrically , this play is absolutely brilliant . even if you ignore the music and the voices ... just listen to the words and you will most certainly be moved . being that jane eyre is adapted from a novel , i expected that the lyrics would be predictable and insipid ... everything they are not . over all , i can enjoy this play for not only the musical wonder , but the breathtaking lyrics . thanks to those of you who took the time to read my review ! do any of you viewers agree
time without consequence is one of those albums . one of the ones that you can put into your cd player and just feel completely enveloped by the music . the quiet , gentle intensity of this album is just outstanding . murdoch seems to be singing/playing so effortlessly and at the same time pouring his entire soul into the music . it is a dichotomy that is present throughout the entire album and it works extremely well . the comparisons between murdoch and nick drake are valid , and that is actually the first time i 've said that , which is amazing considering how many artists people compare to nick drake . the biggest similarity between the two is the quiet intensity they bring to their music . but murdoch goes beyond nick drake in the sense that he is not just a drake clone , and his songs showcase murdoch 's own identity and direction . i wo n't go into individual songs , because i 'm sure others will review the album song by song . i 'll just say that i although i have my favorites , there are n't any bad songs on this album . all the songs are quality pieces of music and none deserve to be skipped over . this will probably be the top album of the year for me , and it is definitely the best i 've heard so far . great music .
while stadium-rock dinosaurs like the rolling stones and u2 have been embarassing themselves putting out crappy albums and playing super bowl halftime for years , sonic youth have continued to put out unpredictable , diverse , and all-around excellent abums under the radar . rather ripped continues the band 's recent resurgence , as it contains all of the shimmering , mature ( i hate that word most of the time , but it really does fit here ) beauty that marked murray street and sonic nurse , while containing enough departures to prove the band 's well of ideas is far from dry . thurston , lee and co. have obviously put a lot of effort into ensuring that the band 's sound does n't become calcified , but at the same time this is still unmistakably a sonic youth album , as rather ripped does n't do any cribbing from the countless imitators that have emerged in the wake of the early-'90 's alternative boom . the twin-guitar interplay between lee and thurston is as dense and intricate as ever , but as on the previous murray street and sonic nurse , it 's focused less on rearranging your brains daydream nation-style than on creating warm , inviting tones that mix with steve shelley 's increasingly nuanced and jazzy drumming to create some of the band 's most hypnotic soundscapes yet even as their overall sound becomes more streamlined and accessible ( that 's not to say there is n't still the occasional freakout to be found ; witness the classic instrumental break on the opening reena ) . the band certainly has n't stopped rocking , but they 've somehow managed to do it in a consistently intelligent and sophisticated way even as their catalog has expanded to around the 15-album mark . really , that 's the neatest trick of all in the youth 's 21st-century renaissance-the songs on rather ripped are easily among their most user-friendly , but there 's more than enough attention to detail , and enough individual touches to each track , to keep their more discriminating fans coming back for more . after the merely good reena , rather ripped really takes off , as the next three songs are all among the youth 's best in recent memory , and different enough from each other to show a different facet of their sound at each turn . the catchy , poppish incinerate gives way to the eerily minimal , almost pastoral do you believe in rapture ? before the album skids into more aggressive territory with the thudding backbeats and sneering , vitriolic vocals of sleeping around . between them , these three songs encompass much of what has kept sonic youth relevant well into their third decade of existence , as they all strike a balance between their old status as noise-rock pioneers and their new position as seasoned elder statesman at a time when virtually all of their contemporaries have long since either faded out or imploded . thurston 's vocals have become more self-assured and evocative than ever-even in his quieter moments , there 's a level of confidence and depth that was n't there in the band 's early days . similarly , kim 's vocals have evolved into a smoky , mid-ranged tone that serves her much better than the high-pitched annoyances she used in the daydream nation-goo-dirty era . lee 's obligatory contribution is n't wasted either , as his dark , confrontational rats is another highlight . the hard-driving pink steam goes for five mintues before the first words come out of thurston 's mouth , but vocals or no vocals , the song 's complex arrangements and dense riffage speak volumes on their own . or closes the album on a nicely quiet , contemplative note , with thurston intoning his lyrics in a near-whisper , although it 's not without its share of dissonance in the background . while you could pretty much insert this quote into a review of the band 's last two albums ( in fact , i might have ) , rather ripped once again shows sonic youth expanding their sound into more accessible territory without abandoning the creative drive that made them so compelling in the first place . definitely a worthy pickup , and i for one ca n't wait to see what they come out with next . on another note , i saw these guys live last night in boston , and many of the songs on this album come across even better in a concert setting , so if can catch them , do it . granted , they did make a reference to last night 's show being the conclusion of their tour , so it may be a little late . but whatever , they 're still worth seeing
you 're no good , the # <NUM> smash from this album is probably what made the album a # <NUM> smash . there was only one other top <NUM> hit , a cover of the everly brothers ' when will i be loved . yng came to the attention of van halen around <NUM> and the band decided to cover the tune . the other songs are good . linda ronstadt 's asylum records labelmate andrew gold plays guitar and sings background on yng .
coverdale and all the others ... thank you so much ... you took me back to <NUM> years ago when i was a student in the university ... there were no compact disc those days ... i used listen you guys my cassette player over and over and over .... the best concert song `` ain ` t no love in the heart of the city '' ...
the album , `` in rock '' , by deep purple , was a milestone in early progressive rock history ; a gem showcasing british hard rock at its best and an example of this particular genre that was strongly influenced by classical music . it was the first studio album by a new line-up of the band that attained great success commercially , producing four ( <NUM> ) solid studio albums while touring the world almost nonstop . the new members of the band were ian gillan on vocals and roger glover on bass , and what a difference their addition made to the sound of the band . just take a listen to the song , `` child in time '' , a timeless masterpiece of more than ten minutes in length . just prior to releasing the album , `` in rock '' , the first studio album for this renown line-up of the band , deep purple recorded a unique presentation of their work with the royal philharmonic orchestra . the work was performed ( and recorded for later album release ) in september of <NUM> . entitled , `` concerto for group and orchestra '' , the work reflected the band 's strong initial ties to classical music , and it was a wonderful foretaste of things to come . it certainly drew attention to the band . with the presentation of its first work together as a band at a prestigious venue , namely , the royal albert hall in london , deep purple began to forge something new and worthwhile in progressive rock , a path that blended the unique talents of its members , all of whom were accomplished musicians . specifically , the band 's music was highlighted , and driven , by organist jon lord ; by the guitar of a true guitar virtuoso in richie blackmore ; and now , by the strong vocals of a new member of the band , ian gillan , who oftentimes wailed and screamed to complement effectively the sheer volume of the music that his bandmates produced . after all , these were the wonderful beginnings of hard rock in all of its glory ! nevertheless , and astonishingly as it may seem , the band was not alone on this particular path in rock music history . other bands were likewise breaking new ground in <NUM> in the progressive rock music field just ahead of the release of deep purple 's album , `` in rock . '' the moody blues were already well-established ; king crimson 's initial line-up of that year would become a short-lived new-comer ; and yes , having had just released its second album , was still going through personnel changes . led zeppelin , although not a part of the progressive rock music scene , was nevertheless establishing its name in hard rock in <NUM> , but the band was coming from a different direction musically , drawing its inspiration from the blues . another prominent band at that time in the progressive rock music field , the moody blues , also had an opportunity to record their music with an orchestra , specifically , the london festival orchestra . the renown line-up of the band with justin hayward and john lodge recorded their initial album , `` days of future past '' , with the aforementioned orchestra in <NUM> . however , the band decided to play all of the instruments themselves for their second effort , namely , the album , `` in search of a lost chord . '' here , the moody blues played thirty-three different instruments , including the mellotron . this relatively new instrument duplicated , to some degree , the wonderful sounds of an entire philharmonic orchestra . taking the mellotron into the studio , and afterwards , on the road , on the concert circuit , meant that the band was able to trailblaze , at its own pace , free from being dependent upon a philharmonic orchestra , its unique sound in progressive rock music . as a result , by <NUM> , the moody blues had already established themselves as innovative musicians in the progressive rock music field and more , with the release of each new album , the moody blues continued to broaden their horizons musically and add to their ever-growing fan base . unsurprisingly , the moody blues broke new ground in <NUM> with the release of two phenomenal albums , namely , `` on the threshhold of a dream '' and `` to our children 's children . '' both of these albums are worth a listen . significantly , the popularity of these two albums marked a broadening acceptance in <NUM> of progressive rock music , and in regards to the moody blues , the mellotron became an integral part of their music . nonetheless , the stage was set for the following year when the well-known line-up of the moody blues would release their fifth album , `` a question of balance '' , continuing their strong ties with classical music , and deep purple would release their gem , `` in rock . '' it is important to note here that deep purple followed a slightly different path from the one taken by the moody blues . while the moody blues preferred softer sounds and vocals that produced memorable ballads and love songs , and at times , the band even added passages of read poetry on their albums , deep purple followed the direction of ever-louder music , levels that prompted its singer , ian gillan , at times , to wail and scream ! while deep purple headed towards the branch of progressive rock music that would eventually be labeled as `` hard rock '' , the moody blues embraced an entirely different vision . the band set the controls for their somewhat mystical journey pointed towards the heavens . on this preset course , the moody blues , that is , their music and their lyrics , actually became , at times , heaven-bound , especially when their music was surrounded by , enriched with , and propelled by , the outworldly sounds of the mellotron . king crimson was another band that , at that time , was forging new paths in progressive rock music . king crimson made its public debut in the summer of <NUM> at a free concert in london 's hyde park with the rolling stones , and soon thereafter , the band released its five-song masterpiece , `` in the court of the crimson king . '' the album quickly became a true phenomenon , influencing many musicians at that time . like the moody blues , king crimson used the mellotron ; like deep purple , the band had a true guitar virtuoso in robert fripp ; and like the individual members of the moody blues , king crimson employed the services of a multi-instrumentalist in ian mcdonald . like the moody blues and deep purple , king crimson was strongly influenced by classical music , but the band 's music also reflected its ties to jazz and folk music . like the moody blues , king crimson placed considerable weight on the lyrics of its songs , employing the noted lyricist , peter sinfield . however , this initial ( and stellar ) line-up of the band was to become short-lived , and as a result , it unfortunately only created this one well-received album . during this period of time , another band was likewise beginning its journey on a path that , with the passage of time , would prove to be extraordinarily successful . the band was led zeppelin . like deep purple , led zeppelin 's music was oftentimes loud , hence the label , `` hard rock '' , but unlike deep purple and other progressive rock bands at that time , led zeppelin 's music was based on the blues and , to some extent , on british folk music . as a result , led zeppelin followed a slightly different path within the hard rock genre than deep purple , but its music had such an ever-growing appeal that its popularity influenced many bands both , established and those bands that were just starting out . like deep purple , led zeppelin had a true guitar virtuoso in jimmy page who , in the early years of the band , played his electric guitar with a violin bow as a novelty and also to produce special effects . much like the supergroup , cream , that preceded them , led zeppelin continued to electrify the blues and while the band was reformulating this process , it began to establish its own style , a style that , along with the band , black sabbath , and several other bands at that time , began to mold yet another branch of rock called , `` heavy metal . '' led zeppelin released its initial album , `` led zeppelin '' , in january of <NUM> , and its second album , `` led zeppelin ii '' , later in the year . both of these albums profoundly changed the rock music landscape forever that year
i had this record when i was little so when i saw it out on cd i had to buy it for my kids . we loved it this holiday season . it took me way back in time and was just as much fun now as it was then . all christmas , every time we got in the car my kids wanted to hear it . if you like christmas , you will like this cd .
how amusing we find the seventeenth-century minds which persecuted galileo for saying that the earth revolves around the sun . but we have living in our midst a man who is so brave he has stated a truth even more obvious than galileo 's . of course the races are n't equal . everyone knows it but we do n't want to admit it . even most scientists are so scared that they would rather pretend that natural selection leaves intelligence unaffected . the official story is that it does n't matter whether your race evolved in a jungle or a desert , the average brain will be totally unchanged by evolution . everything else will change - height , colour , blood , hair , bones , teeth , eyes - but the brain must by some undiscovered law of nature stay the same . read this book for proof of what you , in your heart of hearts , already know .
my favorite cd in the world and the best dolly cd ever . if you just like good older music and do n't like dolly buy this anyway she does the best covers i have ever heard ! i love it and would recomend it to anyone ! buy it while you still can
... this is a very good read ... this book offers much more than the usual approach of ` tell the dog to sit , and reward it with a treat ' ... the author approaches the problem of bad dog behaviour from the owner 's perspective , as well as from the dog 's perspective ... a holistic approach that avoids harsh punishment ... the author tells us that in order to correct a dog , oftentimes we must first as owners correct ourselves , our approach ... our whole attitude ... we are encouraged to try and learn the nature of dogs , their instincts and propensities ... the numerous case studies are also extremely useful ... all in all , a very good book , informative , sensible and effective
this album has it all : * actual * country music , a couple of rockers and humour ( aviator ) . the music that 's on here puts mainstream country radio to shame . see shooter live if you get a chance . you wo n't be disappointed
i would gladly pay the same price for just mickey 's christmas carol on the dvd . but , the other films are also special in their own right . good classic disney stuff here
the classical music performed in the ottoman empire . may be it is not the actually the same music perfomed during 17th - 19th centuries , but it originates from there . an excellent recording
you must own cloudy with a chance of meatballs ... please go buy that ... then if you love that , you can get this book - which is a really nice sequal .. recommended
i remember seeing this film as a young girl , and its impact has never left me . this is one of those films that is not well known so naturally it gets overlooked . this movie is truly scary in the sense that it plays with your emotions . sure friday the thirteenth , halloween , etc . are scary , but they rely on superficial violence and gore to lure their viewers . this film touches the human psyche ; it brings out a realization that not all people are good and that there is pure evil in all places . when a film can touch a person deep inside , that makes it an unforgettable classic . i would recommend anyone , expect very young children , to view this jewel of a film .
a writer who undertakes to translate a complicated and nuanced work by an acknowledged literary master puts himself into an unenviable position , especially should the work have already been previously translated by another and be considered definitive . and yet heim 's update on the classic lowe-porter translation has made mann 's aschenbach more fully human , more tragic and less comic , still every bit as pompous and self-justifying , more insidiously real . it 's a triumph of the translator 's art . to me , anyhow , mann 's book has always been at least as much about the language , the inner self-talk of aschenbach , as it has been about the story line or plot . it is fascinating to see how the author enters the mind of a man who has spent his life in rigid self-denial , self-deception really , and slowly - and not without considerable struggle from his ego against it - expands his consciousness . by book 's end aschenbach has not only found himself , he can no longer deny himself , he accepts himself as he is and then of course he dies . the journey he undertakes - not just from serious and constricted germany to a holiday resort on the lido in venice , but from stuffy and self-important man living a lie , a life of 'despites ' , to allowing himself to be fully conscious of one true emotion and impulse and allowing it , even willing it to take him entirely over , to free him from himself , is the thing . well , it 's a spellbinding book , and one which rewards close rereading
i finished kaplan 's ends of the earth today . i liked the book . kaplan has consistently been one of my favorite authors ( atlantic monthly ) his theme is consistent : many nation states are not really nation states . i felt that his comments about iran were especially poignant , given how some view iran as part of the `` axis of evil '' . i get the sense that when this book was written , kaplan had great hope for the future of iran as they struggle with theocracy . ecocide , or the killing of natural resources is a new topic for me that kaplan introduces . according to kaplan , many developing nations have traded immediate benefits for the long term health of their natural resources . his observations are very very interesting , especially his observations from the post-soviet nations like uzbekistan . kaplan is a bold , imaginative and thoughtful writer , he is not merely another journalist or another travel writer . his message , right or wrong , is sincere and based on his own personal observations . i highly recommend this work for anyone interested on new perspectives in current affairs .
it has been a long time since i have seen this movie and it really impressed me . i had forgotten how great donald oconner wa
pat benatar is a natural . this compilation has been thoroughly reviewed , so i will focus on four very different songs . her phenomenal voice comes piercing through on `` heartbreaker , '' a jaunty tune with catchy lyrics & intense energy . in `` i need a lover , '' she deciphers a females self-awareness that is rarely heard from in this genre of music . `` we live for love , '' is a smooth sensual song that appeals to the romantic in all of us . this one is good for dancing or driving on a breezy autumn day . `` hell is for children , '' a deeply disturbing tune with its descriptions of child abuse . it brings out any decent persons protectiveness towards kids everywhere . lastly , in `` love is a battlefield . '' she takes the listener on a roller coaster ride of emotions . the honest lyrics & her perfect delivery makes one ponder the title . all of her fans will be pleased with this entire compilation . it has no flaws
to : rat after spending my entire adult life as a working single mother , i find your whining about mothers as `` the most priveleged class '' uninformed , if not downright ludicrous . you feel you have to do all of their work for them while they lazily sit around the house ? i have never personally spent `` years on leave '' . although , i have covered countless shifts for my hungover or broken-hearted , childless co-workers , and have only stayed home with a sick child about <NUM> times in <NUM> years . i have taken on more [ ... ] , covered more [ ... ] and put up with more bull than i deserved , because as the sole support of my child , i could n't risk losing my job . i have been an employer 's bargain ! furthermore , rat -- you clearly do not understand the concept of flex time . flex time does n't mean somebody works less hours than you . flex time means there is an inherent flexibility built into everyone 's work schedule , so that work gets done , but life can happen to . you are probably familiar with this concept in reality -- have you ever skipped lunch so you could leave early to go to the dentist ? in the future , please try to wrap your brain around the bigger picture before you jump to such conclusions
not only did i learn why i have back pain but also how to treat it . my range of motion has increased dramatically and my back pain is gone ! ! it 's an easy read with uncomplicated exercises . a must for those with chronic back pain
i have listened to this soundtrack hundreds of times since the movie came out and it brings back floods of memories of when i lived in new york city . a wonderful score , wonderful arrangements . s'wonderfull all the way around ..
i am very interested in wwii movies and find this one to be one of the best out
this album blew me away from the moment i heard it . the only downside is there are not many songs with vocals on the album . if you like old funk or soul then this album is for you . these guys will leave footprints in the history books of this genre
this is the sequel to liquor , the first of the rickey and g-man mysteries . this one is more fun , and i believe , more finely crafted . there is less of the culinary aspect in this book , and more of the mystery-intrigue-new orleans corruption `` stuff ' , that makes these plots fun . rickey is his usual impulsive and volatile self , and g-man , ever steady and calming , evolves into a more complex and active character . lenny is there , but he does not occupy too much of the book . there are a few surprising `` twists '' in the plot , and if you are an astute reader , you will `` pick-up '' the clues . if not , and that is very ok , you will find the resolution to the story line fascinating , and quite frankly , plausible . i 'm looking forward to the `` 3rd '' in the series , if there is to be one
this book is a creeper . a few months after you read it , you will realize that you love it . kerouak mentions the conceptualization of dr. sax in on the road , where jk 's main character talks about a book he is writing , and mentions the ultimate scene in sax . the story is full of visuals that stay in the mind . inspiration from bram stoker is evident , and mixes with old radio serials adventure . a coming of age story that is comic book , before comic books were cool , and with a fantastic ending that is unexpected and thought provoking . a wonderful read every time
the music set to midsummer night 's dream arranged here by boswell yields good things but is not entirely great . for instance , since the movie had the story set in tuscany , italy , there are a lot of songs of the opera , since opera was founded in italy and it makes one feel more at home with the movie location . also , intermezzo from cavalleria rusticana , an opera intermission music by mascagni , is heard here . i think these things are all out of place . there should be more emphasis on the music of shakespeare 's time- oboe , flute and renaissance instruments . the soundtrack to & quot ; much ado about nothing & quot ; is even better since it does manage to remain shakespearian . but otherwise this music is beautiful , especially the midsummer night 's dream music by mendelsshon -the overture is a delightful , sunny piece to hear and then there is the famous signature wedding march . i recommend anyone to get the entire classical work- the scherzo is just as good and other selections . this cd is good but not great . in opera , it has featured its brightest stars- fleming , domingo and bartoli . but a great cd nonetheless
this is my first derailers album . i had heard of them before , but never really wanted to buy an album . i think i 've been missing out on a great band ! derailers ' `` soldier of love '' is good - really good - i 'm tempted to give it <NUM> stars but that 'll be determined if i 'm still listening to this <NUM> years from now . for now though , this is great `` americana '' music . this is what real music is about . this is where country music started , where it has evolved to , and it 's nice to see how it can still sound good in the year <NUM> . the songs are really good throughout - start to finish . the lyrics and choruses are very catchy without being cheesey - except for the `` get 'er done '' song - that phrase is so played out by now , you 'd think they 'd have known better . this album takes honky tonk , country , rockabilly , and mixes them all together to make a great album . it 's a record for good times and cold beer . it 's nice to hear real good , quality `` country '' music every once in awhile
this book is a well researched and organized overview of life in the early american colonies . taylor goes to great pains to supply insights into government and family matters of , and the trades and professions of 17th and 18th century settlers . intended as a sourcebook for writers , it is also a must for the history student who wishes to better understand american colonists
the original worst case scenario handbook was a good guide , essential for your paranoid friends . i enjoyed that one , so for some reason my family has given me all the follow-on books as gifts . none of them really compare to the original , but this one comes close in some respects . many of the scenarios are completely outlandish , so do n't buy this looking for practical advice . unlike the original , this is n't a book to buy your paranoid death-fearing friend . some advice is practical , like dealing with swallowed mistletoe , driving in a blizzard , or dealing with a canceled plane flight , but it can get lost in the more outlandish , like fending off unwanted kisses , jumping from a runaway sleigh , fending off a charging reindeer , dealing with a meddling parent , etc . some situations just do n't boil down to <NUM> easy to follow steps and a diagram . i do love the section on repurposing a fruitcake , though . enjoy this for a small laugh and pass it around amoung the adults for the holiday
ok so everyone has different tastes but to my mind some of glenn ` s best work did not make the cut on this album . instead we ` ve been given work which has ` nt appeared in any of glenn ` s previous releases , common ground , who ` s been sleepin in my bed etc , which while good pale beside i volunteer , that girl , some kind of blue which all sound like they could have been eagles tunes . having said that it is a good album although i would recommend soul searchin , strange weather ahead of this one . further proof that the eagles whole is better than its part
this motion picture soundtrack is the best ! that ` s my opinion anyway ; the movie ( national treasure - starring : nicolas cage ) has been one of my top favorites ever since it came out . i also recommend the `` titanic '' soundtrack as well if you are interested in this one . and if you have doubts as to whether or not to buy this cd , try listening to the clips . my personal favorite is : `` national treasure suite '' ( track <NUM> ) . the tracks : `` library of congress '' ( track <NUM> ) , and `` declaration of independence '' ( track <NUM> ) are nice slower ones . track : `` spectacle discovery '' ( track <NUM> ) is another one of my favorites also . some of the tracks on this cd can be a little repetitive , but all in all , i think this cd is worth the money
i keep seeing all over the reviews that this is intended for kids . i am <NUM> and the owner of a studio . i have been involved in music production since <NUM> and i have got to say that the music this duo is putting out is phenomenal . not only is the music fantastic , but the production is flawless . my daughter watches disney channel which is where i was first exposed to aly and aj 's music . i was blown away when i first heard `` rush '' and when `` chemicals react '' came out , i was convinced that `` rush '' was n't a fluke and decided to buy the cd/dvd . with the exception of the two cover tunes at the end of the cd , this disk is awesome . do n't get me wrong , they have done a great job on the cover tunes , i just do n't know why they put the covers on it ; their stuff blows the covers away . this cd is definitely not one with just a couple of good songs ; they are all good . i 'd recommend this cd for anyone who likes modern rock .
nora roberts , writing as j.d . robb , has created a successful series based on a few basic principles . the first , and in my opinion , most important aspect is a fascinating heroine , who presents different layers that the author has been revealing in each installment and will certainly continue to do so . lieutenant eve dallas is a tough cop , who is relentless in her pursue of justice and feels as if the victims were hers to save . on the other hand , she is the wife of the billionaire roarke , and has to deal with parties and charity events in which she is expected to mingle and maintain polite chit-chat with the guests . she has been adjusting slowly to this area of her life and even though she does not like it , she has learned to accept it . the fact that eve was abused by her father when she was a child and had to kill him in order to escape also plays an important role in the development of the story and in almost every case eve faces . her husband also has a complex past , involving an abusing father who killed roarke 's mother and then lied to him about who his real mother was . only recently did the billionaire learned the truth about this and reunited with what was left of his family . besides the two main characters , robb has created a supporting cast that adds appeal to the series and which i consider to be the second factor in its success . peabody is eve 's former aide and current partner who has recently made detective and who usually adds a good part of humor to the narration with her witty comments . she is in love with mcnabb , a policeman working in the electronic detectives division , and they are in the process of moving together to a new apartment . there are other interesting characters : feeney , eve 's trainer and mentor , mavis , eve 's best friend , nadine furst , a reporter for channel <NUM> who has become a close friend with eve , charles , a licensed companion who is now dating a doctor , and several others . one of the most appealing aspects of the series has to do with the development of the stories of each of these people , and that is why i recommend reading the series in order . the third and final element that helps create a superb series is the cleverly crafted world in which the action takes place : new york in the year <NUM> . the setting presents several characteristics that make it very different from our world , like cars that fly , drones that take care of household chores , the ban on firearms , the anticancer vaccine , the legalization of prostitution , the difficulty for getting real coffee , etc . also , the advances in terms of technology require criminals to be more clever and careful when committing their crimes , and we usually end up reading about complex mysteries . in this novel , eve is summoned to the scene of a ghastly murder . the victim was raped and strangled using a red ribbon and before leaving , the killer took out her eyes as a memento . the poor woman had a four-year-old kid and worked as hired help for a wealthy couple , and there is nothing that indicates that someone would have wanted to hurt her . everything is business as normal until celina sanchez shows up wanting to talk to eve and claiming she has information about the murder . celina is a psychic and claims that she saw the killing in a vision . even though eve does not really believe in this stuff , she goes along with it following peabody 's advice and realizing that if it does not help at least it will not hurt either . this is not the first time robb uses supernatural events in the series , but in her previous attempt she went too far making it hardly believable . in the present try the results were much better , and since the case eve is facing is one of the best mysteries in the series so far , the overall quality of the novel benefits even more . as usual , robb creates a good balance between the police procedural and the development of the personal stories of the characters in the series . of course , the romantic scenes are still present through the narration , but without overdoing it . i was very pleased with this installment , and i am looking forward to the next one . a final word of advice , the publisher 's blurb gives out important information regarding events towards the end of the novel . i would have preferred to read the book without knowing these facts . the good thing is that even if you read them , there will be a surprise waiting for you
this cd is as good as people say it is . if you 're a fan of enigk , you wont be disappointed . make sure to pick up his new album `` world waits '' , its just as goo
a very sensitive and touching movie about a boy and his teacher . it has some gratutious scenes and the story does not flow very smoothly , but none the less worth watching and the ending reveals alot about humanity throughout the ages .
imagine you are walking through a great art museum , overwhelmed by one massive canvas after another . in your rapture you almost walk right past a tiny painting in the corner , an unassuming , faultless vermeer . that is this movie . watch it on its own terms , in its own time , and you will certainly love it . ladies in lavender is a star vehicle for two british grande dames , judi dench and maggie smith - that 's hard to beat for star power . ( indeed , the only thing missing in this movie is helen mirren . ) almost everything except the plot fuels the story , the plot is so small it would be easily lost in the garden these sisters keep . place is massively important , and brilliantly recreated . pace is massively important ; these people lead simple , slow lives . most of all , emotional nuance drives the bus here , maggie smith can say more with a furrowed brow than any ten hollywood actors with a well-polished script . the film invites adult viewers to take an adult look at the many different forms love takes , and their consequences . from the bitter and cynical aging doctor , to the painfully vulnerable and naive ursula , dench , to the cool yet kind janet , smith , this film weaves leitmotifs with such a deft hand you barely notice . the young man , andrea , is played adequately by daniel bruhl , while olga , young , manipulative , and ambitious , is the girl everyone loves to hate because she seems to have it all . olga is played by natascha mcelhone . ms. mcelhone is fortunate to have been blessed with model-esque good looks ; if you look carefully you can see her being out-acted by a footstool , a washstand , and a pair of knitting needles . those who enjoy metaphor and symbolism will not have to meditate overly long before realizing that the love these aging sisters bestow on their innocent foundling is a give and take proposition . ultimately they commit the greatest act of selflessness any person can , they must free their `` child '' and let him live . ( irony here since they are what used to be charmingly referred to as `` barren . '' ) in so doing , they allow a great talent to bloom - sharing it with the world . this brings us to the film 's other star , joshua bell . bell provides the actual violin virtuosity behind the scenes , and his technique and range are chilling - from barn dance sawing rowdy enough to set the strad on fire , to subtle trills that could make the hairs on the back of your neck stand up . yes
this album was everywhere around the time i was entering my senior year of high school , and for good reasons too.this album is so raw , hard edged , chilling and gritty.it has a verry dark sense of urgency , and ghetto desperation . it even has undertones of the occult like the mr quija song.also songs like no surrender ( wich has a sick chorus ! ) deal with the frustration that inner city youth has with law inforcement ( wich seems like another gang in some ghettos ) .and the song is layered with hardcore rebelious lyrics.especially from wish bone of all people when he talks about the cops arresting him and he says `` puttin ' me on my knees , tellin ' me move and i 'm dead , 'cause i 'm killin ' all your b * tches , turnin ' them blue suits red . and then i 'm comin ' to that funeral to shoot that b * tch up , because i know that 's where y'all b * tches is bound to meet up . cop killas , all up in they chest , and i know what to do with that vest , man twenty-two shots . i killa . you do n't wan na f * * k with bone , nigga . and it really ai n't sh * t to pull a trigger on a copper , 'cause if i go down , some of y'all goin ' down , 'cause i 'm goin ' down poppin , so motherf * * k all coppers , let me catch you slippin ' , nigga , bet i pop ya '' and the title track creepin on ah come up gives off the vibe of young inner city desperation.especialy in the first verse verse by krayzie bone when he says `` woke up this morning with the thoughts of robbin ' a bank to get rich , ai n't ate in days so it ai n't no thang to click click b * * * h , gim me yo s * * t. '' also lazie bone 's verse echos the same sentiment `` see , i 'm sittin ' in my room , and a nigga feelin ' down , steady thinkin ' 'bout how to get paid . got ta gauge at my waist that be spellin ' out murder that 'll get a nigga locked the cage . lay my head to bed , start to thinkin ' hard , money is the cause . what can i do me for ? need to hit a lick , not a bullsh * t , but a real lick , like robbin ' a jewelery store . '' those verses pretty much sums up this album , so do the verse where bizzy bone said he took his conscience and fried them ( with weed ) after he robbed someone . but lets not forget the hit singles like thugish rugish bone wich is bone 's signiture song along with tha cross roads.and who can forget for the love of money song wich has great verses from flesh-n-bone ( whom is arguably the most overlooked memeber ) , and the late great eazy-e. flesh-n-bone- `` got ta get on the grind pop in the clip of my nine and b * tch if you slip you hit the chalk and fall in the night time got ta get mine ai n't takin no shorts or no losses hop on the phone callin ' my nigga sin at home polishin ' that mac-10 crome got ta a lick so bring yo sh * t cause once again it 's on to the dome with a fifth of burb we wig to the curb so we swerve and rolled out to pick up the triple six thug and follow the murder for robbin the dopehouse smoke jump outta me bong so high , now comin ' to slay with four grenades and a gauge i 'm a play , watch all 'em fall in the grave and lay pullin ' in the driveway , wish spotted the place and quickly rolled up bulldozed through the living room hopped out of the car and started to blow up buck , buck , and a kaboom me blew all them bodies all over the room them doomed '' bad ass verse from flesh lol , eazy-e comes hard too with this verse `` standin ' on the corner straight slangin ' rocks aw sh * t ! here comes the muthaf * * kin ' cops ! so i dash , i ducks , and i hides behind a tree makin ' sure the muthaf * * kas do n't see me now my fat sack of rocks hell yeah i stuffed 'em police on my draws , i had to pause and yeah , it 's still muthaf * * k 'em now my game is tight , tight as f * * k is my game easy muthaf * * kin e or eric wright it 's all the same now niggas might trip on how i stash my grip i got ta have it b * tch for the love of this sh * t muthaf * * ka ! ! '' what a great verse from eazy-e , and its one of my favorites by him . i also love the bass heavy down for my thang and i like how the song fades out with bone harmonizing the chorus as the song fades out.the intro with the quintet harmonizing along with down for my thang made me understand the relevence of the term harmony in the groups name.and after hearing the aformentioned <NUM> songs i kinda got the style and the jist of the group . and in turn i could n't wait for their follow up.because their sound was so melodic/smooth yet hard edged and hard as nails.it was unlike anything i heard before.i will admit though i too wonder how good this album would have been if it was a full lp instead of a ep.but `` as is '' its a great rap album that gives you only a taste of whats to come from this underrated but legendary group
i bought the book after reading a shorter tolstoy story , years ago . at first i was intimidated by the length of this story and couldnt get into it to start . finally , i picked it up again and was dissapointed i waited so long , it definitely doesnt seem as long once you get going . its an amazing book and has become one of my favorite
i feel this movie should be seen by all . it 's awesome , and really makes you think . you get very attached to the characters and feel what they are feeling . i highly recommend it ! awesome movie
definitely one for all time ... when i first heard 'raised on robbery ' ( on the radio , in omaha , ne of all places ) , i immediately had images of a dashing cary grant , gary cooper type , dressed to the nines , cooling his heels with a rob roy in the lounge of the chrysler building , not 'the empire hotel ' replete with all that glorious , stainless steel , polished oak and mother of pearl , art-deco ; set in a slight , yet crisp , sepia tone , black and white ... joni painted all that in my mind in <NUM> bars , then here comes the lady 'in lacy sleeves ' ... she 's a trubador not unlike dire straits , mark knopfler , a story teller of the highest order and an artist with no peer . buy it
widely acclaimed for his serious ambitions and his uncompromising perfectionism , stanley kubrick has won for himself a unique degree of artistic freedom ... based on a true story of a slave revolt in <NUM> b.c. , dalton trumbo 's script mixes the melodrama with some quite moving moments ... the film depicts the roman era , the brutality of the slave system , gladiator combat and the decadence of roman senators ... what emerges from the screen was a passionate statement on behalf of freedom and men who were willing to die to overthrow oppressive governments ... the credit for the film 's style belongs to stanley kubrick , who handled scenes of intimacy and scenes of gigantic sweep with equal attention , illustrating the violence , brutality and corruption of both , the masters and the slaves , raising the question of freedom which justify the human cost ... kirk douglas plays spartacus the idealistic noble slave who believes he must struggle forever against tyranny and just by opposing tyranny he inspires his followers with his example ... spartacus ' character , from a violent primitive rebel who hamstrung a foreman with his teeth , into a gladiator who fought desperately for life in the arena , into an enraged rebel who drowned his gladiator trainer in a huge caldron of soup , into a revolutionary who was able to unite an amorphous mass of slaves , and deserters into a force which succeeded to defeat rome 's best trained armies , into a charismatic leader ( with a vision ) who forces a long-awaited revolt against the roman empire ... two political rivals ( crassus and gracchus ) use the slave uprising threat to manipulate the roman senate for their own ends : crassus ( played powerfully by laurence olivier ) extorts ' a fee , ' the dictatorial post of first consul , commander of all the legions of italy as his price for releasing rome from spartacus ... crassus sees the defeat of spartacus ' army as a chance for him to seize power of the empire for himself ... crassus tries to make the slaves betray spartacus ... he tries to win the love of varinia , not merely to possess her , but as a form of victory over spartacus ... in his last confrontation with spartacus , he is seen losing all his delusions of grandeur as he stands deeply wounded by the total disregard in which spartacus holds him ... the screen legend charles laughton plays , with expertise , gracchus , a generous roman politician , soft and rich , able to get his julius caesar ( john gavin ) elected leader of the praetorian guard to annoy crassus ' ambitions ... the first hour of `` spartacus '' contains many of the film 's best moments : the operation of the gladiatorial school and its training program is impressive and also expressive ... the gladiators school is tough but fair ... the men are oiled , bathed , shaved , massaged and trained to fight ... they are never allowed to kill ... for their good performances , they are even rewarded with the companionship of a young lady ... in this degrading manner spartacus meets varinia ( jean simmons-lovely as ever ) and it is his love for her and his hatred for his captors that inadvertently sparks off an uprising and the gladiators break out ... particularly effective is the scene in which crassus and his `` capricious over-painted nymphs '' ( nina foch & joanna barnes ) ask to be entertained by the sight of two pairs fighting to the death ... the scene summarizes the injustice of the situation , the cruelty of bondage and the insurrection becomes a triumph easy to understand ... nominated for six academy awards , and winning for cinematography , costume design , art direction and supporting actor -- peter ustinov , the motion picture contains no chariot races and no orgies but it still imparts the grandeur and the decay of ancient rome ... with a stirring musical score by oscar nominee alex north , `` spartacus , '' masterfully directed by kubrick , is too sentimental , but beautiful , wonderfully erotic and surprisingly moving ...
this band got it right for creating good modern metal . trivium 's new album crusade failed in this respect since trivium lost their agression and just sold out to melody . this album has the right mix of aggression and melody . the guitar breakdowns are interesting , the vocals are very good another good mix of aggressive screamo and timely melodic chorus .
this book has really helped me in class . it ties into all of the other books we use and all of the discussion in class . the book is actually interesting and easy to read unlike other textbooks
this is a fabulous movie . i have it on video and decided to replace the video with dvd . sean connery , meg ryan , and mark harmon are amoung my favorite actors and actresses , so to get a great movie with all three of them in it , is a real bonus . dee moffat port angeles , w
i watch this movie over and over . the story is wonderful , the acting is great -- who can resist richard gere 's tiny smile towards his wife , susan sarandon . and this was my first intro to jennifer lopez who was excellent and a wonderful dancer . the music ? ? well , i had to have the music ; it is varied and it is romantic and uplifting and introduced me to peter gabriel and other music . you wo n't be sorry to buy this music -- it makes you want to get up and dance slow and fast ! ! and if you are a little bit of an oldster , like me , it will bring back youthful and memorable feelings of romance and real love
if you have ever been in love , if you love listening to great music , if you want to linger a bit in the past with wonderful love songs and unsurpassed artists , then buy this album . how can you possibly lose ? the artful direction of nelson riddle , combined with ageless , moving love songs sung superbly by linda ronstadt - ladies and gentlemen - it does n't get any better than this ! in fact , if you want a collection of absolutely beautiful love songs , get all three albums by ronstadt and riddle : what 's new ; lush life ; and for sentimental reasons . there is life after lp albums - thank heavens for remastered cd 's . great music forever saved . buy this album now
this cd is a classic . to this day ( as was the case at a cousin 's wedding reception recently in charlotte , nc ) , the likes of `` children 's story '' and `` the moment i feared '' can still pack dance floors nearly <NUM> years later . overall , this is one of the best rap cds of all time . ricky `` slick rick '' walters was/is the uncrowned king ( well , since he was also known as `` rick the ruler '' , maybe he was crowned ) of rap storytelling . this is one of the few rap cds that are as much fun to listen to as well as dance from . he was a brilliant , creative , and imaginative lyricist and rhymester with his unique style , and no two songs on this cd are lyrically or musically alike . he was one of the few who took full advantage of the format of rap to tell some really interesting stories that took listeners to another level . the one downnote is that rick sends some really mixed messages here . while `` children 's story '' and the lovely `` hey young world '' as well as `` teenage love '' has our hero laying down some pretty positive stuff for his younger fans , there 's also the negativity and misogyny of `` treat her like a prostitute '' , '' indian girl , '' and `` lick the ( you get the idea ) '' that foreshadowed the lows that nwa and future rappers would take along this dark line . in another ugly sign of things to come , rick 's publicized imprisonment ( from a case eerily similar to `` children 's story '' ) stifled his future output and stalled a great career ( as would be the case with many future , albeit less talented , rappers ) it would be nice if he were to record with his onetime partner and fellow storyteller dana dane of the unrecorded kangol krew of the early 80s . now that would be an amazing record ( they appeared together only once in recent years to my knowledge in a film perfroming with rick 's later partner doug e. fresh ) . but we can be thankful for what 's here and enjoy it for what it is . the title fits . good night
`` plague ship '' ( <NUM> ) was one the first science fiction novels i ever checked out of our local library ( i can still close my eyes and see that one dinky little shelf , crammed with some of sfs ' greatest juvenile authors : norton ; heinlein ; del rey ; nourse ) . this book contains the second 'solar queen ' adventure . norton 's four-book series about the trader-crew of the 'solar queen ' ended in <NUM> with `` postmarked the stars '' but beware ! lesser authors have butted into the series , presumably with norton 's permission since this remarkable gandalf grand master of fantasy and nebula grand master just recently passed away after a long and extremely fruitful career ( her first novel was published in <NUM> , her latest fantasy in <NUM> ) . one 'solar queen ' rip-off to avoid at all costs is `` redline : the stars . '' norton 's 'solar queen ' stories are told from the viewpoint of dane thorson , an apprentice-cargo master who is introduced in `` sargasso of space , '' the first 'solar queen ' novel , as a `` lanky , very young man in an ill-fitting trader 's tunic . '' most of this author 's heroes and heroines are young , uncertain of themselves , shy , with a tendency to trip over their own enthusiasms and load themselves up with guilt at the slightest opportunity . they are very likeable and their adventures are narrated in remarkably lean prose with just the right touch of description . after ten years of schooling , orphan dane thorson is assigned via a computer analysis of his psychological profile -- not to a safe berth on a sleek company-run starship that his classmates were vying for -- but to a battered tramp of a free trader . to say that the 'solar queen ' `` lacked a great many refinements and luxurious fittings which the company ships boasted '' was an understatement . but she was a tightly-run ship and what she lacked in refinement , she made up for in adventure . dane soon settles in under cargo master van rycke and learns `` to his dismay what large gaps unfortunately existed in his training . '' sometimes i just want to give dane a big hug . `` plague ship '' takes the crew of the 'solar queen ' to sargol , where the enigmatic feline natives seem very reluctant to trade away their fabulous scented gemstones . when dane thorson discovers an herb that the salariki are willing to swap for their gems , he fears that his eagerness to make a trade breakthrough might have poisoned a native child . that becomes the least of his worries when the 'solar queen ' blasts off from sargol with invisible , undetectable stowaways that would brand the free traders anathema to all inhabited worlds . in space , the more senior members of the 'solar queen 's ' crew succumb to a strange plague that resembles sleeping sickness . dane and his fellow-apprentices , with the assistance of captain jellico 's hoobat ( a sort of blue parrot-lizard , or at least that 's how i 've always pictured it ) discover the source of the plague : venomous hitch-hikers from sargol . `` it walked erect on two threads of legs ... a bulging abdomen sheathed in the horny substance of a beetle 's shell ended in a sharp point . '' it was only about a foot-and-a-half high and could change color like a chameleon . the hoobat kills and eats the first creature , and then the hunt is on for others of its kind . even with the source of the sleeping sickness discovered , the 'solar queen 's ' young apprentices must still convince the rest of the galaxy that they are not a plague ship -- and therefore eligible to be destroyed on sight without warning . the 'solar queen ' novels are prime representatives of norton 's lean action-packed brand of story-telling ( at least the ones she solo-authored . ) if you have n't read them since you were a teen-ager , i urge you to try them again . for a few pleasant hours , you will be immersed in the adventures of a likeable , feisty band of free traders on exotic , carefully-drawn alien worlds .
this is an awesome mid <NUM> 's teen movie , with a name that really does n't match the film . janie glen ( sarah jessica parker ) is a military brat who relocates to chicago , the home of her favorite tv show dance tv . she immediately makes friends with the ultra cool lynn stone ( helen hunt ) . janie and jeff are paired up as partners for the finals , they have friction which develops into good chemistry . this is such an amazing <NUM> 's teen flick . it also features shannon dougherty as jeff 's little sister , holly gagnier ( the old cassie from one life to live ) , and jonathen silverman ( single guy , gim me a break ) . the dvd does n't include any extras to my knowledge but it does give you the option to view it in full screen or wide screen version , which i thought was pretty cool . this is a real feel good movie ! it really has nothing to do with the song though , and when the song is played in the movie , it 's not cyndi lauper singing ! it was the <NUM> 's and this was after footloose , flash dance , breakin ' , and maybe slam dance , not sure about that last one , but maybe they thought it would be good not to have the dance theme related to the title , but this is totally a movie about a big dance contest and there are several dance scenes , practices , and lots of other teen angst moments ( jeff 's father wanting him to go to trade school , jeff 's sister 's insecururities , janie 's strict father , the spoiled enemy chick ) sprinkled throughout the film . if you have n't seen it , check it out
one of the greatest albums ever released.johnny sings from his heart & the man in black will live on forever . pet
should have had promotion and been released a lot earlier in memory of the late rapper , great cd , got that ol ' school rap fee
`` dead reckoning '' is a story told half in flashback by captain rip murdock ( humphrey bogart ) , a paratrooper just returned from combat in world war ii . in the southern town of gulf city , murdock is beaten up and on the run . eluding his pursuers , he enters a church and tells his story to a priest so that , whatever may come , someone will know : a few days before , murdock and a paratrooper under his command , sergeant johnny drake ( william prince ) , were whisked home from paris and put on a train to washington , d.c. , where sgt . drake was to receive the congressional medal of honor . but drake took off while the train was stopped , and murdock set out to find him . he followed drake to gulf city , where he discovered that drake was a fugitive before he enlisted , having confessed to the murder of his girlfriend 's husband . murdock finds the girlfriend , coral chandler ( lizabeth scott ) , in a nightclub owned by a man named martinelli ( morris carnovsky ) , who has a mysterious hold over coral . `` dead reckoning '' is entertaining but not thematically sophisticated . the dialogue is fine , but not clever or sharp . the character writing is superficial . this is n't top-tier film noir , but it does have humphrey bogart 's charisma and lizabeth scott 's sultry voice and great looks . coral chandler is one of the most manipulative femme fatales in film noir . in fact , she is the center of the film 's only discernible theme : you ca n't trust women . i 've rarely seen a film with such an overt anti-female premise . normally i find femme fatales to be a refreshingly unsentimental image of women . but murdock is relentless in proclaiming women to be deceitful and castigating coral . -and he falls under her spell anyway . so it 's all very amusing . `` dead reckoning '' is n't a great film , but it 's solid entertainment with high-power stars . the dvd ( columbia/tristar <NUM> ) : the print of the film is good , but not restored . there are some small white specks , but not enough to be distracting . bonus features include `` the bogart collection '' ( <NUM> minutes ) , which is scrolling text about bogart 's career followed by some posters of his films . `` vintage advertising '' is <NUM> posters for the film . subtitles for the film are available in english , japanese , french , spanish , portuguese , and korean
having studied the work of joseph ratzinger ( benedict xvi ) and read more than half-a-dozen works on him , i came to `` god 's choice '' with a significant cache of knowledge on the subject . while weigel 's work and social commentary ( perhaps best known through his syndicated column ) remains a source of contention and , at times , controversy , i was rather pleased with this book . i believe that the major fault of the work rests in the initial focus on john paul ii ( which occupies more than <NUM> pages of the 268-page book ) . like david gibson in his `` the rule of benedict , '' weigel apparently felt it necessary to remind the reader of all the great details of benedict 's predecessor - a task i find to be superfluous . that said , it is a good book . i was delightfully surprised at times while reading this book to find that weigel had occasionally rendered his advisories an appropriate level of respect . citing john allen , jr. , ( chief vatican correspondent for national catholic reporter , often noted by being at ends ideologically with the views of weigel ) and others , weigel significantly avoids polemical spin in a way that has garnered new respect from this reader . however , it should also be noted that there remains a peppering of weigel 's clear and present agenda throughout the book . while at times is appears fleeting or subtle , reader beware that his ecclesial and cultural politics surface here and there . perhaps one example would suffice . while addressing his opinion of a `` progressive catholic movement '' and its possible cardinal-elector representatives , he makes the unfounded and impertinent remark : `` that , in turn , may explain why the progressive project is infertile - increasingly unable to attract the brightest students in graduate schools of theology in the united states . '' ( weigel 136-137 ) without any substance , using vague terms , weigel makes a sweeping statement regarding the state of graduate theological students - as it pleases him . all in all , this is a wonderfully written work . weigel is clearly intelligent , while politically transparent , and his writing style engages the reader . i would recommend this book as a companion volume to the many other works dedicated to elucidating the life and work of benedict xvi ( see john allen , jr. 's `` pope benedict xvi , '' h. j. fischer 's `` pope benedict xvi : a personal portrait , '' and joseph cardinal ratzinger 's `` milestones . '' )
how do you separate a socially important film from a great film ? sure this film tackled the aids/homosexuality issue head-on but that does n't automatically make it a great film . i 'm not knocking this film , of course not . but there 's a lot of parts in it that i did n't like which maybe made it appear to be a lesser film than what it wants to be , it is or what everyone makes it out to be . andrew beckett works for a prestigious law firm working on a big account . his health declines a little bit nothing overly serious until he 's fired for apparently botching the case . turns out not only is he a homosexual but he has aids so he figures that 's why he was fired . he needs representation so he hires joe miller , a top and famous attorney who is , rather bluntly , very intolerant of gays . so they form an unlikely duo to battle a top firm while dealing with gay bashers to closet gays . one small nitpick : it seemed like anyone that is in andy 's family or friends circle is against him . there was not a lot of normal everyman citizens who supported him . a similar problem in brokeback mountain where any scene with the <NUM> men was gorgeously shot while them with their wives looked rather bland and desolate looking , complete with sad looking wives . it 's nothing that derails the film though . and i do n't know why but i never liked jonathan demme 's trademark of looking in the camera . it works for silence of the lambs but here it looks ... weird , and maybe a bit too on the nose . now tom hanks did win the award for best actor but honestly it should 've went to denzel washington who manages to be visibly struggling with his less-than-enthusiastic view on gays and the changing perspectives dealing with the case . hanks , in a way , reminds me of charlize theron who put on ugly makeup for monster . losing a crapload of weight does not automatically give you an oscar . no knock against hanks but it seems funny it went to him instead of washington . is it a watchable film ? of course , it 's quite good and performances are excellent . i do n't know whether you should blind buy it though , that 's up to you
this cd is so great . there is such a good variety of songs on here that you will be happy with listening to it over and over again . `` save a horse , ride a cowboy '' is an upbeat , witty song that will make you want to get up on the table and let loose ! well worth your money
mitchell 's writing , as stated in the reviews , takes the scholarship begun by heidegger and continued by derrida and foucault and applies it to his critique of 19th century colonialism . the ideas of deconstruction and its fight to overturn both complete objectivity and the hope of & quot ; overcoming the system & quot ; lead mitchell to demonstrate that the west and its objectivity is rooted in as much subjectivity as any other cultural perspective . it is this western rationale that brought european colonialists to impose their values and hierarchies onto the oriental system , bringing the power structures of foucault 's discourses to the fore . whatever conclusion you come to take from the book , and mitchell 's arguments are exceptionally convincing , you will certainly not leave its pages with the same mindset you entered
this is a must for mystery fans who love to think . it is in the league of columbo and mcmillan and wife . now if they will release hardcastle and mccormick on dvd , i will be a happy person
these old movies are so much fun to watch ! they are just genuine good fun !
this movie has stayed with me since i first saw it almost <NUM> years ago . i 'm very happy to have found it to add to my collection . this movie explores the complex relationship between mother and daughter . and though the story focuses on chinese mothers and their american daughters , the struggles are timeless and so is the love
lots and lots of positive and negative reviews about this record in a comparison sense to their previous work it seems . honestly , i did n't know of any personnel changes to and/or from the band prior to listening to it three times through . evanescence is the real deal . enjoy ! five stars .
like others have said this cd is much more harder than city of evil , and a little harder than waking the fallen , but still is a good cd . if your a new fan of a7x , i would suggest getting city of evil first , but don , t overlook this cd
so that 's what joie-de-vivre means . it 's really not the point whether the anecdotes are based on real facts . it 's d.v . 's attitude , her curiosity , her passion for certain things , and her irreverence for the rest is what 's most inspiring . the writing , edited by george plimpton and christopher hemphill , is wonderfully imaginative and poetic , be it about mona lisa or buffalo bill . i recommend it to anyone with an eye for details and a passion for life
yes , i have seen seventh seal many times , and it is , indeed , stark . the other night i watched the new criterion dvd i was gifted with the lights out , the sound off and volumes one and two of coil 's 'music to listen to in the dark ' popped in the stereo . i mean , once one has once seen seventh seal , there is nothing to the plot . ( i wo n't say that of the dialog because i do n't speak swedish . ) it 's like oedipus rex . this is a swedish movie . everyone in it looks swedish . ( even death ) . death is beyond anything from bill and ted , yet ( without seventh seal ) would we even have bill and ted ? i just like to watch these swedish people talk . perhaps the longest scene in the movie is shot on a beach , the horizon at mid-screen , and the entire top of the screen contains a horse , stamping , moving about , never still for but a moment . it is imagery that takes your breath away . as an image it is more than i could ever hope for , incomprehensible and compelling . add max van sydow , and , well , whatever ! it 's not a movie that you should intend to understand . it 's just beauty to watch and think about later . maybe always
beyond the quality of kelton 's stories , especially this one , is the quality of his characters . his leading character , an individualistic , independent , honest and brave rancher , is one of the most admirable people i have ever read about . this was the first kelton book i read , and i became a kelton addict . i have read and re-read this , and highly recommend it . excellent
i fell in love with the cardigans when i was <NUM> with `` lovefool . '' at the time i liked the mindless bubblegum quality , but now , <NUM> years later i 'm ( amazingly ) still in love with them , though for different reasons . they grew with me , i guess , and when i think of the music of my childhood , the cardigans are it for me . it 's crazy that after listening to them for so many years i still enjoy them so much , but their music just does n't get old . if you 're debating , just try it ! at first the blatant pop my get on your nerves , but i like it because it 's .... unapologetically pop . try dressy bessy if you like the cardigans
omg - this dvd is fantastic ! disc <NUM> is not quite as good as disc <NUM> but that does not detract from how oustanding this set is . lots of extras - some better than others . the time spent re-mastering everything was time well spent . the effort that went into this tour is mind boggling . a lot of times i just put it on and play it as background music - it even works as a 'pink floyd greatest hits ' soundtrack . sometimes my tastes do not coincide with those of my friends ( e.g . les claypool dvd ) but everyone i have played this dvd for wants their own copy . if you are a pink floyd fan - get it ! you will not be disappointed .
confused by all the hoopla around the `` natural horsemanship '' gurus these days ? find out what is the real thing by reading alois podhajsky 's `` my horses , my teachers . '' in fact , this book could be a sourcebook in human relationship , or self-help categories as well as any equine category . ap writes passionately about his relationships with his own gurus , the many horses who were lucky enough to cross paths with this kind , gentle , patient master of horsemanship . reading this book one feels as if these stories are being told face to face with this beacon of horsemasters , sitting in his living room on comfortable couches . this is a must read for any horse enthusiast !
the preface to athena and kain states that the content of the book is revolutionary , and it really is . i looked up revolutionary , and in the context used it means , & quot ; a total or radical change , as a revolution of thought. & quot ; there is no other book on greek art or myth like athena and kain . mr. johnson points out that greek sculptures appeared on public temples and other public buildings , and that mythological scenes appeared on the ancient greeks ' everyday pottery and storage jars . the average greeks understood the meaning of their myths . because of athena and kain , it is now possible for us to understand them , too
until now , i 'd not been not all that familiar or appreciative of graphic novels . i gave this book a try because i was interested in its jewish content . after reading it , i was surprised to learn that this was the first graphic novel in book form and that will eisner was a pioneer in his field . eisner 's drawings are magnificent , and the book 's content noteworthy and familiar . i like the idea of taking everyday characters and telling a story with pictures and dialogue . i especially like the tidbits of history that preceed each chapter and the amazing detail in the sketches of the tenement buildings and the scenery ( especially the falling rain ) . perhaps comics are not just for kids after all
i bought this cd for my grandson and he just loves it . i enjoyed it too . just loved all of trace adkins music on the cd
this was recorded during a tour of japan in the late 70s . roy stated that of all the albums he released this was his favorite-many of the others he refused to acknowledge . listening to this cd helps the listener understand why roy thought so highly of this album- roy was on that night and the band was tight . my only complaint is that the whole show is n't available . this is the editted show , some <NUM> minutes of the two hour event . still if your a fan of this amazing guitar player you owe it to youreself to pick this cd up along with american axe to hear this guy make that guitar cry
the stroyline of the screenplay is a little shallow , but the directing , acting , camera are all good , especially the stunt , the choregraphic design of the fight scenes are amazingly fantastic . the only problem i found in thai historical movie is the hairdo . almost every one of the male and female roles in this movie are with hairdos that only hairdressers could have done and with lot of gel used . but again , the alamo-like fighting scenes are so vicious and realistic just like what best korean movies could deliver
hey , like many of you i came to this page looking for the song that appears in both the trailer for & quot ; adaptation & quot ; and the vw commercial . the song is e.l.o 's & quot ; mr. blue sky & quot ; . i hope that can help some people out
along with belinda and the history of sir charles grandison , essential reading for all jane austen enthusiasts . in camilla you will find austen 's inspiration for many different characters and situations . the <NUM> year old heroine of the novel is burney 's most enchanting . her adventures are rich and surprising.the color of the 18th century infuses this book . bring handkerchiefs , for there is pathos aplenty , but in a pure , non-cloying form . eugenia , the stunted and unlovely but spiritually and intellectually exquisite sister of camilla provides the soul of the book . this book contains suspense , glamour , romance , great wisdom and greater folly . anyone who adores 18th c lit . will be sorry to turn the last page , though a thousand preceded it . in many ways this is burney 's happiest and most hopeful book . it was written as she was celebrating her liberation from spinsterhood into the estate of a married woman at age <NUM> . we would be very lucky if anyone ever thought to turn this one into a film
but have things really changed that much since the late forties ? this gem of a movie is a neglected classic of americana . `` a letter to three wives '' uses many of the same talents who made `` all about eve '' such a hit a year later , most notably joseph l. mankiewicz as the writer/director and celeste holm , who is present here in voice only as addie ross , the town flirt . just as three of the town 's more prominent clubwomen are about to depart on a day-long trip with underprivileged children , they receive a note from addie -- she has run off with one of their husbands . they have the whole day to think about which one it was . the jeanne crain character is insecure because she left her iowa roots and married up to one of the town gentry . the linda darnell character was `` shanty irish '' and married a department store millionaire with whom they share a rather grudging relationship . ann sothern plays a radio screenwriter who is trying to maneuver her way out of the second-best neighborhood in town into the very best . along with sharp observations about class and social climbing in small towns/suburbia , this film has sharp writing and acting and some genuinely funny moments , including a star turn from kirk douglas as a droll english teacher ( bet you thought you 'd never see him in a comedy ! ) . look for the wonderful thelma ritter as the maid from the wrong side of the tracks . all in all , `` a letter to three wives '' is a great entertainment and a welcome addition to any video collection . i have seen my copy several times and introduced it to several people .
the national treasure soundtrack is one of my favorites . it 's up-beat , and fast-paced , and very energetic . it has an interesting mix of orchestral , techno , and rock music - put together in a very creative way . it does n't have many of those moments of miscillaneous chords wandering around everywhere like alot of soundtracks i 've heard do . the only thing is that there are only a few themes and they are repeated a lot . so , listening to it to much may get you tired of those themes pretty quickly . other than that , i 've really enjoyed listening to it - and i highly reccommend it
love the series , very dramatic , acting awesome . robbie coltrane is fantastic as `` fitz '' . amazon prices are great and delivery fast . purchased all three seasons
i found this to be a good book on translating the tools of manufacturing to an office environment . it communicates all of the basics that are required . i 've attended one of this consulting group 's manufacturing classes . i found them to be dead on . i like the way they handled the accounting/cost/metric relationship to lean production . basically , the current accounting standards will cause you to do things in opposition to what lean principles will have you do . in some other office scenarios , i think this more traditional approach will not have all the pieces or tools required . i work in an industry where order entry is significantly more complex than the examples presented , a much higher degree of interaction with other players is required , and rework loops are significant part of the process ( customer driven rework ) . anitech has an approach that tracks the information flow surrounding the work process , while applying the same lean techniques that are presented in this book . tracking the information flow provides an opportunity to sort out , automate , and lean out that information flow . there is tremendous leverage in this concept
`` winged migration '' was shown on pbs not long ago . i set my vcr to tape it . not having the time to check the length of the program , i had the vcr record it for one hour . as the tape played , i became totally enthralled by the majesty , strength , and beauty of the birds , the gorgeous photography , and perfectly accompanying music . then the taping cut off . the program had been one and one-half hours . i was missing the last half hour . far from being disappointed , however , it was a blessing in disguise . for this film is so extraordinary that a mere taping from cable does n't do it justice and i decided to buy the dvd if available . i searched pbs ; they did n't offer it . next stop : amazon . sure enough , they had it , and it arrived two days ago . the dvd is so magical i ca n't stop watching it . plus my purchase helps support these wonderful people who created this tribute to the wonderful birds . i have now returned to amazon to buy * five * more as gifts . i know i will be giving family and friends a wonderful experience when i give them a dvd of `` winged migration . '' it is an experience not to be missed
i had seen this video some while past and was looking to let a fried enjoy this humor , the video is super funny and quite well directed for such a different type of entertainment , this is a must see for all of billy bob lovers , get lost in the country for a couple of hours . this movie will entertain all medical marijuana advacates as well as show the value of the statement [ legalize and tax it ] hope you like it as much as myself and a few chosen friends at a gathering of like minded peopl
ill wind by nevada barr is the third book in her anna pigeon series , and the fourth book that i 've read . the more i read of barr , the more impressed i am with her mysteries . national park service ranger , anna pigeon , finds herself working in mesa verde national park , home of the anasazi ruins . this is a delicate assignment , trying to share the park with the public , while protecting the delicate ruins . when bad things start happening , one of the park employees claim it is the chindi ( or spirits ) of the anasazi , who are protesting the desecration of their sacred sites . each of these events is preceded by the appearance of a `` spirit veil '' over the ruins the night before . but when a fellow ranger is found dead under mysterious circumstances , the national park service calls in agent frederick stanton of the fbi . there are many theories as to what is happening in mesa verde . although unhappy spirits are not ruled out , the lack of truthfulness with almost everyone involved makes for lots of suspicious characters . pigeon and stanton work together to a thrilling conclusion . as with tony hillerman , i enjoy barr 's novels in that they teach the reader something new with each book . with ill wind , we not only learn more about the nps , but also , the mysterious anasazi and the ruins they left behind . it 's an unsolved mystery why this civilization lived here for <NUM> years , and then disappeared without a trace . we also learn more about ranger anna pigeon with each book . i would have given it five stars if it had n't dragged a bit at the beginning . still , i have already started reading another barr , flashback .
just in case you had any doubts , this collection of essays ( dating from <NUM> to <NUM> ) is clearly a major archive of achievement , demonstrating stroud 's preminence in american philosophy . here is his articles in epistemology , which touch upon various topics : foundationialism , scepticism , and transcendental arguments . stroud pays close attention to the challenges philosophical scepticism offers any theory of knowledge , and highlights just how skepticism is a serious problem in contemporary philosophy . he is also careful to argue for the & quot ; invulnerability & quot ; of certain thoughts and experiences
the social convulsion of the seventies affected all the layers of the family ; many men simply gave up and many women had to face the life with major realism and mercurial energy . the pivot in this sense might be found in the legendary cult movie of john cassavetes : `` a woman under the influence '' , but the raising of such talented actresses on stage such as jane fonda , glenda jackson , catherine deneuve , rommy schneider , hanna schygulla , liv ullman , julie christie , vanessa redgrave , sally field , jill clayburgh , diane keaton , or ellen burstyn were far to be a mere casualty ; they responded to a vision of a world in crisis at different levels , emotional , affective and existential . jill clayburgh ( one of my everlasting favorite american actresses ) will undertake the exigent task of facing her own life after his husband walks out on her . one of the top american movies of the seventies !
i have read nearly all of mr. walsch 's books . the cwg series is the world 's wake up call . you must have an open mind to be able to see the true depth of this series . at one time , i used to believe as the naysayers . then i started to wake up and truely see the illusion , for what it really is . people find that the hardest thing to accept is that what we truely believe in may not have been presented through the generations correctly . people have a hard time accepting that any belief , great or small , may not be totally correct . the closed minded will never see this . the wise and opened mined person will . i highly admire mr. walsch for revealing to the world , what he transscribed from his conversations with god . i truely and deeply believe what he has written . i believe because i can now see , for when before i could not . his works are far from rubbish . most believe the bible in it 's present form must be accepted as is . i submit , where is the version of the bible before it was ordered to be edited by emperor constitine in <NUM> ? do you want the truth ? simply by learning to meditate on a daily basis , will allow everyone see that we are here to recreate ourselves anew in greatest version of the grandest vision of who we really are . only if you are truly honest with yourself and learn meditation , you will then believe in these treasured works . i recommend `` spiritual breakthrough '' by john van auken to learn meditation . it 's the how to guide to reach the consciousness of god
the movie was awesome . it had a great story line . also it takes you back to the late <NUM> 's and the early <NUM> 's . spike lee definitly did a good job with the clothing , the scenary , and the music . it is a great family movie
the `` thief lord '' is a wonderful contemporary story full of loss , beauty , adventure and a little bit of magic . cornelia funke 's book has one several literary prizes and even bumped harry potter off the best sellers list in germany and northern europe for a time . it never talks down to kids and is engaging to adults as well . the imagery of venice is dead-on ( just like i remembered ) and the characters ( prosepero , scipio ) are richly portrayed . this is a story that is light on the fantastic but heavy on imagery and imagination just like the classics ! the main protaganists are boys but boys and girls can enjoy this book equally as there are a few standout female characters also . geared to young readers 8-12 and also adults
i 'll start off with the thing that will get me unhelpful votes , but it needs to be said . i 've heard very few songs by kmfdm so my introduction to lucia came in the form of revolver magazine . without ever truly hearing her voice i decided to get from the land of volcanos . that was nearly a month ago and this cd is still in heavy rotation . this has been one of those cds to escape with . for the <NUM> and some odd second running time , you 're in a completely different place . lucia 's voice and the lush melodies sweep over you and you lose all sense of time . few cds do that so to find one that does it , and so successfully at that , is quite the relief . whether the song is of the harder variety or just as relaxing as can be , at no point does this record stall , it moves swiftly , which is , ironically , my only gripe with it as well . from the very beginning of so clever i figured i was in for quite a ride . so clever is just a solid song , nothing more . breathy vocals through the verses turn into an ear catching chorus . i do n't care has some of the best lyrics on the disc , plus the chorus pretty much soars . fear is a lyrically driven song . it serves as a true highlight as well . feels like summer is probably my second favorite featured . 'instant classic ' comes to mind whenever i hear it . a pulsating beat with some pretty intense moments only serve the song more justice . what you become has a nin feel to it with a repetative chorus , not my favorite but good for a few listens . who asked you creeps along with a certain sensuality to it . i will goes down as my favorite song featured . the chorus is irresistable , that 's basically what it boils down to . monkey puzzle tree kind of grated my nerves at first but now i really like it . nice lyrics and excellent chorus . ordinary girl rounds out the true cd nicely . the chorus is kind of eery due completely to lucia 's vocals . i love the pace of this song . the kmfdm verson of monkey puzzle tree strikes me as more of a reprise than a remix . either way , it 's still a great song . my favorite songs are so clever , fear , feels like summer , i will , and ordinary girl . if you 're like me and have n't been properly introduced to lucia , well this is the perfect way . this cd is truly amazing and i can only hope that when i venture into kmfdm 's catalog that they 'll impress me as much as lucia has with from the land of volcanos
as an academic , i 'm supposed to tell you how snyder destroyed romero 's original message about consumerism . and i 'm supposed to tell you that he rewrote one of the most important lines of the film : when asked why the zombies are flocking to the mall , stephen replies , `` some kind of instinct . memory , of what they used to do . this was an important place in their lives . '' synder 's alteration is a bastardization of the original . . . and lacks `` punch . '' but , seriously , who cares ? ! ! the fact of the matter is . . . i love this film ! the casting was fantastic ! ! rhames brings depth to a character in which few actors could find depth ( he portrays a stoic police officer who 's brother is trapped on an infected military-base ) . this man is a legend ! ! likewise polly and weber add `` soul '' to this film about the `` souless '' ( their characters find love amidst the bloody carnage . . . and , yes , it sounds cheesy , but it is low-key , well-done ) . furthermore , burrell 's character is wonderfully unlikeable ( though it is the `` apocalypse , '' he still believes that his bank-account grants him privilege ! you actually find yourself hoping that this guy will die ! ! ) finally , kelly 's portrayal of cj is genuinely complex . . . watch for a great `` fifth-act conversion '' ! ! what really engaged me in this film was the cinematography . while a film need not have a huge budget to be a success , this film proves that it does n't hurt either ! ! the film quality is top-notch ! ! the helicopter shots are gorgeous ! ! and the use of color is exquisite . if you want to see a beautifully rendered horror-film , this is it ! ! the conclusion is disheartening ( without revealing too much information ) . it marks a new trend in horror . now , the `` real '' conclusion is couched in the credits . . . which reveals the director 's hesitance ( and , no , it 's not a tactic to make the audience watch the credits ) . it is radically different from the <NUM> ending . some people love it . . . some hate it . ( we have also seen this `` problem '' with boyle 's <NUM> days later . . . in america we received the `` happy '' ending and weeks later , the `` unhappy '' ending . . . directors rightly fear to offer a genuinely dark ending . . . it will be interesting to watch how this trend evolves ! ! ) hey , even if you do n't dig close-examination of film ( not everyone does ! ! ) and just want a great action movie . . . this is it ! ! it will not disappoint ! ! ! and prepare for synder 's new film : <NUM> ! ! it looks dazzling !
al pacino had appeared in `` the godfather '' , but was not yet the film icon that he started to become , in part , because of `` serpico '' . francisco serpico was an honest italian cop - courageously honest . when he saw widespread corruption among new york cops everywhere he was offered the opportunity to participate in the payoffs that the police were receiving left and right . initially , serpico simply abstained . the corrupt cops became of suspicious of serpico - at one point in the film he is told `` who can trust a cop who wo n't take a payoff ? '' because of his dedication to honest police work and a burning desire to `` do the right thing '' serpico goes from a non-participant in the graft to actively fighting it . he is understandably frustrated over and over when his reports to the police authorities are met with not much more than `` you 're doing a good job , frank , keep up the good work and we 'll reach out for you when the time is right '' . the right time never arrives and serpico , prodded by his friend bob blair ( played by tony roberts ) , brings his complaints outside of the department - first to the mayor 's office , then finally to the new york times . serpico is treated by his fellow police officers initially as an eccentric goody-goody , then later subjected to death threats . the film is bookended by a sequence in serpico 's life when he is transferred to a narcotics division then probably set-up for assassination . the point-blank bullet that serpico 's partners lead him into does n't kill him and frank is alive today , lecturing at police academies and for organizations interested in having a `` lamp lighter '' - giving support to those who have the inclination , but perhaps not the courage , to speak up about things that are plain wrong . now , thinking about the film later , i wonder what was going on in the minds of the other policemen . presumably , many of them did n't want to be crooked cops . certainly the `` extra '' money that they received was tempting - perhaps they looked at those extra dollars as compensation for what was not a lot of pay in a dangerous profession . serpico is one of the most visible examples of someone `` doing the right thing '' against incredible odds , even as his life was threatened . this is a good story that needs to be told and sidney lumet and al pacino tell it well
this is a really great movie . and another one of the many , many great movies by the late toshiro mifune . it is both a comedy and an action movie rolled into one . enough has already been written by so many reviewers about this movie that i do n't think i could add any more but to say that this belongs in every cinema collection . thank goodness it is part of the criterion collection . kurosawa definetly had a sense of humor when he made this movie . with mifune selling his services to both of the warring clans , you know there 's going to be hell to pay . this film never disappoints the viewer , and after years of repeated viewing , it never disappoints me . highly recommended
not a remake of the <NUM> detective film with the same title , this one stars nick nolte and julia roberts as two competing chicago newspaper reporters who meet while investigating a mysterious train crash . they eventually untangle a conspiracy involving corrupt scientists and cancer causing goat milk . the film is intended as an homage to howard hawks ' comedies like `` his girl friday '' and `` bringing up baby , '' but due to the seriousness of the crime and lack of chemistry between the two leads , midway through starts feeling more like `` silkwood . '' husband and wife team charles shyer and nancy meyers previously milked the forties screwball comedy formula with `` father of the bride , '' but there are too many unsettling red herrings and not enough real love to make this one worth struggling through
oreja de van gogh really 's beyond comparison . i recommend it to anyone who enjoys imports as much as i do . its really a mix of pop , rock , ska , raggae , electronica , and ballads . i got this cd thinking it would have the song & quot ; cuidate & quot ; in it , without even checking on the back , but i was n't disappointed when i realized it was the wrong cd . & quot ; cuentame al oido & quot ; is simply mesmorizing , and & quot ; viejo cuento & quot ; and & quot ; dile al sol & quot ; are really cool too . listen to the entire cd .. it 's good for a variety of moods . enjoy
this disney is right up there with the tops , like 'lady and the tramp ' . it should not be missed . the annimation is wonderful and the characters fabulous , such as the voice of candy candido as 'fidget ' , and of course vincent price , who is priceless as professor ratigan . everyone will love it !
... it might have been . '' in the early to mid <NUM> 's , many studios were churning out comedies , perhaps more so in an effort to get people past those old post war blues , but few did it as well or consistently as the british ealing studios ( in my humble opinion ) , helped immensely by the talents of alec guinness ... what ? ! alec guinness a comedic actor ? the same alec guinness who starred in such serious films as the bridge on the river kwai ( <NUM> ) , lawrence of arabia ( <NUM> ) , doctor zhivago ( <NUM> ) , and a passage to india ( <NUM> ) ? yes , it seemed by the end of the <NUM> 's , guinness had pretty much dedicated himself to more serious parts , but not altogether as he later appeared in the fantastic comedy murder by death ( <NUM> ) , which i recommend to anybody in search of a truly good laugh . while many consider the lavender hill mob ( <NUM> ) to be one of the best of the guinness/ealing comedies , i 'm partial to one of their later films , the ladykillers ( <NUM> ) , which was recently remade by the coen brothers and featured tom hanks ( i 've have n't seen it yet , but i heard not so good things about it ) . directed by charles crichton ( the titfield thunderbolt , a fish called wanda ) , the film stars , along with guinness , stanley holloway ( nicholas nickleby , passport to pimlico ) . also appearing is sid james ( the <NUM> steps , upstairs and downstairs ) and alfie bass ( the fearless vampire killers , revenge of the pink panther ) . this comedic caper begins in a tropical setting , where we meet a man named henry holland ( guinness ) , who seems quite popular probably because of the fact he 's pretty free with his money . he thus begins to relate a tale to another man , taking us into a flashback that makes up the rest of the film and we learn holland , prior to being a somewhat well to do philanthropist sort in south america , actually came from humble beginnings as in a previous life he was a mild mannered bank worker , responsible for regularly escorting gold shipments from the smelting facility ( that 's where they take the raw gold and turn it into bars ) , to the bank . his coworkers and superiors look upon him as a quiet , by the book sort with no ambition , imagination , or initiative , as ` his one and only virtue is honesty ' . and that 's exactly the way holland likes it ... especially since he aspires to one day steal one of shipments of gold and live out his days well beyond his current means . the only problem is , once stolen , gold bars are extremely difficult to transfer into cash ... but a solution soon presents itself in the form of a new tenant to the boarding house holland resides , one named alfred pendlebury ( holloway ) ... the name of the tenant , not the boarding house ... mr. pendlebury just happens to operate a modest die casting business , one whose specialty is producing paperweights , one perfectly suited for holland 's needs . soon the die is cast ( so to speak ) , and the pieces are in place , but , as everyone knows , even the best-laid plans are subject to disaster once in the implementation stage as the human element is always the most unpredictable . as i said before , of all the guinness/ealing comedies , i prefer the ladykillers most of all , probably due to the darker tone of the material and more outlandish nature of the characters , but that 's not to say this film is n't of superior quality , as it won an academy award for best writing , story and screenplay , and earned guinness his first nomination ( gary cooper won for his role in high noon ) . one of things i like most about these older comedies is they do n't pander to the lowest common denominator in terms of comedic content , but rather speak to the audience with respect , maintaining a consistent level of intelligence not so often seen nowadays ... but that 's not to say this could n't be enjoyed by anyone . i had originally seen this film quite a number of years ago , and appreciated it for the more visual elements as opposed to last night when i enjoyed the more subtle aspects due to a general understanding one usually gains with maturity . regardless , this is one of those films where everything works well together to bring about a wonderful story . the direction is exceptionally strong and wastes none of the films lean <NUM> minutes running time . guinness is about as good as you 'll ever see him , fostering a belief that he is , now and forever , the meticulous , level-headed , slightly devious character of henry holland ( at least until his next film ) , but is certainly assisted ( nearly upstaged ) by his costar holloway , the romantic character , yearning to express his artistic nature , stifled by the drudgery of actually having to earn a living through the mass production of tourist souvenirs . there are any number of wonderful scenes and sequences presented throughout the film , but two come to my mind as being my favorites . one features mr. pendlebury moving into the boarding house where holland lives , and holland learning of pendlebury 's profession which sets in motion him gingerly broaching the possibility of utilizing pendlebury 's die casting business as a means to process the stolen booty . holland and pendlebury , both eventually on the same page , begin almost convincing each other and themselves of the very real possibility that it can be done ... the other is the scene where holland and pendlebury go about enlisting a couple of extra , but necessary , members for the gang , as the gold shipment is too much for the two of them to handle themselves . it 's not like you can put an ad out in the paper for such a thing , so they utilize a very unique method to contact prospective applicants . and there 's a bonus ! if you love classic movies , you 'll be in for a treat ... watch for the appearance of a minor character , played by a soon to be legendary actress , about three or four minutes into the film ... yes , that 's who you think it is ... but do n't blink , or you 'll miss it ... anchor bay entertainment provides a very clean and clear full screen ( original aspect ratio ) picture on this dvd , with a decent dolby digital mono audio . special features include an original theatrical trailer , and an extensive alec guinness biography and liner notes . by the way , i heard there is a remake of this film in the works , scheduled to be released in <NUM> ... i guess time will tell if it 's any good or not , but the way i see it , what 's the point ? i hardly see how they could improve upon the original ... cookieman108 by the way , there is , as i write this , an alec guinness dvd set offered by anchor bay entertainment featuring five of his early comedies , including this one , offered at a price that is cheaper than purchasing these dvds separately , so if you 're interested , it might be worth looking into ...
one of my top fave rasputina albums . tons of great songs , very few joke songs , and great art work
this is the first plumb cd that i have purchased . i suspect it wo n't be the last . the vocals and overall musical quality is appealing and quite catchy . the lead singer 's voice is really very good . lyrically , it is good . most of the songs are not very clearly christian . one exception is their remake of michael w. smith 's 'pray for me ' , which is great . others have lyrics that occasionally allude to christian topics such as , ' i ca n't do this ' . there is one line that says , ' i ca n't do this . i ca n't do this by myself . oh god , i need your help . ' in spite of the overall lack of christian oriented lyrics , which i prefer , there is nothing objectionable about the wording in these songs . i will likely check out another one of their cds . this one is very good and seems better each time i listen to it
this is the first art book i have purchased and i am glad to say it was a wonderful buy . the orientalists is a book full of astounding images and rich prose . the author has written an art book anyone , including a lamen like me , can enjoy reading . how many people actually read books on art , i would venture to guess that most would simply place a book of art on the coffee table and occasionaly glance at it . however , i was unable to put this book down . i found a greater satisfaction in reading orientalists than reading most other books . i learned so much about the rich history of this particular art and strongly reccomend any avid readers to buy this book . you will not regret it ! ! !
i 've already read this book <NUM> years before . at that time i was a seminarian and very interested in the catechesis . when i finished this book , i had to change my focus from the boring knowledge to the wondering life . he presented <NUM> steps from the abundant sources of philosophical , psychological , educational , and religious theories . now i have been ordained to being a priest . i am re-reading this book . there are lots of needs to be changed in my attitude for education as before . this book is a kind of mirror for correcting my makeup . life is always more important than any others . our story and vision of life should be effected by jesus story and vision of life . thomas gives us an appropriate method . on the other hand , i think this book should be revised for practical needs . frankly , it 's really hard yet to get understanding
not only has this professor studied the country of iraq , he has studied its language and its history . unlike many authors writing about iraq , he has lived there . he was also a policy advisor during the kennedy administration . given this , he has a better perspective than most who have written about it . in highlighting linguistics , polk points out that not understanding the language will inevitably lead to misunderstanding , which will in turn lead to bad decisions . further , by highlighting the history of the country , he underlines the good times and the bad , and in doing so , he points out what is likely to happen . the last part of the book discusses the current situation in iraq and the united states ' involvement . here , the author applies the history and language to show what can be expected . however , part of this also goes into critique . regardless on your take of the united states ' presence in iraq , this book is a good primer for understanding iraq
i first read snow country more than <NUM> years ago and it has haunted me ever since . periodically i have to re-read it to see how age has affected my understanding . like most of kawabata 's work snow country is a love story emphasizing , in restrained evocations , the evanescence of life and happiness . shimamura , the central character of snow country , is a tokyo dilittante who breaks his ennui through his liaison with komako , a geisha and denizen of the hill country near niigata . but his search for relief from his moral tedium succombs to his inability to have anything but aesthetic appreciation ; he senses but he does not seem to feel . it is komako 's hopelessness amidst her instinctive love for shimamura that makes this story so compelling . shimamura 's ironic detachment from life , evident in his wholly aesthetic perspectives on everything ranging from western ballet ( something of which though he has never viewed he has exhaustive knowledge ) to pastoral vistas and the methodical attentions of a hotspring geisha , prevents him from feeling the love komako throws at him . komako herself is confined to what the japanese call the mizushobai , or the `` floating existence . '' this `` water-like '' life of women who earn their living through paid companionship in bars and resorts gives them a certain degree of freedom but can also resign them to loneliness and most often does . while shimamura is attracted to komako , her status combined with his aesthetic perspective of her as a woman of the mizushobai dooms the affair as he takes to admiring a younger geisha called yoko . it took kawabata nearly <NUM> years to craft this story into its final form . that long attention to writing the novel pays huge dividends . snow country is certainly one of the masterpieces of japanese literature , and it is the story that won yasunari kawabata the nobel prize
i 'm one of those people who did n't really * know * anything about beck . oh sure i knew his hits - `` loser '' , `` where it 's at '' , `` the new pollution '' et al . just never really thought much about the guy . until ... about three months ago when i downloaded a couple tracks from this album from napster2go ... '' e pro '' and `` girl '' . after giving them a few listens i downloaded the entire guero album not long thereafter . i do n't know what to say that has n't already been said by a lot of others here- it 's been voted one of the best of <NUM> for a reason . this is an awesome album . during a looong road trip i played some of the tracks for my better half and he gradually got addicted ... starting with `` earthquake weather '' . now it 's not only this album but pretty much the entire beck catalog for the two of us : ) even the songs i started out being `` meh '' about grew on me ( and hubby ) big time . just a great album ... musicianship is spot on , and beck definitely has a strong sense of humor mixed with a healthy dose of irony ! the tracks which are standouts ( at least in our opinion ) are e-pro ( great kick start to the album ) ; que onda ' guero ( love the lowrider horns throughout , along with the `` hey ! guero ! '' random shouts ) ; girl ( catchy ... this should have been a huge hit ... ) ; earthquake weather ( haunting melody , great riff ! ) , hell yes ( hai ! ) ; and i really love rental car ... just a cute little song - way too short ... also catchy riff and verses ! do check this album out . absolutely a gem
this story of the battle for new orleans is interesting and extremely well written . it is not one of those deeply detailed scholarly works that drags on and on with details that you are not particularly interested in . mr. groom quickly lays out the facts of the matter . what he does best is make the historical figures in his book come alive for the reader . andrew jackson , no matter what his faults , truly loved the united states and was more than willing , almost eager , to risk his life for his country . and , at the battle of new orleans , with the future of the united states at risk , a pirate/privateer named jean laffite took the side of andy jackson . the battle they fought together , alongside the people of new orleans , is amazing . this briskly written book will tell you about some fantastic and tragically brave people
perhaps the best feature of this book is that it aims to convey the theory of lie algebras and lie groups to physicists . in doing so , the author is careful to give a very simplistic approach so that one not familiar with the subject can understand it . not to say that the book is elementary , since it builds rapidly into the far more interesting aspects of lie groups . a very good read
this is probably i think the third in the j-horror series being realeased by lgf by the creater of infection & premonition . good continuation of the series so far . think of it like the twilight zone type of movie series . plus for trailers of this fine movie you can visit . [ ...
this is the best cd i have heard in a long time . even some bums on the street heard me listening to it in my car and just had to ask what it was . r.l burnside and lyrics born are a unique and fabulous collaboration
this is a must-have cd for any parent who likes introducing the simple joys of great music to their kids . my mom and dad ( both in their late sixties ) enjoy listening , too , and my child can ask her grandmother about other songs from `` back in the day . '' get the book , too ! nicky 's really big personality shines through as he rubs elbows , er-paws , with some jazz heavy-hitters . your child will love the photos and will also discover some great new vocabulary words like bop-a-re-bop . the cd and book have proven to be a great gift combo . take a listen and enjoy !
if you overlook the dreary hedy lamarr plot , there 's a lot to savor in this picture : garland 's singing , of course , which includes an early and very funny bit of self-parody when she belts the `` showstopper '' version of `` i 'm only chasing rainbows . '' note the look on garland 's face when papa/vaudeville veteran charles winninger orders her to `` give it all you 've got ! '' judy seems about to say , `` well , you asked for it ... '' my only disappointment is that she is assigned the negligible tune `` minnie from trinidad '' as her <NUM> o'clock number . lana turner 's performance as a gone-to-hell-in-a-handbasket showgirl/boozer . campiest moment in the film is when judy is assigned to keep lana sober ! lana 's final promenade down the stairs ( to yet one more reprise of `` you walked out of a dream '' ) is worth the price of the dvd -- this is what star quality is all about . there are also some very funny bits from edward everett horton and eve arden -- which made me wonder why la arden did n't turn up among all the other ladies in the women , lensing at metro about the same time as this pic . oh , and one other thing : do you notice that this film has almost the identical plot to valley of the dolls -- with lana in the neely o'hara part
alistair horne 's epic about verdun is one of the best history books i have ever read . he provides detailed information with the style which makes all the facts flow . not only does he detail the battle itself , but takes time out to describe the adventures of a german sergeant kunze who infiltrates forts douaumont . what makes this chapter different is the almost minute by minute retelling of the soldier 's activities . he actually stops to eat in a fort surrounded by the enemy with prisoners he captured locked in a broom closet ! i have previously read how far from austerlitz ? by horne and enjoyed it as much as verdun . this book is the second in a three part trilogy covering the franco-prussian war ( the fall of paris ) and world war ii ( to lose a battle france <NUM> ) all definitely worth the time to read .
i thought the <NUM> world series collector 's edition was really terrific . i enjoyed every second of it . it really caught all the emotion and suspense of four great ball games . this is one i will be watching over and over again . anyone who is a fan of baseball and particularly a fan of the chicago white sox will want to have this collector 's edition . the <NUM> world series was a great one
it is a big step forward in cutting edge presentation of xc images and educational materials . combining loads of hot shot footage and a pumping alt.rock soundtrack , both the video and dvd are a perfect presentation or backdrop to a club potluck , overnight trip , or snow dance party . mostly promotional in nature rather than oriented to technique , that is enough right there to separate this beast from the pack . there is something for just about anyone . the dvd puts them eons ahead of the rest of the xc pack ) has tons of extra goodies . a great time-eater on airplanes destined to get your whole area of the plane craning their necks ( we know , we tried it : - ) . - cross country ski world and american cross country skiers finalist at the banff mountain film festival and chosen by vancouver international mountain film festival in `` best of the fest '' tour . `` awesome x-c ski video '' - cross country canada `` technically , it 's excellent . this video offers great angles and exciting action shots . it gives you an entertaining look at the world of cross country skiing . while skiing converts will love it , it 's sure to draw others to the sport . '' - lynne bermel , ranked 3rd overall ironman triathlon world cup `` action ; special effects ; artistic , great script ; actors .... sounds like a hollywood film , but those are what describe xczone 's newest action packed x-country skiing movie high velocity . there is no other like it ! '' - sharon donnelly , olympian , panam gold medalist triathlon `` it is wonderful great piece of work ! '' - dominique larocque , national champion in mountain biking and in-line skating `` in the zone , on the snow ... excellent footage ... the scenery is really incredible ... with fast flying action . '' - adelsman 's cross country ski newsletter `` on snow would appear to be the best to hit the market in years . '' - john nabors , new york state ski racing association , nordic division `` has cross-country skiing found its warren miller ? '' - winter sport business magazine `` a x-c movie extrordinaire ! '' - cross country canada `` very impressed . a masterful job in capturing the feeling , rhythm , and adrenaline rush of cross country skiing ... a really excellent package. `` - john nabors , new york state ski racing association , nordic division `` covers skiing in a fun , entertaining way . i recommend it highly . '' - lynne bermel , third ranked in the world for ironman distance , triathlon `` excellent fun . '' - chantal cote , olympic speed skater `` motivating and powerful. `` - johanne lacas , olympic athlete , volleyball `` i thoroughly enjoyed it . '' - shirley lister , national team , white water kayaking `` ... good all round . '' - richard weber , skiing hall of fame honor role
warning- anybody whom carol burnett does not reduce to rolling giggles in `` lovely '' had better get terms from the nearest undertaker
this is my favorite of her two albums and one of my favorite cds in my entire collection . i love devitional music , and this album is totally upbeat with tastefully interwoven flamenco guitar , indian percussion , tablas , among more modern sounding back-beats , and dance grooves . perfect for meditation , yoga , and even just getting inspired . to me this album has a whole lot of aries/libra balance about it . it has a very freedom love feeling about it and yet it is very clear , balanced and awake . this album , i hated the first time i listened to it ! so i sold it . the second time i listened to it , i was absoluetly shocked to love it , and it is now one of my most favorite albums , and more frequently listened to , without ever getting sick of it . maybe that is how i love it so much . somehow this album merged with me in a non-conscious way , and totally snuck up on me ! wow , a very magical abum of peace and freedom in devotional modern style~ very very highly recommended .
should you ever meet someone who 's ranting about `` the eighties '' and the supposedly `` bad '' music of that decade ... just put on this great record ! the songs are well crafted , perfectly recorded and the whole album is absolutely not `` trendy '' . with that i mean that you could never tell it was made in <NUM> . clearly you can spot it 's not from the seventies ... but listening back to it , now , i notice how it has n't aged a bit ! ... and it features the most classic lineup of the band ! you just could n't ask for more ! ! ; -
the film is fantastic for all baseball lovers , history lovers , and anyone who wishes to escape for a few hours . no baseball fan should miss this one
it 's a really nice album . you can listen to it for hours without getting tired . the style of morcheeba is unique and is getting better and more sophisticated with the time . i strongly recommend it as an icon of pop music for this <NUM>
for all those who may not know , kendall payne was unjustifiably cut from capitol several years ago and was out of the music scene for quite some time . she has recently re-emerged with a brilliant independent cd , appropriately titled grown . check out kendallpayne.com for details or buy it directly at cdbaby.com . this artist needs signed again and deserves worldwide exposure . grown is a very , very good album that without question exceeds what she brought out five years ago with jordan 's sister . it 's very well produced , very well written , very catchy and also very heartbreaking . she 's got all she had on jordan 's sister and more on the new cd , including a track that she did with lifehouse 's jason wade that has a very nice vibe and distinctly lifehouse feel . check it out , and send this artist back to the frontlines
two months before billy higgins ' death , the drummer & amp ; charles lloyd say their musical farewells with the tapes rolling ( courtesy lloyd 's partner dorothy darr , who also made a film of proceedings ) . they play sax/drums duets ( lloyd mostly on alto , in fitting homage to ornette coleman , though he also plays excellent traneish tenor on three tracks ) ; they perform exotic woodwind/percussion duets , with lloyd on tibetan oboe or flute ; higgins plays guimbri ( the 3-stringed instrument used in gnawa music ) , sings gently ( & amp ; rather dodgily ) in a variety of languages , even plays a blues on the guitar or does a 1960sish paean to love called & quot ; take a chance & quot ; ; lloyd adds short meditations at the piano . some of these tracks do n't mean much outside the context of this session -- the piano solos get a bit too samey , & amp ; there 's too much voice'n'guitar ( though the blues is rather nice ) . others are superb -- the two long alto/drums duos ( one on each disc ) are great stuff , & amp ; lloyd 's tenor pieces are also superb ( there 's a nice traneish blues on disc <NUM> ) . the more exotic pieces are often quite ravishing . i suppose that many listeners will for sentimental reasons like having all this stuff , the unalloyed good tracks as well as those that only acquire real significance in the face of higgins ' own personal tragedy . i 'm less sentimental when it comes to what goes on my stereo : i could have wished for a carefully selected single cd of the highlights , which would have been a genuinely outstanding disc . four stars as a compromise rating seems about right . this is n't a disc for the casual listener , but for those willing to bear with a few qualitative dips & amp ; peaks , it 'll prove a rewarding release
decent album here by ludacris . i actually give this album about a 3.75 rating . i liked ludacris older tracks/albums better . but this one is decent , for southern music that is . i think the production on this album is pretty good , gots some good beats here n there , some tracks are garbage , most are pretty good . lyric wise , he does good on some tracks , some his lyrics are garbage . got ta watch out . if your a fan of ludacris , i dont find a reason why you wouldnt like this album . half of it is good , half of it aint that good . check it out before you cop it . but its good for southern tastes . my top <NUM> songs 1.hard times 2.screwed up 3.hip hop quotables 4.teamwork 5.we go
what a warm gift . thanks faith ! ! this cd was well coordinated and crafted . the kind of cd you bake cookies , cut greens , make pies , kiss and hug family , kids , while playing .
i have been listening to this record for about <NUM> years , so when this newly engineered release came out i was eager to hear the new tracks . they are stunning . i once loved a boy is especially tender and tinged with that slightly bitter , ineffable joan baez melancholy that no other singer i know of in folk music has captured . there is and has been no other voice like this in popular music . listen to this cd and you will put down every other singer songwriter du jour for a long while . this is in another dimension
& quot ; trucks , & quot ; by byron barton , is an educational treat for the youngest readers . a very simple text accompanies colorful illustrations of many kinds of trucks . we see a garbage truck , delivery truck , tow truck , dump truck , cement mixer , and more . the artwork of this book is distinctive : the crisp illustrations have an almost mathematical precision to them , and are rich in contrasting colors . i give the book an enthusiastic recommendation
i 've loved this cd ever since we got it at my college radio station ... sarge definitely knows how to rock ! at the same time , the band shows good range so each song does n't sound the same . i especially love the lyrics , which express a spectrum of raw emotion and real-life issues , from a girl 's revenge for getting gang-raped to thoughts on & quot ; how far is too far ? & quot ; . the vocals are never overpowered by the music ( which says a lot because the music is definitely kickass )
the bfg is a children 's book written by roald dahl , who wrote such classics as charlie and the chocolate factory , matilda , and james and the giant peach , and illustrated by quentin blake . the book was published in <NUM> and immediately became popular amongst children and adults . the book won the federation of children 's book groups award in <NUM> ( uk ) , and was named one of the `` best books of the past <NUM> years '' by the uk 's good book guide in <NUM> . the story is about an orphan girl named sophie who , one night when she ca n't sleep , looks out her window to see a creepy looking giant blowing something into the windows where other children sleep . when the giant looks her right in the eye , sophie jumps to her bed , and hides under her blanket only to be snatched by the giant and taken away to his home . it turns out that the scary giant is none other than the bfg , or the big friendly giant , the only giant amongst the frightening human-eating giants who is a good giant , who satisfies his hunger on weird vegetables known as the snozzcumbers and drinks a delicious fizzy drink known as the frobscottle , which has bubbles that travel downwards that makes the drinker break wind instead of burp . the other giants are named the fleshlumpeater , the bonecruncher , the manhugger , the childchewer , the meatdripper , the gizzardgulper , the maidmasher , the bloodbottler , and the butcher boy . when sophie asks the bfg about what he does at night , he reveals his secret of blowing bottled dreams , nice dreams , into the windows of children 's bedrooms , something the other giants have no knowledge of . when he catches a nightmare , he destroys it so that nobody will ever have to experience it . sophie and the bfg become friends , and team up to rid the giant country and the world from the evil giants . so , the bfg mixes a dream showing what the giants do , which in turn becomes the worst nightmare the bfg had ever encountered , and takes it to buckingham palace and blows it into the queen 's bedroom , and leaves sophie on the windowsill , for the dream includes the knowledge that she would be there when the queen wakes up . when the queen awakens after the frightful dream , she believes sophie 's story , speaks to the bfg , and works along with sophie and the bfg to eliminate the child-eating giants . the bfg is a character that the reader will automaticaly like . his unusual features , and nonsensical vocabulary , are both funny and very appealing to children as well as adults . sophie is the young orphan girl who does an outstanding thing ( saving the world from the evil giants ) , a theme that had been used by dahl in other books like matilda . the book was very easy to read , and extremely amusing . dahl 's style and imaginative bfg dialogue tends to make children laugh and attempt to imitate . the story may also give the children a sense of fear or suspense ( the description of the evil giants and what they do ) . of course , the best thing about the bfg is the theme of good versus evil . it also shows that not just because someone might look unusual or scary means that that someone or thing is evil . in other words , you ca n't judge others by what they look like or how they look , but you can judge them only by their actions ; a very useful lesson of life for children . important note : some elements in the book may be offensive to some ethnic readers ( greeks , turks amongst others ) . recommended
the book arrived in good condition , and is indeed a hip-pocket sized book
i 've been a big fan of three <NUM> 's work as a convict and w/blac monks , but dude def . can put it down on his own . took me forever to finally get a copy of this record , but it was worth the wait . plenty of laid back flow from tre deuce on beats from houston legends john bido & mike dean . if you can ever manage to find this album for a reasonable price , i'de recommend coppin ' it
steve schirripa 's `` the goomba diet '' does for italian cuisine what `` the da vinci code '' does for catholicism -- the only difference is that once the pope reads schirripa 's book , he 's going to make steve an official saint . following in the tradition of his previous literary masterpieces , ( `` the goomba 's guide to life '' and `` the goomba 's guide to love '' ) schirripa has accomplished the impossible by writing a book that 's even funnier than his first two . whether you 're italian or jewish , fat or thin , heterosexual or a fanook , `` the goomba diet '' delivers a powerful message from which the world can benefit . and by `` the world '' , i mean overweight italian criminals indicted under the rico statute who enjoy penne arrabiata . not only is `` the goomba diet '' superior to any book currrently on the new york times bestseller list , but it proves why steve schirripa deserves to host his own late night network television talk show -- he 's far more talented than jimmy kimmel , carson daly , and or that annoying scottish guy on cbs . and if boring idiots like `` jerry r. from montreal '' like this book , then it can be enjoyed by everyone .
joe <NUM> is , to american viewers , one of gerry anderson 's best-kept secrets , as , apart from two made-for-cable episode compilations that aired in the early 80s , it has never been broadcast in the usa . this is a shame as this series contains some of the best model work of the entire supermarionation canon . the series is pure fantasy -- just think what the dyfs would do if it found out that a nine-year-old adopted child were acting as a & quot ; most special agent , & quot ; carrying a gun , driving tanks full of explosives , etc.the series is a great deal of fun , and the attention to detail is quite frankly amazing . if one were to watch the series from a distance , one could easily be forgiven in thinking that it has real actors in actual normal-sized sets . although contemporary publicity material claims the series is set about <NUM> years in the future , ie in <NUM> , the fashions , vehicles , etc . are firmly from the 1960s , and easily stands up to the best that british television from this era had to offer . just ignore the fact that the main protagonist is about <NUM> feet tall and you 'll find the series highly enjoyable.oh , and it 's got a super theme tune , and the remastering is , as george orwell might say , double-plus-excellent . carlton in the uk has removed practically every flaw in the original prints . they are pristine , and look superb on my <NUM> & quot ; tv
this release includes all ten of the brothers ' top <NUM> hits from <NUM> to <NUM> ( `` one bad apple '' through `` love me for a reason '' and `` the proud one '' ) plus two additional cuts : `` i ca n't stop '' and their version of `` he ai n't heavy . '' the <NUM> greatest hits compilation on the curb label is essentially the same disc minus the two additional tracks . `` i ca n't stop '' was recorded in the late sixties back when the brothers were regularly on television on andy williams ' weekly variety show . the song was released after `` one bad apple '' topped the national charts . the flip side of that number one hit was their remake of the hollies ' hit `` he ai n't heavy , he 's my brother . '' that tune was eventually covered over the next few years by many artists , including neil diamond and olivia newton-john . if you do n't already own the <NUM> hits disc or the three disc box set released in <NUM> ( also on the curb label ) then this is the compilation for you . you may also want to get your hands on the other two recently released `` 20th century masters '' collections : one covers donny 's solo hits of the 70s plus the other disc features his hit duets with sister marie from the same decade
one of the last great films of the cold war era made around the time the berlin wall fell . the hunt for red october is classic intrigue and tension of the ussr and usa over dominion of geopolitics . sean connery brings back the cool and intense demeanor that made him famous as the original james bond
ok , well i have to admit that i am as much a fan of the guitar sounds as i am adam duritz 's voice . i would have rated this as a five star album , yet every once in a while ( on maybe two or the songs total ) adam will get caught up in some moment singing and the dud gets kind of whiny . this guy is one of the best singers on the planet , though and this cd is still one of the best that the counting crows have ever produced . okay , well , the guitar sounds are much more raw , very retro and vintage sounding , i would n't be suprised if every guitar , amp , and effects pedal are 30+ years old . my favorite songs are definitely raining in baltimore ( amazing quiet version ) , long december , have you seen me lately ? , recovering the satelites , and round here . if you like retro music with strong raw vocals you should love this stuff . i 've heard adam 's voice coompared with rob thomas of matchbox <NUM> . although i would say that they are very unique i admit that for comparison they are simalar in style ( adam 's better though ) . i hope you like the album . enjoy
this book was more than helpful for step <NUM> . in particular , it helped me polish up on dermatology , ophthalmology , neurology , and radiology - subjects not well covered in the other review books i used , and subjects which had an appreciable presence on usmle step <NUM> . it also helped me review ob/gyn at the last minute . look out for errors , though - others in my class found flaws in the medicine section , for example . otherwise i 'd give it <NUM> stars . worth the price for all the high-yield information packed in this little green book
being from new england , it is easy to say that this to me was one of the greatest things that ever happened , ever , the amazing <NUM> season from the n.e . patriots . even if you ai n't that into sports , maybe just inspirational films that put a huge sh * * eating grin on your face ... this is a dvd to own ( at least to check out .. ) i of course was issued a copy of this after the superbowl win in <NUM> , being from new england , but only dug it out recently to view it . besides telling the story in detail about the season , game for game , it is also produced very well , by using the real nfl film footage , that is much more in depth than what we all saw on tv back when it happened . right on the sidelines with the players , you get to watch ( half the time you can see that they are almost as amazed with themselves as we were ) i guess i should spare the story , because it is written in every other review here , and really its much better shown on the dvd , but to remember the state of the team at that point ... last place underdogs the whole season . even as the team barrel rolled and got bigger and better , game for game , no one believed they would do it ( maybe us new englanders did , but we were still crossing our fingers pretty damned hard ) .. but everytime the stakes got higher , the team got hotter ( not to mention a few divine miracles , like the enormous hurricane during the raiders game ) you just got ta watch this thing , and see how crazy the team really got , spectacular moves all over . this is one of those sports stories that should grace the big screen ... a story you could n't make up . rock on pats ! p.s . regarding the tribute to 9/11 , god bless to all .... but i really hate u2
the more you listen to this cd the better it gets . it will sink in , just give it time
san diego ca , review on real rap : scarface 's my homies part <NUM> has everyone whose anyone on it in my opinion . texas is taking over the rap game and this is the truth , from scarface to chamillionaire , bun b , lil ' flip , and plenty others and my personal favorite z-ro the third coast his holdin it down for the rap community.plenty san diegans rep texas rap cause we recognize real music.keep it gully tex.alwayz -- tre
belinda carlisle is such a smooth and pleasant singer . it is so nice to listen to hear . this is a nice set of great hits
it was great can not wait for his next boo
paul desmond is well known and broadly admired for his bell-like sound ( tone ) , but this set of recordings well demonstrates the inventive quality of his earlier sesions . his interaction with mulligan in this piano-free quartet environment brings out the chromatics that might be missed in the brubeck era recordings . among his really best .
i know this may sound weird in light of the fact that powter has been labeled fem-nazi and the like , but she has a new male convert in me due to the sober and staying that way . it completely changed my view of her . i read the book non-stop from front to back . i immediately identified with the sugar/caffeine cravings whenever i tried to stop drinking . i knew/know from personal experience that eating/being healthy really helps me not drink . and i readily identified with her observations about current recovery programs . i was in some shock over the connections she makes between the government and big business , but that was naive on my part . this book really simulated a response from me on many levels . it may have saved my life and possibly my marriage
i love this film . it 's up there with my favourites . it has an air of mystery and sensuality that it pulls off very well . i loved the storyline , the sirkus of sorts , the funny quotes added in . a favourite `` romantic/lovestory '' movie
many years after his more famous work , the zen master is still very , very , good . in lila he continues to explore his new metaphysics of value , morals , and quality . although he definitely stretches in places , there is some very solid work attempting to create a more accurate way of describing the universe and our place in it . it ties very solidly with the modern understanding of quantum physics , and fits with absolute perfection the philosophies of the seminal work `` the structure of scientific revolution '' by thomas s. kuhn . this novel is more straight philosophy than motorcycle maintenance , less balanced with an interwoven plot . the plot is there though , and it gives us an even more immediate sense of the author 's own precarious mental balance . many critics call the story bleak and depressing , which may be accurate , but is about as salient as calling moby dick a fishing story
one of my all time favorite movies . what a great documantary and story of a very complicated man and his effect on such a vast multitude of people of all levels and across the world . and then his families , and the son who tells the story and his journey and questions , you can feel how he 's attempting to grapple with all that he discovers , that inspired me . awesome footage , and quirky interviews with some of the legendary architects of our day . amazing job for the documentor and how he has put such a complex story together in such a simple style without over-simplifying the stories
the first band box-set , `` across the great divide , '' was a disappointing ripoff , so this is long overdue . and it 's also worth the wait ! others have criticized this set for having nothing completists wo n't already have . i disagree . i 've been a serious band fan for about a decade , and there are rarities on here that i 'd never even heard of until now . so for all but the hardest of hardcore fans , this is a welcome surprise . not perfect , but close enough . if the accompanying book is correct , even the band members themselves had forgotten about a couple of the previously unreleased tracks . as for the rest of us , if there 's a mid-60s recording you 've heard of but never heard up to now , chances are it 's here . the <NUM> single `` uh uh uh '' / '' leave me alone '' - which was considered `` lost '' a few years ago - is here , and it sounds terrific . all three of the <NUM> atco sides are here ( only one , `` he do n't love you , '' was previously available on cd ) . the studio recording of their cover of bobby blue bland 's `` honky tonk '' was an especially nice surprise for me ; i 'd heard an extremely low-fi live recording of it before but did n't know they 'd ever officially recorded it . there are a few surprises among their better-known work as well , notably the newly restored coda in `` to kingdom come . '' what is less satisfying is the selection of previously released tracks . i know no box set is ever going to satisfy all of a given act 's fans , but the previously-released portion of this set seems particularly haphazard , especially the recordings with ronnie hawkins and bob dylan . where is `` high blood pressure , '' the only hawkins single on which robbie , levon , rick , richard and garth all played ? what about the myriad still-unreleased basement tapes that are rumored to exist ? ( there are a few new releases from those sessions here , including a great early version of `` caledonia mission , '' but if the rumors are true it 's still a drop in the bucket . ) and why does every band best-of have to include the supremely overrated `` it makes no difference '' and omit the beautiful `` hobo jungle '' ? minor complaints , i concede , especially since anyone who likes the band well enough to shell out for this collection will probably also have most or all of their original albums anyhow . the dvd is a great addition as well , particularly the saturday night live performances from just a few weeks before the last waltz . seeing the guys play together at that late date is almost surreal for those of us who know , er , the shape they were in , if you will . if you want everything , this will get you close to it , at least
this is the second volume of recordings of songs by writers signed to the beatles apple music publishing company . though most of the artists contributing to the cd are pretty obscure with a very limited recorded material behind them , there are a few exceptions . the iveys , who later changed their name to badfinger , are represented with four mod-inspired recordings quite unlike the material they originally released the group . though all very much time-pieces quite interesting material , with pete ham 's `` black and white rainbows '' as the strongest track . george alexander of grapefruit wrote two songs for the cd ; none of them recordings by grapefruit , but both among the strongest recordings on the cd . songwriting team gallagher and lyle wrote four songs ; three of them their own demos . quite obvious that they were already at that time great songwriters . the hollies sounding tracks `` technicolour dream '' and `` ivy unrehearsed '' are my favourites . the obscure band `` the u no who '' who later turned into `` bachdenkel '' , deliver some of the very best recordings to the cd . quite amazing that apple did not offer the band a contract . their title-track `` an apple a day '' is a very catchy song ; their music both melodic and complex . their other two at least as strong . all in all a fine collection of music from the 1968-69 psychedelic years in british pop-music .
with mark kurlansky 's reputation as one of the best food writers today , it was only a matter of time before a collection of some of his selections of good food writing came together . & quot ; choice cuts & quot ; is entertaining reading , especially for those who are interested in the history of eating and food . there are few recipes in this book , but this collection is more of a book that you sit down with a cup of coffee or tea after you 've finished the dishes
i visited tibet last summer and experienced the amazing tibetan people and culture which are rapidly disappearing because of the chinese . i stayed at a monastery that was slowly being rebuilt after being destroyed and the rinpoche murdered in the 1950s . this beautiful and well-made film documented all that happened to the tibetans during the cultural revolution and made me cry . why has the west turned its back on tibet
i grew up in the <NUM> 's , during the heyday of great dramatic metal bands like iron maiden and queensryche . now that i 'm older ( and a professional musician myself with years of classical training ) , i can recognize the cheesiness of the bands that i loved when i was a kid . but i can still listen to a lot of that material and appreciate the musical and poetic ambition , the theatricality and the grandeur that the bands of that day were earnestly striving toward . i got `` three cheers for sweet revenge '' for free , and i probably would n't have even given it a listen if i had n't been so intrigued by the cover art ( which it turns out was done by the lead singer of my chemical romance ) . i 'm embarrassed to say that i just associated this band with legions of mindless teeny-bopper fans and i could n't even imagine liking their music . in retrospect , i see that that is an insult to the band and to its fans ( who are clearly on to something ) . it 's been a long time since i 've been excited about a rock band . the last five or six years have been discouraging ones for mature pop music fans . maybe it 's just me , but it seems like , in the wake of september 11th , <NUM> , we 've been awash in nostalgia acts : the strokes , the white stripes , the killers , the scissor sisters , jet , gnarls barkley , franz ferdinand and the like . these are acts that deliberately attempt to evoke another era , not only with the sound and composition of their music , but also by the way they dress and even by their bands ' names . it 's true that pop music has always mined the past for inspiration , but these `` retro-parody '' acts , as i call them , shamelessly attempt to recreate a specific musical sound of an earlier time without bringing any stylistic innovation to the artistic process ; the music could easily be mistaken for material recorded <NUM> or <NUM> years ago . and while i actually like some of the work being produced by these bands , i feel that this approach represents the worst kind of artistic cowardice , for it allows the artist to hide behind a veneer of irony . like foam trucker hats , this kind of art mocks the style while copping the style at the same time . the artists puts nothing of himself into the art , and therefore risks nothing . in a day and age when real life seems dark and complicated , it 's easy to understand the appeal of retro-parody music ; it transports us to an imaginary time when life was simple , even simplistic , and when nonsensical music reflected that simple-minded aesthetic . the more i listen to `` three cheers for sweet revenge '' , the more i admire the sheer audacity of this record . the first time through , i could n't shut it off ; the album is a relentless attack of high-energy pop/punk , replete with rhythmic drive , wailing guitars , infectious hooks and lots of screaming . even so , i thought the album might be a bit much for me- a little over the top , a little too dramatic . but i was intrigued by the lyrics , which seemed to be trying to tell a story , so i went online and poked around and found out that `` three cheers '' is in fact a concept album that tells the story of a man who must kill 1,000 evil souls in order to be reunited with his lover . i also found an interview with the band where they explained that they intended `` three cheers '' to be completely dramatic , theatrical and totally over-the-top ; i 'd say they succeeded on all three counts . i realized that my chemical romance is a kind of anomaly in today 's pop music sphere . they represent the rare breed of artist who is willing to take a huge risk for the sake of making an original artistic statement . no one out there is doing anything remotely like this ; while mcr might sound stylistically similar to other bands out there , i think it 's pretty safe to say that this is the only band making big , dramatic , sincere concept albums ( in the line of `` operation : mindcrime '' and `` seventh son of a seventh son '' ) . i emphasize the word `` sincere '' because i think it 's hugely important to the mcr phenomenon . while retro-parody acts mimic and mock the style and dress of <NUM> 's and <NUM> 's bands for a cheap thrill and a quick buck , my chemical romance clearly recognize that the great music of those decades was written with sincere intentions , and this is manifest in mcr 's own music , which reflects the influence of their predecessors without ever sounding quite like any of them ( you 'd never mistake my chemical romance for an <NUM> 's or even a <NUM> 's band ) . the fact that my chemical romance is hugely popular among people half my age ( i 'm in my early <NUM> 's ) almost turned me off to the band . but i 'm starting to realize that this kind of musical snobbery is self-defeating , and when it comes to pop music it may be that teenagers are sometimes more likely to recognize a good thing . pop music critics , most of whom are my age or older , naturally fawn over the retro-parody acts , as these bands validate , by obsequious imitation , the music of the critics ' own youth . but while the critics live in the past , i 'm not surprised that mcr , whose lyrics sincerely and directly reflect the moral ambiguities of our own troubled times , have found many loyal young fans . when you think about what this band is attempting on `` three cheers for sweet revenge '' , it 's actually pretty amazing that they pull it off . it would have been less surprising to see a band with this kind of grand artistic ambition simply fall flat , getting bogged down in solipsistic lyrics and ornate , melancholy music . but that does n't happen here , because these guys have the talent , the wit , and the chops to make it happen . the music , in fact , is probably the most surprising thing happening here . forgetting for a moment the concept , the hype , the theatricality and all the rest , no one can dispute the fact that there is a high degree of musical talent at work on this album . sure , the songs are basically formulaic- most good pop music is . but the songwriting is solid , accomplished and unique . the single `` im not okay '' , for instance , with its carefully-plotted and infectious vocal line , could almost have been ghost-written by a professional songwriter ; but the quirky lyrics mark it as unmistakably original , an irresistable anthem for a new generation . it 's easy to lose sight of mcr 's strong compositional skill under all the screaming and the eyeliner , etc. , but , to me , that makes it all the more admirable- the fact that the musical artistry of this band is never thrust in your face as something to be admired ; it 's just quietly at work , the motor driving this mad machine . not only are the songs remarkably well-crafted , but the execution of the songs is impressive , too . the sound of the band is incredibly tight , with dual guitars dominating the music texture . the lead singer does a lot of screaming , but also a lot of really excellent singing . he has a semi-obnoxious , but clear and strident voice , and a pretty wide vocal range . forceful and propulsive , the album is pretty much a shot of musical adrenaline from start to finish , with a short interlude ( track # <NUM> ) that works to break up the texture a little bit . the only thing that prevented me from giving this album a full five-star review is the fact that tracks # <NUM> & # <NUM> tend to lag a bit , not in musical energy , but simply in content ; they seem somehow like slightly meandering , b-level songs that might 've been cut if the album were longer . but track # <NUM> brings the record to a satisfying conclusion . my chemical romance is a genuinely talented , skilled and honest band making an all-out attempt to deliver bold , artistic statements with each album ; for this , i think they should be commended . whether or not you like their music is entirely up to you , and i do n't think a distaste for this type of adventurous stuff necessarily reflects badly upon the individual listener- just give mcr props for being artistically courageous
i have only read <NUM> or so pages so far , but as other readers have accounted , i have a difficult time putting the book down . it reads like a hollywood movie , i have to snap myself to attention every-so-often to remind myslef that these accounts are true to life , that these things actually happened , which makes it even more gripping . the way the author goes from the experiences of the ghost soldiers and the prisoners on the death march is perfectly mixed . nicely done
i love a good dance movie and this is one for the collection . this dvd sells for about $ 7.00 at thiat price it is a very good buy
another in james d. doss ' shaman series which began with the shaman sings in the mid 1990s . the series started off good and just keeps getting better . doss marries a wry writing style with well-drawn characters , a clever story line and a fine understated humour . his setting is southern colorado , a land of ranchers , wide spaces and capable country people both matukach ( white ) and ute native americans . the shaman of the series , wise old ute daisy perika , does n't feature to the extent that she has in other books in the series but her contribution via dreams and premonitions is subtle and true . her character is the stuff the series is built on . she is abrasive and annoying , and takes pleasure in being so , yet the writer has made her irascible while likeable and she is the character the reader will remember long after the rest are forgotten . the story 's central character is charlie moon , nephew of daisy perika and a ute rancher and sometime policeman for his tribe . charlie 's major trouble in life is a mountain cat terrorising his ranch workers and cattle , until he is asked to find out who injured a u.s . senator and at the same time killed billy smoke , the senator 's driver . the senator , who runs the neighbouring ranch , has his own agenda and charlie finds himself also involved in investigating a leak of damaging government information from the senator 's ranch . charlie finds himself often on the tricky side of guns and dangerous animals ( both human and not ) . it makes for a rollicking and thoroughly enjoyable read . no sex but some violence
this work is a testiment to chester himes ' brilliant insight and characterstic of the schitzophrenic relationship most extremely talented black artists have had with america . much praised for his urban crime series , his more politically charged work was often ignored . this book and the truths it reveals about america 's ability and inclination to create entire groups of people with nothing to lose speaks volumes about today 's society as it did when written by the author . many who read this will be afraid , as well they should . you will be entertained none-the-less , and hopefully inspired to think . the ending leaves something to be desired , i suspect that is because mr. himes was not alive to complete it himself
this book goes behind the scenes of the professional and amateur world of organized chess . it is very entertaining because not many people ( even die hard chess players themselves ) have experiences of this nature in the realm of chess politics . the man has done it all and it was fun to read about his spectacular path ! mr. schultz ' love for chess is clear and his accounts of his chess past are entertaining . he tells of the good and he tells of the bad and a lot of humorous little anecdotes in between . if you play chess with any seriousness , this book is certainly an educational tool in terms of understanding how the big organizations like fide and uscf operate . however , this book is very suitable for non-chessplayers as well in that there is no actual chess positions or analysis . it is a story of a man 's chess life and political career and i found it to be well done
if forced to pick one band that best exemplified the indie-rock aesthetic , one would be hard-pressed to find a better choice than big black . many of the acts typically credited with bringing alternative music to the mainstream have , for better or worse , been little more than angry pop acts ( nirvana and nine inch nails being prominent examples ) , and even many more underground acts such as pixies , sonic youth , and the jesus lizard released some material that was palatable to the mainstream , as their major-label runs attest . big black , on the other hand , was the real deal , a band that lived out the indie philosophy in both their music and in their resolutely do-it-yourself business practices , and paid the commercial price for it . songs about f * * * ing was the perfect distillation of leader steve albini 's philosophy : an abrasive , confrontational album that contained no concessions to the mainstream and no pretensions to socially redeeming value . this is music at its most twisted and evil , acknowledging no taboos as it challenged listeners to take or leave its assaultive sound and unpleasant lyrical content . the key to the lasting appeal of this release lies largely in its simplicity . like fellow pioneering noise-merchants godflesh , big black distilled rock music to its most basic elements : guitar , bass , and drum machine . in spite of this minimal approach , however , songs about f * * * ing is hardly palatable or unchallenging . what emerges from this combination of rock 's traditional elements is a barrage of scathing , disembowling noise that pummels eardrums with a mix of astringent guitar squalls and pulsating industrial beasts . and of course , it 's all topped off with the demented vocal stylings of albini himself , making kurt cobain sound like mel torme as he howled and screamed his tales of depravity . mixing metal , punk , and the then-burgeoning genre of industrial with reckless abandon , songs about f * * * ing constitutes a musical roller coaster of frightening proportions , and wraps things up in barely half an hour . the basslines and drum programming of bad penny and colombian necktie are enough to crack skulls , while albini 's vocals legitimately bring to mind a man in the midst of a nervous breakdown . l-dopa is all punkish speed and aggression but infinitely more frightening , and the proto-industrial rage of precious thing and kasimir n. pulaski day would send trent reznor up a tree . even when the band slows down , as on kitty empire , the results are clenched , sinister , and intense . tiny , king of the jews ( love that title ) actually manages to be somewhat atmospheric , but it still relies heavily on that mix of disconcerting guitar noise and pulsating beats . i 've listened to pretty much every noted act in the extreme-music world , from slayer to godflesh to meshuggah , and big black may have been the scariest of all . and songs about f * * * ing in an unqualified triumph , one that oozes menace and integrity at the same time . own it , or pose
well written and easy to read . the book fills in the gaps leading to retirement and allows one to make up for lost time in looking at things that need to be considered for retirement
it was very interesting and exciting to delve into the life of a family hiding from the nazis during wwii . i highly recommend this book and i hope i can one day go see the anne frank museum where the family lived during this time
i am currently about 2/3rds through this book . i am enjoying the book very much , but i just noticed that the very last pages including the last page of the book was ripped in half . i do n't want to have to send the book back to amazon , but would be greatful if someone has the book , would make a copy of the last <NUM> pages and fax to me at 404/648-8500 attn : vicky ......... thanks ! this is really a great book and i plan on ordering the <NUM> sequels
this book has been a very good resource for our wedding . however , i have found it lacking in a few areas . it does not have any information on destination weddings . i was also a little disappointed to not find a section on how to tastefully handle a departed parent . overall , this is the best book i have found on the topic of wedding ettiquette and it meshes nicely with emily post 's etiquette .
this is an excellent cd . it is fun to dance to , sing to , and drive to . it does n't matter if you like country music or not-you can enjoy keith urban 's music . even better than his cd 's are his live shows . well worth the ticket price and one of the best concerts you will see .
a haunting collection of garfunkels best . a must have for a folk lovers collectio
there is some good music on the two discs . the first one collects most of paul and wings hit singles whilst the second are some personal selections from paul , where some gems can be found such as `` too many people '' , `` tomorrow '' , `` daytime nightime suffering '' and `` maybe i 'm amazed '' . some of the material on the second disc is a little slight and there are many better songs that could have been selected . the main issue is that these songs are not all technically paul mccartney and wings , alot of them are paul and linda , paul on his own , is its not a true representation of strictly wings , currently wings greatest is just that . having said that you ca n't go wrong with the great catchy pop rock on this album . it is good to see wings get more coverage , beneath the beatles they really are getting some respect for the great band they were
at first when i tried to read it i thought the language was a little too descriptive but i realized that it was crucial to the mindset of this time period . in <NUM> 's new york society , detail was everything from what food you served at gatherings to the type of carriage you rode in . everything one did or possessed made a statement about who they are and what they stood for . you get this point clearly in the beginning when the characters are introduced . the main character newland archer comes from a respectable family so it would make sense that he would marry may welland who comes from the respectable mingott family . but things do n't run smoothly when may 's cousin countess ellen olenska returns to america after leaving her european husband . rumors ensue among members of society forcing newland to take sides with ellen because of may . but soon newland sees in ellen a free spiritedness that he does n't see in may . soon he finds himself trapped in a triangle . the whole plot kept me fascinated because just when you think something is going to happen an interesting development occurs . just remember everything is n't what it seems in the book . on the surface a party is given for a member of the family , but underneath are harsh judgments and diversions of person 's intentions . by the ending i was surprised but then again not surprised . i can see why this book is still acclaimed after all these decades
this is an amazing dvd ! buckethead covers the entire spectrum ! he covers everything from science fiction , horror , zombies , classical art , pop art , funk , jazz , rock , alternative , progressive , etc . he is definately the frank zappa of the new century . his guitar playing is incredible and his compositions are mind boggling . i thoroughly enjoyed everything i have seen so far ( i am only through the first disc ) . but the navigation was no problem and extremely interesting . i loved the announcers voice ! i was immediately smiling and sometimes laughing outloud ! i just love his take on things . just the video for the wheels of torment is worth the price of the dvd . an amazing video . how did they take the classical painting of hell and disect it and animate it and throw in images of buckethead playing guitar - or was it a mandolin ? i also loved the ballad of buckethead with les claypool - he 's alive , he 's half dead , folks just call him buckethead ! great ! the dental commander was interesting animation and the bootsy collins - funky express card was so damned funny i could n't stop laughing . as well as the with the clips of the japanese monsters invading tokyo . i also loved hearing his early demos for guitar player . absolutely amazing guitar and composition . i really recommend this dvd to anyone who loves the guitar work of steve vai , joe satriani , mike keneally , frank zappa , adrian belew , john petrucci , etc . this guy is in the same league and then some . a very important guitar hero and composer . this dvd is worth ten times the cost . do n't miss it
prefab sprout , a band that just ages very well . thomas dolby 's footprints are all over this recording . while this cd lacks `` wild horses '' , it contains just about every song any fan could wish for . hands down , it beats the life of surprises compilation with its inclusions of `` lions in my own garden '' and other material from swoon , as well as such gems such as `` the golden calf '' ( a personal favorite of mine ) off from langley park to memphis as well as the wonderful `` bonny '' from steve mcqueen/two wheels good . i think i could listen to this cd for weeks on end and never tire of such greats as `` life of suprises '' , `` the sound of crying '' , `` carnival <NUM> '' , `` appetite '' and so many others . yes , you could go buy all the sprout 's stuff ( which i recommend highly ) . still , this is a great way to savor one of the most wonderful bands out there .
this is one awesome cd . i bought the oncoming storm before this one and i prefer the stings of conscience . this cd just plain rocks , heavy . sweet for head banging , the guitars amaze me , drumming super fast , screaming is solid throughout and nothing is wrong with this cd . perfect <NUM> stars . all metalheads must buy this . fav songs : one step away , stings of conscience , my desire . so just buy it already , and get ready to be annihilated
richard harris and oliver reed inhabit roles worthy of their larger than life talents in ridley scott 's glorious gladiator . the film has had many reviews , so my two cents are for harris and reed . everything about this marvelous , intimate epic is first-rate , and you must see it if you have not , and on a big screen tv if you can . richard harris as marcus aurelius , caesar for twenty-five years until his murder by his son commodus ( joaquin phoenix ) , brings his authority and gentility to bear , never needing to raise his voice to be absolutely in charge . his caesar is a man , no more , no less , wondering if , after all these years , what does he truly leave behind ? how will history treat him ? we get to know him well through his conversations with his daughter lucilla ( connie nielsen ) as well as his trusted general , the son he wishes he had , maximus ( russell crowe ) . it was close to harris ' last role , and most definitely one of his best . harris has played kings in the past , but never this realistically . and what can you say about the late oliver reed ? along with harris , he was one of the last of the original brit hellraisers , and the wear and tear on his face and body make him the perfect proximo , former gladiator and now trying to make his fortune on other fighters . he does n't play proximo , he is proximo . you ca n't help but think of all the great roles reed played over the years , such as bill sykes in oliver , vulcan in baron munchausen , otto von bismarck in royal flash , athos in the three and the four musketeers , hannibal brooks in the film of the same name , and of course his performance as gerald crich with glenda jackson in women in love . his loss was a great one for not only the filmmakers of gladiator , but for all of us . take a look at the 200-minute documentary on disc two of this three dvd set and you will find a large portion devoted to reed , his unfortunate passing only three weeks from the end of filming , and how scott , the screenwriters and the rest of the crew of gladiator brilliantly completed reed 's wonderful performance . oliver is probably smiling down , guinness in hand , saying , `` good on you , mate . '' gladiator is an epic , to be sure , but ultimately it 's about people , and how they survive in a deadly time . djimon hounsou as juba , the spiritual center of the film , derek jacobi as senator gracchus , who wants to try to bring rome back to marcus aurelius ' dream , ralf moeller as hagen , who comes to respect maximus as a true leader , and all the cast turn in sterling performances . no one but ridley scott could have shepherded this film to as emotionally satisfying an experience as it is . ( i think he really should have gotten the oscar on this one : how could it be voted best picture , best sound , best visual effects and russell crowe best actor without acknowledging who pulled it all together and made it work ? ) see gladiator , check out everything on the three discs , and savor some of the best work from two wonderful actors : oliver reed and richard harris . we who are about to view salute you . .
a good read . hurston does an excellent job of depicting the parallel experiences of the captivity of the israelites and the american slave . in fact , one could argue that the experience of the israelites is the american slave experience . this is a great book for high school reading , it provides a variety of cause and effect themes that all young adults need to know ; among them , if you oppress a people or person you breed fear , insecurity , and eventual self hatred in that human . i highly recommend their eyes were watching god another of hurston 's literary jewels . jewels
does & quot ; xtc & quot ; mean & quot ; mannered , pretentious , overworked drivel & quot ; to you ? well , then . twenty years and more since i first heard them , i think that this is their best album , with drums and wires a close second . by black sea they were sinking into the sergeant pepperization process that would reduce those countless later albums to meaninglessness . this is raw , vital rock music , wonderfully edgy and surprising , from a time in the band 's history when they were effortlessly creative , instead of belaboring us , as the rev . partridge eventually ended up doing , with their attempts to have something to say
i scored this record from the buck bin yesterday . the owner of the shop looked at it like maybe it should n't have been in there but sold it to me anyhow . he said i should run home quick and listen to it because james booker is a revelation . right he was - when side one finished i did n't even flip over the record , i just plopped the needle right back at the beginning . it may just be solo piano and a little singing but the sound is big , beautiful , complex , soulful . one of those rare records that make me kick myself over all the years i spent not listening to it .
this is a fascinating book ! kurin gives a color and life to the history of the hope diamond , showing the interesting characters and lives touched by the `` curse '' and also those lives that have been positively affected by the diamond . there are photos , paintings , illustrations , and cartoons interspersed in the text to help bring alive the history of the gem . the writing was smooth and accessible and i truly enjoyed the look into history and past cultures as the author brought us on a world and historical tour of the hope diamond
two of my grown daughters love this musical ( hence the reason for my purchasing a second copy ) . the one loves it for the music and the wit , the other for the presentation of historical information . i 've always enjoyed the music and the costume . my only caveat is the historical anachronism of profanity in the mouths of pious men .
blues fron the heart of montana . the music on this album is the vintner 's reserve . phil making music for phil , and then sharing it with the rest of us at just the right time . this album is all phil , all piano , and very , very good . phil say 's in the liner notes , `` the blues is simple soul music with room to get your name up '' . simple for him , but this vintner 's reserve is delightfully complex in flavors for the listener and subtle in style and performance from tune to tune . soul music it is , from the heart to nourish the soul . does he get his name up ? you bet ! i think this is phil 's best album yet . but then again , who can make that claim when thinking of `` cinema '' or `` upright '' or `` a wild christmas '' or `` live ! from montana '' or `` high plains '' or - all of his other timeless tunes produced over the years and on record labels past and present ? if you have n't heard philip aaberg 's music ; from his hideout ( sweetgrass music label ) near the sweetgrass hills in north central montana , or if you have n't listened to him lately , then it 's time to take `` that train '' and `` fourteen dollars '' and head west , blue west !
this book has absolutely beautiful paintings that compliment the familiar song over the rainbow . my <NUM> year old daughter likes it a lot . her absolute favorite in the series is i live in music by ntozake shange , which is part of this series , and might seem odd for a pre-schooler , but her whole class really responded to it as well
our family finds this film a classic . we could watch it over and over and learn something new . it gets you thinking , self-evaluating , and admiring . it is entertaining with the landscape and plot , as well as the clever wisdom of this great man . we love it . ( we are not catholic , but could see this being of particular interest to someone of that faith .
i saw this book for the very first time , while browsing through a book store in london heathrow airport . honestly , what caught my eyes is the name of the book . unlike all other books i read about hinduism , this book is very simple . i read the whole book during my flight from london to new york . this book answered all my questions i had about my culture my culture as well as my religion . i also learned so aspects of christianity also from this book . the book also helped me to answer all type of questions my christian friends ask me . now when they ask me , `` why hindus worship many gods ? '' i can answer them , `` hindus worship the one and only god - brahman which express itself in many forms . '' when they ask me , `` why hindus worship idols ? '' i can answer them , `` like every one else , including christians , hindus use idols or icons to concentrate on god who has no name or form . '' i can also tell them that hindus believe that every person who search after truth will attain salvation [ self-realization ] irrespective of whether he or she is a hindu or christian or moslem . am i a hindu ? is indeed a book for indians born in the west who are desperately trying to learn about their faith . in short , am i a hindu ? is a great book for anyone who wants to know everything about hinduism . an amazing book without any dogma or demagoguery .
when i was in high school in <NUM> the united states launched the first discoverer satelite was launched . it was , of course , launched for purely peaceful , scientific purposes . this book talks about the corona project which had the public cover name 'discoverer . ' years later i was selling high-tech equipment to the government . the buyers were organizations with initials like n-pic and nro . even the initials were secret , and the names national photographic interpretation center and national reconnaissance office were so far into the 'black ' that they were n't even mentioned . this book says that the information in it has been cleared for release by these very organizations . once in a meeting someone mentioned 'keyhole . ' i said , `` what . '' he shut up really quickly . most of this book consists of pages that were marked `` top secret - talent - keyhole . '' talent is imagery . keyhole is the camera system ( designed by polaroid ) . i later was talking to an air force pilot who had been transferred to hawaii . when he got there he asked another officer what the deal was . he was told , `` oh , we fly out to a spot in the pacific and we use a hook system on the plane to catch a parachute out of the air that is lowering a capsule that has been ejected from a satellite up in space . '' what a wise ass , he thought until he found out that that was what they were really doing . the corona images are now available for anyone to use . but now their biggest utility is to examine what has happened over the forty five years since they were taken . this book is the first released on corona , it consists of the original reports written at the time , declassified but with certain parts blacked out . it 's the original scoop
some of the reviews listed criticize this book for it 's `` opinions , '' `` harsh jugdements , '' etc . this was written as a private journal , and not to betaken as an indepth , researched , polished project . just let him speak !
this was a good action flick but i felt that there was nobody encouraging eachother on the swat team or anybody doing anything or saying anything with heart . the film was one of the best action films out there though and i did like the scene where the young swat memebers are training to be on the team . the end of the movie is pretty cool and samuel l. jackson played a great leader for the swat team just like he was a great coach on coach carter . when guns or bombs go off the sourround sound is exhilirating . the commentary was dissapointing though . buy it if you like action flicks . god bless you and america
this version is magnifies nonsingle by the history that already many we know the good hellspawn but the additional materials are very good , comic , track , and dems engendros sights and by havin
while reading ludlum in between more artistic works of literature , i like to follow a good spy/action novel . ludlum provides ! bourne identity really provides ! it went through all things a good ludlum novel ought to go through : action packed , twisting plots , romance , conspiracy , character thoughts , and , unfortunately , repetition . five of those six are gems , but the repetition wore me out nearing the end . i can only read `` charlie is for delta ; delta is for cain '' ( or something like that ) so many times ... then i have to cringe , bite my lip and suppress an urge to scream at the annoyance . if you could have someone black-out all these lines in the book before you read it , it would make the read so much more enjoyable
i love all of his books they are great.this one i was a little sad but it has a great ending
i love this cd . i watched the concert and was blown away . there are very few things to complain about when listening to this cd . i wish they had put the tracks on the cd in the order they appeared in the concert . i also wish they could 've done something with correcting the pitch on the destiny 's child tracks . it was painful to watch them doing it when the concert aired and it 's worse listening to it while trying to drive . this cd is worth what you pay for it . where else could you get billy joel , elton john , james taylor , john mellencamp , paul mccartney and the who on one cd
our 3-1/2 year old will watch this 24/7 if you let him . great fun for the kids ( which is nice for mom & dad too
somewhere in time is by far the most transcendant romantic movie i have ever seen . it is old . christopher reeve made it before we knew him as superman ; jane seymour was his co-star . reeve had just graduated college when a very old woman approaches with a gift . from then on it is breathtaking , following a time-travel episode that moves the story forward to an unforgetable conclusion , which does not really conclude in your memory ! there is also a soundtrack of the movie with the most hauntingly beautiful music i have ever heard . i would n't be without either . you will love this movie and the music
this is , in effect , two related but different movies packaged together for marketing purposes . both are funny and being offered together makes them a bit more affordable . reviews of both appear below . support your local sheriff james garner always does a great job in playing acerbic comic roles and his role in this one is no exception . he plays a man who is hired as sheriff in a gold rush boom town and who takes the job seriously enough to clean the place up . he does so with wit and charm and the bad guys never no what hit them . bruce dern plays the first guy he arrests . he is a bad one but not to bright . this is a good thing since the bars for the jail have not been installed yet . walter brennan plays dern 's father . he is the head of the outlaw family but just ca n't seem to get his way with the sheriff . his performance too is a delight . jack elam plays the deputy and harry morgan plays the mayor . all do a wonderful job . there is always something to laugh at in this one . support your local gunfighter support your local sheriff was a comic masterpiece and cried out , at least in terms on dollars and cents , for a sequel . so they made one , only it wasn't almost all of the cast from the sheriff appear in gunfighter but they all play completely different characters . nothing is the same except that it takes place in the west and is funny , but not as funny as the original . james garner plays the role of latigo smith . he is a man on the run , not from the law but from a woman who expects to marry him . he goes to ground in purgatory , a mining town . his arrival is noted by the owner of one of the town 's two competing mining companies . they think he is a gunfighter hired by the other company . he 's not but sees financial opportunity in the confusion . he passes himself off as the agent for the gunfighter ( less danger and stress ) and cons a down on his luck cowboy into playing the part of the gunfighter . this is not a movie filled with excitement or drama . it is a comedy . it is not as funny as sheriff but it is funny in its own right .
the concerns raised about phair 's last two album are hardly palatable . the general concensus seems to be that either : <NUM> ) she 's a total sell-out , angry rock was her only voice <NUM> ) she 's way better than she used to be , softer is good why does it have to be one or the other ? people say she 's losing her tough edge , some say she 's got a new bead on life . i do n't see this as being one type of music or the other . i see a great songwriter and passionate person going with what makes her happy - not resentful music for the reality-impared outsider or love music for the overly-sappy contemporary , but well produced , thoughtful works of art that refect something different with each release . i 'm not saying that this is `` the freewheelin ' bob dylan '' or anything , but it 's also miles from britney spears . phair 's music has always been just that - phair 's music . so if it 's not what you like , get over it . it 's not about you . it never has been . if you do n't believe me check out her itunes original album . and play on liz , play on
my four year old loved this movie . the plot was very simple and easy to follow , nothing too complicated for her . the animation was also great for the movie 's target audience , very soft and warm . it 's a good-hearted little film and george is such a sweet , funny and cute little guy throughout . it was light on plot , probably easily predictable by anyone over the age of six , but such a cute movie that i did n't get bored watchingn it with her . this is a great movie for young children
this is an execellent book . on the downside i 'm <NUM> years old so i should have read this <NUM> years ago . the author is clear & it 's readable for most anyone . however i think today 's readers may find the material dated , with some cliche 's that were probably very `` hip '' in the mid '60 's . yet today i beleive we can con verese with most anyone & arrive at these type mind games on our own without the need of a therapist . if i were able to time travel back to the '60s , woodstock , timothy leary , ... & read this book with `` that '' mind-set , i would rate the book <NUM> big stars
wow ! can you handle derangement recorded on tape ? the riffs are tremendous , and the mix is insidious and evil . and then there 's mr. yow . he 's just on another planet
i read this book within <NUM> hours on a flight . it really changed my perspective on life and how to put a painful past behind me . i have bought at least <NUM> books for my friends whom are going through some very trying times . i ca n't speak for them but i know it 's altered their lives and thinking . it 's an easy read book you wo n't want to put down
gave this to my mother-in-law as a christmas gift ... she 's enjoying it tremendously
this book outlines some simple and effective strategies for making toilet training easy . most important it helped me set my expectatations . after i read the book , i had a plan . :
this is a great cd . great songs , sung by a great artist . good selection . good sound quality . this cd is worth every cent you pay for it and if you are <NUM> or older this cd should not miss in your collection . it will bring back wonderful memories of a wonderful era
this work grabs you immediately with its description of the `` standstill '' procedure . a patient is placed into a coma , the blood and body chilled and then the heart actually stopped while the surgeon skillfully digs around in the grey matter . fascinating stuff . the author is a journalist obviously awed by dr. spetzler and all that he ( and others ) have accomplished at the barrow institute in phoenix -- the book is primarily a story of dr. spetzler 's career and secondarily the developing science of neurosurgery . the reader is treated to descriptions of the daily life of residents -- rounds , m & m conferences , surgical procedures , etc . there are the obligatory descriptions of the hideously expensive gadgetry and imaging technology that has made modern neurosurgery possible . but something was missing . in attempting to simultaneously cover the entire field of neurosurgery ( as well as a curious diversion into the history of phoenix ) this book lost some of its punch . this could easily have been an incredibly interesting biography of dr. spetzler ( and if anyone writes one -- i 'm buying it ) , or a surgical techno-thriller about standstill procedures curing otherwise hopeless cases . better yet , a treatise on the cost/benefit tradeoffs presented by modern medicine with its increasing dependence upon pricey machines . not to mention the peculiar danger of saving a patient from a horrible aneurysm only to find that his or her personality is irrevocably changed -- and not for the better . unfortunately , the work was somewhat diluted by its lack of focus . nevertheless , highly recommended
robin trower defined that rich , full overdriven modulated ( hendrix-inspired ) sound of his way back in the early '70 's , and he still lays it on thick . as a guitarist , i ca n't help but to still love that `` sound '' , even after <NUM> years ! this dvd will serve trower up to you on a platter . hey ... i do n't care if the guy looks like someone 's grand daddy standin ' up there .... we 're all growing old too , right along with the stars of our youth . it 's great that he can still pull this stuff off and come out sounding as fabulous as he does . ( no arthritis in those hands , i can tell you . ) now , if you do n't love trower , the show will probably get a little old after a few numbers . but if you do love him ( and that `` sound '' ... ) , and particularly if you play , you 'll thoroughly enjoy this dvd
this music makes you want to get up and dance ! the first few tracks are the best , but the whole cd is very good . i could not stop listening to son fro by africando and many more . hide this cd because once you pop it in , your friends will never want to give it back to you . after owning gypsy caravan , afro-latino , afro latin party , salsa around the world , cuba and many more i have come to say that this is one of the best putumayo we have seen up to date . also check out putumayo colombia-it is sure to get you dancing like you have never danced before !
when you 're young , it 's quite fashionable to bemoan the lack of authentic individuals . when you grow older , you learn that you were correct . my cherokee ancestors believe that adulthood begins at <NUM> , and as i get closer to that age , i realize how right they are . well , here 's an individual for you . slim gaillard . i have a four-cd set called laughing in rhythm . <NUM> through <NUM> from one of the great innovators in jazz . musically creative , technically skillful , always soulful , lyrically hilarious , and perhaps an example of somebody under age <NUM> achieving adulthood . i ca n't stop listening to it . at home , in my mp3 player on the buses of china ... lem me get nuts here . if you ignore every other review i 've ever written , note these three words . `` buy this one . '' it 's like that , folks . slim is da bomb .
that jason jordan has it exactly right . this is a homo-epic of astounding proportions , as indeed were one or two of the delicious young men in the movie . i 'd give this thousands of stars if i could , because that 's all i can see after playing along with this dvd for <NUM> minutes or so ..
in the mid to late 1970s , disco music was king and everyone enjoyed going to the clubs and dancing the night away . in this story of new york 's world-famous studio <NUM> , the story is told through the eyes of shane o'shea ( ryan phillippe ) , a young man from new jersey who manages to get onto the guest list and into the very exclusive club . a gas station attendant by day , shane soon finds himself as one of the regulars and manages to secure himself a job at the club as a bus boy/bartender . shane befriends two of the club 's workers , greg randazzo ( brechin meyer ) and his wife anita ( salma hayek ) . they invite shane to move in to their apartment , but greg soon suspects that shane and anita are having an affair . shane actually has fallen for julie black ( neve campbell ) , another regular . a soap opera star , shane is intrigued by her beauty and is immediately drawn to her . after a while , the two begin a relationship . meanwhile , steve rubell , played magnificently by mike myers , has been laundering money from the club . each night , he sends bags full of money out with the trash to be picked up and taken away , out of sight of the i.r.s . this scam goes on for quite some time until finally the i.r.s . finds out about rubell 's operation and raids the club . shane , spurned in the end by julie , eventually leaves <NUM> to become a college student and restaurant manager . steve rubell is sentenced to <NUM> months in prison and is forced to sell <NUM> in a plea agreement . he is allowed to remain as a `` consultant '' to the new ownership , and he also throws a big party at the club 's re-opening , attended by shane , greg , and anita . studio <NUM> was indeed the king of the discos . celebrities from all over the world , including andy warhol and truman capote , were regular visitors to the club . the music was loud , and sex and drugs were freely available . unfortunately , <NUM> never really regained its prominence after its re-opening , and it closed down for good in <NUM> . steve rubell died in <NUM> at age <NUM> . this movie does an excellent job of showcasing the very famous club , right down to the throngs of people who begged to get in each night . the acting in the film is very good , but mike myers stands out above the rest . his superb portrayal of the eccentric but troubled steve rubell is the highlight of the film . having grown up in the 70s , i remember reading about studio <NUM> and what a fantastic place it was . this movie shows both the bright and dark sides of the famous disco . i recommend this movie highly . if you 're a child of the 70s like me , then you 'll remember the disco music and the almost surreal essence that <NUM> had . watch this movie and enjoy a trip back to when disco ruled and <NUM> was the place everyone wanted to go
i first listened to this cd on my work sound system which does not do it justice . i was only mildly impressed and was preparing to submit a scathing review with the main focus being `` mediocrity at its best . '' but then i took it home and put it on a real sound system . voila ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! while i still contend that gerald is infinitely more viable as a premiere session man than a solo artist , this second outing with grp is far superior to `` groovology ; '' the former project seemed to be a classic example of an artist suffering from musician 's block . `` kickin ' it '' is the exact opposite - with help from the likes of jeff lorber and george duke , it appears creativity was at an all-time high with the end result being a wonderful project that you will enjoy over and over again . the arrangements are tight with fresh interpretations , a nice ode to jr. walker and some oh so nice tunes in collaboration with lorber . quite honestly , i have n't been this impressed with a gerald albright project in quite a whie . it appears he is finally hittinhg his stride and i could not be more pleased . niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice , gerald ! ! !
my daugther loves this movie and watches it over and over again . very good clean humor
this is my two year olds first bob the builder . he has generally only wanted to watch a baby mozart and nothing else , but the first time he watched it , he was hooked . he would sit there and nothing could distract him . he really enjoys the opening song of bob the builder , but he does get a little bored toward the end of the show . with that said , the first <NUM> minutes are gold for him as he really enjoys it . this is not too bad for us adults either except for lofty who is always whiny and tough to listen to , but it is a nice little show . he would give the show <NUM> thumbs up ! we will be trying some additional bob the builder dvds
alan is one the best country singers today . when i first heard & quot ; she 's got the rhythm ( and i got the blues ) & quot ; i began to like it . he can sang romantic ballads like : & quot ; ( who says ) you ca n't have it all & quot ; a top ten hit in early <NUM> . the songs i like on this album are : & quot ; tonight i climbed the wall & quot ; , & quot ; mercury blues & quot ; , <NUM> 's big number <NUM> hit & quot ; chattahoochee & quot ; . you 've got to buy this album
this is not & quot ; smooth jazz & quot ; in the nauseating sense made famous by certain clarinet players . this rocks . groovin ' baseline , hot licks , great variety of rhythm . this cd is my preferred favorite , many nights running , after fighting l.a. traffic all the way home . sexy , calming , energizing , -- if someone could bottle what this cd does for me they would make a mint ! ( you got ta try it !
if you mix up the awesome primitives from the 80s , with the spector wall of sound , in a swedish garage with some power pop licks you might get something like the legends . that being said they are not rigidly classifiable . just great music . this was one cd i was glad i got and have played it the most in the last couple of months .
mention the word `` sadism '' and the results it produces will vary from an embarrassed victorian blush to righteous indignation that such things should exist at all , not to mention it being a topic for discussion among proper and civilized human beings . yet to thomas moore , a former monk and jungian analyst and writer , it is precisely this topic that needs to be explored mentally , even spiritually , in order to prevent it from erupting into anti-social , or even criminal acts in the flesh . examining the writings of the infamous marquis de sade , moore delves into the healing role of de sade that digs deeper than the surface appearance of de sade as pornographer to find value in what is cursorily dismissed as naught but tasteless perversion . according to moore 's analysis of de sade 's writing , the virgin needs the libertine to complement her chastity , as much as he needs her pristine purity to define who he is . yet , a deeper understanding of moore 's treatise on de sade reveals that wholeness is the object of the soul 's journey , and that experiencing the self as holy -- at the expense of being whole -- unjustly deprives the psyche of its completion . he believes that every human being should be in touch with his sadean side -- at least mentally -- for human potential not explored is what cripples the soul . just as there is no stick that has but one end , human potential and creativity must at least acknowledge , without necessarily favoring , the dark side of the psyche so that it 's full complexity can be known and appreciated . for moore , as well as for de sade , the perverse side of the personna that is forbidden to manifest itself mentally becomes the powerful driving force for enactment in the psycho-socially mal-adjusted person . it is perhaps society 's denial of our own dark eros that enrages and offends most when we see it demonstrated in others , for that denial surely perverts any attempt at self-knowledge , and forces the soul to assume a posture of balance and completeness that is false , lame , and ultimately unhealthy . moore hints that without personal aknowledgment of the darker depths of our psyches , as de sade so blatantly illuminates , we can not hope to soar to our greatest heights , for what we resist persists , and the chains of denial keep us tethered to terra firma instead of flying the limitless skies of our divinity . this book is not a quick read , nor is it for the judgmental or faint of heart . it requires time , and a certain willingness examine our own depths , not favoring the dark , forbidden aspects of our psyche , but rather admitting that a sadean dark eros lies hale and hearty within us all , waiting to be revealed to honest introspection for spiritual growth through courage of heart .
wow , i just received `` reiter in '' and am in agreement with other reviewers . chris whitley has always been a favorite of mine , ever since the stunning debut of `` living with the law '' . i saw chris on tour supporting that album in seattle , on a double bill with toad the wet sprocket . the auditorium was packed with young seattle suburbanites to see toad , then when chris took stage , half the place emptied out . the faithful , knowing remainders witnessed a typical chris show ; searing , passionate , but also flawed and overly amplified . chris chain-smoked the entire show , and said little to the audience , but when i left i knew i 'd seen an artist with no peer . `` reiter in '' is an amazing cd-probably for the first time , chris sounds like part of a band and not just a phenomenal solo artist in front of backing musicians . although unpolished and recorded to analog , the band is cohesive , lending a jukejoint feel to chris ' guitar playing . this music does n't even directly compare to his previous stuff-it 's got elements of led zeppelin/the black keys/ '' achtung baby '' u2 , with some depression era blues tossed in between . rather than annotating his impending death with dusty acoustic dirges , chris gave us sweaty , soulful , life-affirming music , a most fitting end-note
if you 're into programming games for pocket pc this is the book for you ! an incredible resource that integrates the basics into an easily solvable puzzle
randi does a good job exposing geller . the only problem is that sometimes randi does n't go all the way and reveal the magic trick for fear of giving away magician 's secrets . this book is out of print , since no one pays attention to geller anymore ( partly due to randi 's efforts ) . having said that , i would also like to point out that randi is n't always fair in his tests of psychics . i 'm not endorsing psychics mind you , i just think randi should give credit when it 's due . for instance , when randi was on the `` ron and ron '' radio show on wynf in <NUM> ( ? ) , he asked psychic gary spivey what he would be doing on wed. night . spivey correctly guessed randi would be flying on an airplane , to which randi , who was obviously flustered , spat and sputtered and finally said `` well , anyone could have guessed that ! '' later , host ron bennington pointed out , if `` anyone '' could have guessed , why did randi ask it in the first place ? randi should have just laughed it off and said `` ok , let 's see you do that again ! '' so , how do i know randi is right about geller ? when faced with the alternative of uri geller being given psychic powers by aliens or using magic tricks , i would take magic tricks as an eplanation .
this book is a brilliant example of mathematics at it 's best . it is from scientific american , so you know you can trust it . and it is written at an understandable level , quite a feat for many very complex topics . the book features incredible illustrations , every concept is laid out in a colorful image . if you like the works of m.c . escher , you will like this book . it has a lot of substance to it , and it will keep you busy thinking for a long time , and that 's time well spen
i ask the question and ask that people open themselves up to the possiblity that some elections in the past have been stolen . i 'm not picking on either republicans or democrats as i 'm sure both sides have their shady dealings . i do believe that the information on this documentary as well as noam chomsky 's documentaries and gore vidal 's books are very telling . i question whether democracy is alive anymore and if it is too late in our life times to correct this . a stunning view of a behind the scenes look at the <NUM> presidential election . much of the info in this documentary was not on the major news networks ... hmmm , i wonder why
i highly recommend this for beginners . a very good ab workout and it improves flexibility . very easy to follow
this book is an excellent resource for church education staff . this book covers some basic principles ( or laws as he calls them ) regarding teaching in the church environment . the law of readiness is my personal favorite of the bunch , as it basicially states that both student and teacher must be prepared for the teaching environment . this is so true and often followed in higher education , but perhaps not very well followed in church education . the sad news is that typicially the teacher is blamed for the students poor scholarship or lack orf learning . but according to henricks a student must study , must come to class on time , and must be interested in the material to proactively learn . there is much more good stuff in this book . grab it its a great read
a very good film , swordfish , brings to the screen the story of hacker who is hired by the underworld to break a bank code resulting in the release of millions of dollars . hugh jackman , halle berry ( who is gorgeous ! ) , john travolta and the rest of the cast , carry out their performances very well . the highlight of the movie has to be halle berry 's nude scene at the pool . in short , the setting , the plot , the dialogues and the music are all wonderful ! swordfish is a movie definitely worth watching , as it will surely provide for an evening 's entertainment !
thanks vicki , for being obedient . you recorded some songs that i had heard of ( he 's been faithful , in the presence ) . i was n't prepared for your record to be solidly a blessing . do n't take that as an insult , but i was tempted to only listen to those songs , but i said `` christian , you need to just listen to the cd . '' from the start , it tells me the direction of the record , and it 's an awesome dedication to the lord '' it gives me tools to worship with , thanks for staying in the industry and minsitering . also , your child is cute
one of the most re-watchable sci-fi movies ever made . i can watch this move anytime , anyplace and get just as much enjoyment as the first time i saw it . very cool and clever special effects that make the planet feel very `` other-worldly . '' awesomely done cgi creatures which we see more of little by little throughout the movie . absolutely great scenes such as the creatures pulling fry down the hole , paris shooting fire with his liquor in the dark night and glimpsing the creatures hovering around him , what riddick `` sees '' with his eyes , riddick gutting one of the creatures after holding it 's arms , riddick staying in one of the creatures blind spots , and the overall cinematography and pace of the film and way the scenes cut from one to the next . the story is simple -- survival -- yet highly effective and entertaining with all the characters ' pasts and secrets and the choices they have to make throughout the film mixed in with a unique environment and threat . if you like any type of sci-fi , you should enjoy this movie . best riddick lines : `` did not know who he was * & # $ ing with . '' `` i absolutely believe in god . and i hate the # $ % ^er .
the three parts of the title of this review illustrate the three main conflicts in this classic western . the main conflict is this : an accused criminal ( burdette ) is held in jail on the orders of sheriff chance ( john wayne ) . burdette 's many friends attempt several times to spring burdette from jail . the setting is texas sometime after the alamo , and there is a significant hispanic flavor in this western . the following information is provided for those viewers concerned about the levels of violence in films . this western includes a great deal of shooting , and there are actual scenes of people dead and dying of gunshot wounds . in addition , dynamite is used as a weapon . dude , an under-sheriff of sorts , had experienced personal tragedies in the recent past , and became a hard-core alcoholic . burdette 's men refer to him with contempt , calling him as a barfly . throughout this flick , dude tries to free himself from the bottle . a number of scenes show him trembling from withdrawal symptoms ( d. t. , delirium tremens ) . at one point , his hands become so unsteady from the d. t. that he wants to quit his job . in spite of his best efforts , he is about to drink again . but he pours the alcohol back into the bottle , demonstrating at this point both his mastery over alcoholism and the renewed steadiness of his hands , indicative of the passing of his d. t. but the conflict continues . alcoholism is so insidious . is dude actually victorious over his alcoholism , or will he break down and drink again ? i will not spoil the ending by revealing it . stumpy , another under-sheriff of sorts , is assigned to guard the jail . sheriff chance does not want stumpy engaged in gunfights because the latter walks with a limp , and would probably be a liability in a gunfight . but stumpy resents his subsidiary role , and longs for the action . will stumpy remain relegated to the sidelines , or will he see a part of the action ? see the film . burdette 's friends resort to several ploys in order to free burdette from jail . at one point , they capture dude and use him as a hostage . they want to exchange him for burdette . sheriff chance , having other ideas , agrees to this exchange . will dude be safely returned ? and will burdette go free ? again , i will not spoil the ending by revealing it .
this year for our church christmas concert , we are doing a collection of michael w. smith 's christmas music . to my delight , two of the songs - emmanuel and christmas hymn - were ones i fell in love with twenty years ago while listening to this collection on cassette . warm and bright , and still as fresh now as it was in the early <NUM> 's , this is still one of my favorite amy grant albums and one of my favorite christmas albums
this was an interesting read . napolitano is a fox news contributor who is an advocate of interpreting via natural law and reading the constitution literally for it 's intended meaning . as a result , the fox news bashers will tend to ignore the book but it 's worthy of their attention too because the leftwing liberal idea of reinterpeting the constitution for today is what lead to legislation like the patriot act . in an unbiased way ( politically ) , his criticisms of the current administration are well-balanced with a good explanation and examples of abuse . i 've traditionally been a supporter of the republicans and the patriot act but the judge 's book have made me rethink the patriot act . i was also surprised at how far back in time some of the interpretation contraversies go , some dating back to hamilton and jefferson themselves
this movie shows that south park was never intended to be a kid 's show . when the show was seen through the human eye it was also then known that it was n't concidered a kid 's show . this movie is outrageous and shows the hilarious side of vulgar language . any south park fan who is offended by vulgar language is used to the show being cencored on tv . this movie is not for the easilly offended . especially for people easily offended to the f word . this movie is hilarious and extremely outrageous . on comedy central they got away with airing it on tv only by showing it uncencored . great film for the south park fan and the ones not offended buy vulgar language
a superb literary work ! when i read carlos 's writings , it brought tears to my eyes . he was writing about my father and mother 's hardships and triumps in the <NUM> 's livermore and pleasanton area of california . we were one of the first filipino families of that area and my parents worked hard through all the hardships to graduate five children from major california universities . as filipino americans we owe much to the manong generation . many of the manong generation are buried with full military honors . many have fought and died alongside their brothers from the midwest , the south and all over america.it 's a tribute to a proud segment of the greatest generation of america , the wwii generation
fareed zakaria rightly forces his readers to think harder than they usually do about the interdependence existing between freedom and democracy . in the west , constitutional liberalism , with its checks and balances , gave birth to modern democracy . however , too much democracy can paradoxically lead to less freedom . think for instance about humiliated germany after wwi under the weimar republic and its subsequent mistreatment of different minorities for specious reasons under the nazis . similarly , more choices can result into less accountability . think for instance about those who fail to plan financially for old age independent of a social security system increasingly at risk of insolvency due to shifting demographics . in the u.s. and overseas , right without responsibility is usually as immoral and unjust as responsibility without right . unelected bodies such as the u.s. supreme court , the u.s. federal reserve , or the world trade organization are a necessary evil . expertise of their respective members is judged more important than their democratic legitimacy to hopefully pursue the better good of either a human community or a society of sovereign states . these unelected officials are not held accountable to the tyranny of instant gratification that too many elected officials perceive , rightly or wrongly , among a majority of their constituents . because unelected bodies are a necessary evil to account for human weaknesses , they should remain the exception rather than the rule . pleading for an increase in unelected bodies , though well-intentioned , could paradoxically lead to a weakening support of the best-in-class in their respective categories .
this <NUM> version of the oscar wilde classic romantic is as good to watch today as it ever was . michael redgrave stars as ernest worthing , ( whose name , in fact , is really john ) , a man who , as a baby , had been found in a bag in the cloakroom at victoria station . the story is a comedy of errors and confusions around names , in particular the name ernest . mr worthing wants to marry gwendoline , daughter of the formidable lady bracknell . he dare not tell his beloved that his name is not really ernest as she has expressed a desire only to wed a man of that name . gwendoline 's cousin , algernon , is pursuing mr worthing 's ward , cecily , but she does not know his real name , she believes he is called ernest . the comedy starts when cecily and gwendoline meet for the first time and realise they are both betrothed to ` ernest worthington ' . the film stars margaret rutherford as miss prism and dame edith evans as the snobbish lady bracknell . both actresses play their roles extremely well , as you would expect from such grand dames of the stage . there are a few extras on this dvd ( region <NUM> version ) which include a profile of ` the importance of being earnest ' , a ` behind the scenes ' gallery , a theatrical trailer and biographies of the main actors and the director . the picture is crystal clear and the colours bright . sound quality is good and there are subtitles for the hard of hearing . all in all , a very good version of one of wilde 's best known and loved works .
as a convert from protestantism , i have struggled with the place of the blessed virgin mary in my personal spirituality as well as my defense of the faith . father mcbride 's images of mary has been a turning point for me . he has treated the reader as a thinking adult and as a pilgrim . his synthesis of personal devotion with the writings of the church fathers , church councils , and contemporary writers has resolved many objective and subjective dilemmas for me . i have given the book to many friends . my wife and teenage children are studying it with me . i am particularly thankful for his tender use of iconography as way of catechizing from the heart
this book , which is basically the memoirs of a young german soldier fighting in russia during wwii , was tragic but fascinating . the language that young willy reese is beautiful and gripping . the young man who wrote this , in other words , was a prolific writer . he used captivating language and an unbridled vocabulary . his metaphors and allusions where breath taking and you never got bored from the raw detail that he used to describe the horrors of war . and with this book you also gain an unparalleled account of the horror and wickedness of fighting in the eastern front . i would recommend this book if you like wwii history or if you like to read a pseudo-prose poem and memoir with outstanding and fantastic language
i absolutely love this movie . hanks and ryan have so much chemistry together and the story is so adorable . i have watched this movie so many times and love it more every time !
now , i know i 'm not the only one that realizes that critics barely know what the hell their talking about . i must admit that the first time i heard this album i was not that thrilled by it . but the more i heard it , it quickly became one of my favorites . i think this album is very underated and quite brilliant . i believe that this album allowed prince to develope as an artist in a big way .
that you will discover them very soon - buy this disc ! seriously , i had vinyl of both of these releases in college and as cd 's took over replaced my vinyl with this . it 's pure psychedelic power pop done right , combining sing along hook happy elements of the beatles , ethereal layered guitar work with background electronics that really put it `` out there '' . front man mitch easter of course played a hand in putting rem at the forefront of college radio and it 's unfortunate that his excellent work with let 's active never really made it into the mainstream consciousness . those who have heard it know . buy this , love it , and then move on to big plans for everybody
of the songs on the cd heaven must be missing an angel was the best . to dance or roller-skate to it was a blast
great movie .... you fall in love with the character that whoopi is trying to save . it 's classic whoopi humor ..... i love the slippers .
this book is so lushly written that you ca n't help but feel as though you are watching these characters ' lives unfold from their kitchen windows . it feels like they are your friends , especially margaret . max is a sweet guy , whose heart is in the right place . edie , i did n't care so much for . the plot twist is surprising , if not a bit humorous with the running joke throughout the novel , and a little far fetched , but it does n't hurt the book in any way . this is a five star read all the way . there are so many little details that minot gives that toy with your emotions . things that a lot of authors would leave out or would n't think of to begin with that really give this book an added realism . i was sad when it ended , but will definitely look for more books from this author
look here , i knew that there was more to this band than express yourself . this cd more than satisfied that . everything on here bumps . i can do without the slow stuff , but overall , mr. wright and company did they thang ! ! ! ! ! uhhhhh ! ! ! ! i love charles ' voice ; especially on your love ( means everything to me ) . that stands out because it sounds like his voice was all shot and he still found something in it to deliver . if you like true blue funkiness , then get this . it is cats and bands like this that never get played on the radio , which sucks , that really bring that sausage gravy vibe . you will understand that latter once you cop this or download it
this is the best cd in the world ! yoko is the best and every song is great and her voice , so soothing . <NUM> * !
although not as beautiful as her previous release ( s ) this album is still a triumph of beauty . her voice is still undeniably pleasant here , and every song has its strength . personal highlights include 'the light ' , 'image of ' and 'blessings flow ' . certainly a complete change of style from her older work , but still more than sufficient for any michelle tumes fan and anyone into christian music
loreena 's voice on this and every album is amazing - so perfectly suited to celtic music . the first song i ever heard her sing was `` the lady of shalott '' ( played on public radio in nc ) . i had to stop the car and close my eyes ! buy this album and every other album of hers - i 'd be very surprised if you were the slightest bit disappointed
this cd was off the chain ! from start to finish . the grooves were tight , the lyrics were full of food for thought , and that voice ... that voice . it 's a melting pot of songs from politics , to sexuality , to love , to self consciencness . she spared no one on every subject she covered . my personal favorites are dead nigga blvd./priorities/earth/and god.fear.money . i did n't like the remix to pocketbook , it was just too loud for a style like hers . but other than that , this album to me is the best she ever put out . buy it , it 's worth it
arrived in good condition
noe has hit the nail on the head with his exceptional presentations and breakdowns of employee development ( my reason for choosing this book . ) his explanations of the need for the companies to become competitive and how to achieve it with traditional and cutting edge approaches makes this a must read . the reasons for training , how to do a needs assessment , and get employees to be the best they can be , becomes obtainable with his step by step processes . go for it . you wo n't regret it
just finished reading this book . what can i say ? this book seems to finally put the controversy to rest . phew ! what a relief , i thought i may actually have to start believing in god or something . this book is full of data and statistical analyses . it isn ` t much like all the other bible code books out there , and i ` ve read most of them . my favorite is cracking the bible code by j. satinover . this book ( dr. ingermanson ) is more scientific and gets down to the dirty work of disproving the codes scientifically . he calls himself a computer geek in his bio . and after reading his book i ` d have to agree with him . he has a strange sense of humour as well , almost appeasing . great book and puts the debate to rest once and for all
it 's always wise to be thankful for little miracles . that mississippi john hurt was `` rediscovered '' living only a mile away from the crossroads hamlet of avalon , ms , deduced from the title of a 78-rpm recording he 'd made in <NUM> , by a young guitar player from washington , dc , named tom hoskins , is a miracle we all should be grateful for . that hurt could still play and sing as well in <NUM> when hoskins found him as he did in <NUM> is another praiseworthy miracle . finally , that the library of congress showed the interest and was able to induce hurt to come to the coolidge auditorium in dc in july of <NUM> and record dozens of songs as the crowning achievement of his legacy is perhaps the biggest miracle of all , capped off with the fact that all of us now can enjoy those recorded gems with this double-cd set . hurt was one of the most lyrical country blues artists who ever lived . he was born and lived his whole life in the delta , yet he was untouched and uninfluenced by the great delta musicians ( patton , johnson , skip james , et.al . ) and their gruff , extroverted singing and string-busting guitar-playing tradition . hurt sang in a deep , quiet voice and played intricate , even delicate , patterns on his guitar . the masterpieces from'27 ( candy man , stackolee , louis collins , nobody 's dirty business , and , of course , avalon blues ) are all revived here and sound just as good as they did back in '28 ( the sound , of course , is much better ) . there are <NUM> titles in this 2-cd set and every one is a beauty . john hurt is a national treasure and these loc recordings are a testament to his genius . definitely grab these cds ( hopefully fuel will issue the remaining unissued sides in volume <NUM> ) and then get the <NUM> okeh recordings ( on a columbia cd ) and , finally , check out hurt 's newport and other post-rediscovery albums on vanguard ( on a nice 3-cd set ) . you will not be disappointed - the man was amazing .
this is one of danielle steel 's best books . it is about cooper winslow , a fading movie actor and lady 's man who is in financial trouble . she develops the character of `` coop '' well so it is easy to visualize him . coop decides to rent out his `` cottage '' guest wings for $ 10,000 a month to two different tenants . the story centers around his new tenants , their romances , activities and children . in the end , coop learns valuable lessons about sacrifice , giving to others and true love . a interesting story with a good message
this is the second in the secret texts trilogy and takes off where diplomacy of wolves ends . focusing on the rebirth of a prophet and the plan of the long dead dragons , a group of destructive magicians , to again rule the world , the twists are many and the action great . the sabirs figure greatly in both sides of the battle , and kait learns more about her karnee abilities . again the magical system is wonderfully complex and the consequences make magic anything but mundane . i could not put this book down , and ca n't wait for the next installment of the trilogy . lisle has increased her skills as a writer over the years , adding to her natural talent as a story teller . great characters , original settings , a winner
when i play this audiotape in the car , my kids want to play the same games as the kids on the tape . it quiets them down . i give them a choice of this tape and childrens tapes and they always say , & quot ; let 's do icps & quot ; . that stands for i can problem-solve , the names of the games on this tap
the chapter titled `` aloha '' is central to waimea williams ' book , both in its position and its importance . in it , she discusses what this word means to her , and to others . she says , `` to lack aloha in even a small way meant being selfish , which was deeply embarrassing , and children accused of selfishness would correct this at once by giving stashed-away candy to a brother , or doing someone else 's chores without grumbling . '' for me , the most remarkable and beautiful aspect of this book is how it is , itself , a perfect example of `` aloha . '' it 's a memoir , certainly , and much that the author shares is distinctly personal , but her stories are starting points and illustrations - the book immediately expands beyond her own experiences to include many voices . missionaries , journalists , ancient rulers and taro farmers are all heard from . so is the honolulu phone book . every specific recollection opens up to broader thinking : the glamorous rita hayworth pays a visit to the coco palms lodge , or is it the goddess pele incarnate ? this fits right into a discussion of the ancient ways , always right beside you in this place , and delivers us naturally to ideas about the contemporary globalization of traditional hawaiian religion . the book is about life in the <NUM> 's but it encompasses what came before , and provides a way to understand what came after . for a memoir , this is a very unselfish book . the author has shared her stashed-away candy with us , and it 's a treat
excellent recording , very destictively colored music .... i was impressed and am listening to it quite frequently .
i asked for this book because i thought it would give advice on how to raise daughters -- it does -- and more . dr. northrup begins by explaining how mothers and daughters are connected through the generations , and how we can only create a healthy relationship with our daughter when we heal our relationship with our mother . as we heal ourselves , we heal all the women who have gone on before us . this is only a sample of some of the insight she offers into our relationships as women . i 'll admit i was surprised by the holistic approach she takes , but am glad she offers that insight , as i 'm only vaguely familiar with some of the ideas/theories and believe i have more to grow in that area . rather than a book geared towards raising children ( i 've read my share -- and i thought that 's what this book would be ) i would categorize this book as a self-help book geared toward strengthening and creating a healthy relationship with your mother and daughter . very pleased with everything i 've read
a lot of character exploration in this collection . a lot of the x-men being the young people they are have started to couple up . there are also some breaks with colossus and nightcrawler having problems after colossus has come out . the major storyling is the phoenix . is jean grey the phoenix ? i ca n't say without spoiling it , but it does not follow the path of the traditional marvel universe . overall it was a good story , the artwork is a but uneven at times , but it works for the most part
i used to be a good friend to rush . i listened to his program all the time . when i first saw this book , i ignored it . finally , after it had been in the window of our bookstore for several months , i picked it up and looked inside . i was amazed ! however , i had to put it down because i thought it was too negative . it called rush names . i did not need to have that . finally , i tried getting it at the library , but they said they did not have a copy , because they said it was `` too controversial . '' so when the price came down , i bought a used copy for a couple of bucks , and read the whole thing . i was amazed some more ! rush used to have <NUM> million listeners to his talk show . he was a legendary , rich talk show host . this book tells you exactly how rush became a rich , popular talk show host . and he is thinner now that he has recovered from his unfortunate drug problem . and you know , that sort of thing could happen to anybody . but i had trusted rush , and his values , and i kind of felt he let me down . so for me , the title is not appropriate . rush limbaugh is a big , rich talk show host who cuts corners on his values would be a better title . rush is no idiot , either . now , by some `` coincidence '' al franken is a talk show host too . and , i bet he learned how by studying how rush did it ! if franken can do it , you can do it ! do n't miss out on this great opportunity ! get a copy . look how cheap it is now . tell your friends
i just finished reading the wizard of ads , and was completely impressed with it on every level . my husband read it first and almost insisted that i read it as well . i 'm glad i did . it was very informative and easy to read as well . before reading this book , i was looking at the online reviews and noticed the one titled `` too religious , too partisan , yuck ! '' or something like that . after reading this book and learning a little bit about roy williams , i feel compelled to respond to his comments . this book is in no way religious , and contains absolutely no political content whatsoever . the person who wrote that review apparently found out that roy williams once had lunch with a conservative governor , and that he might be a christian . he thought that reason enough to call williams `` creepy '' and blast a book which it seems he never even read . then in the middle of his review , this guy starts raling against the bush administration and how he 's responsible for boring tv ads during the super bowl . what ? ? ? this is obviously a bitter person who is just looking for reasons to slam people that might hold views different from his own . but in this case , the criticism could n't be more unwarranted . roy williams has personally trained executives from companies such as proctor and gamble , usa today , and many others . the wizard of ads was named business book of the year , and hit # <NUM> on both the wall street journal and new york times business best seller list . you will find absolutely no political or religious activism of any kind in this book . what you will find is extremely valuable advice that , if applied , will make your business more profitable .
if you only read one book in the shane scully series , this book should be it ! it offers a storyline unlike the same-old , same-old cop stories one gets used to
first , let me start off by saying i think the casting choices for this movie were perfect . i had doubts that the movie would be any good , because i 'm not exactly a fan of jennifer lopez 's acting , but she did a brilliant job playing her part . the movie had great sensual dance seens , and a substantial , interesting storyline to go with it . i 'm addicted to dance movies , and anyone who says a dance movie with older people in it ca n't be good is definitely wrong . richard gere was amazing . this movie rocked
i recently discovered i have multiple food allergies . this cookbook has been extremely useful . i have tried about a dozen recipes in the past <NUM> weeks . all recipes have turned out well , and have been very tasty . i would recommend this cookbook to other allergy sufferers . i found the sections on the different flours and how to rotate my diet very useful
i made several recepes from this book some time ago , i cant wait to but another book , i just love nigella and her books , they are facinating ! ! and so entertaining
this is a fascinating book about one of the best ( relatively ) young directors working . as usual , mr. parish has done his homework . the background material is great and helps give a really vivid picture of the person . i really feel i got to know mr. van sandt from reading this book , not only him , but his family and associates growing up . the descriptions of his early works are especially interesting . mr. parish is one of the most thorough writers when it comes to work credits of his subjects . i also enjoy this section of his books . i definitely recommend this book
preety decent movie based on the life of buddy holly , do n't know how much is true , there might be some exaggerations , but hey no biography is <NUM> % fact ....... what is fact is he put out a lot of catchy hits in the span of <NUM> years , before he got killed in a private plane crash at <NUM> years old that also claimed the lives of pop stars ritchie valens and j.p. `` the big bopper '' richardson in february <NUM> ...... good biopic , not sappy and stands the test of time
this concise introduction to critical thinking presents rules for clear thinking , valid communications , and creating and assessing persuasive arguments . its <NUM> brief pages are readily accessible to high school students , and useful to anyone interested in offering correct evidence and valid reasons to support conclusions . when so much of what we read , hear , and see is intended to persuade us , or even mislead us , it is important to distinguish valid arguments from careless or manipulative ones . if good writing is clear thinking made visible , then this book provides excellent advice for writers . as a rulebook , it begins by presenting <NUM> rules for clearly constructing a valid case supporting your conclusion . it then turns to applying these rules for writing argumentative essays . it also treats fallacies and includes an appendix on correct use of definitions . the author recognizes this book is only an introduction to these topics and provides a good list of further reading . fallacies are seductive and often go unnoticed and unchallenged . in this book , many fallacies are described alongside the rules they violate . a short chapter then names and briefly describes many types of fallacies . i would have liked to see this expanded . we have long recognized sexist and racist language and work to purge it from use . i look forward to a time when a broader set of fallacies will be routinely recognized and corrected in everyday conversation . perhaps then it will be common to interrupt the speaker to say something like : `` excuse me , but you just used the fallacy of modus ponens by affirming the consequent . please correct that logic error before proceeding . ''
after the letdown of the previous book in this series , it is nice to see stephanie plum back at her real occupation , ace bounty hunter . well , maybe ace is not the right term , but let it be . the characters are fine and funny , as in the first ten books . the gritty streets of new jersey are not exactly scenic but they are very real . and there is an actual plot , rather than a series of humorous sketches that wear thin when not attached to anything . as for dialogue , that 's why janet evanovich 's fans keep coming back for more . she has a real knack , an excellent ear for the nuances of street dialogue . i can now rest easy for a while , knowing the writer has not run out of material . my greatest hope is that she does n't have a relapse in the 13th episode , that triskadecaphobia does n't do in our heroine . p.s . this is the very best of the twelve books in the plum series , and stephanie holds the record for the most times a central figure is tasered in all of fiction
marc anthony is the man.i love this cd infact , as i am writing this i am listening to `` i need you '' one of the songs from the cd.this cd gets a 10/1
it is a good book recommended from cuttle
tragic '' is a word that may become synonymous with the name of edie sedgwick . the <NUM> stars are for edie 's smile , and nothing more . this `` let 's start '' , and then `` stop '' , `` start again '' cycle of this film presents as a messy , disorganized glance at ms. sedgwick 's disturbing life . another 'tragedy `` exists here . our educated culture should recognize that if edie were n't exceptionally beautiful , there would n't have been much fuss over an ancestor of a historically noted family . beauty still takes precedence over most other attributes . it 's been over <NUM> years since the death of edie sedgwick , but the `` glam-famishished '' still wo n't let the beauty get her rest . the film 's black and white scenes show the brilliance of edie 's past beauty , but are all cut and pasted into a confusing , tangled decoupage . the additional color footage of the next decade is woven in carelessly . if it was just edie 's glowing wedding sequence that were included , it would 've been much easier to watch . the `` two teenagers '' who appear in the the colored segments seem out of time with edie 's glory days of the <NUM> 's . this is not a spiraling masterpiece.not a work of art nor imagination galore . just commercial trash for the star struck . for other than commercial purposes , it is a film that spotlights it 's own defeat .
very entertaining . you can find some plot faults but at the end of the day this is simply good entertainment for those of us that like fast moving shows and like to see the good guys win
i have been a technical writer for years . this book has made me re-think how i write technical articles . it is excellent . it has clear , concise instruction and examples . if you are planning to learn more about how to create technical writing this is the book
in the past years i have ordered from individuals via amazon as opposed to amazon.com directly . this time , this particular item was offered through amazon at basically the same cost and i received the item faster than i ever had before . from now on if amazon offers any item i wish to purchase , i 'll order it through amazon directly .
`` shadowfires '' was another wonderful book in the long line of great koontz novels , and this one was no different . we have the story of a woman named rachel , and her husband , eric leben . eric was a doctor in genetics who was fighting with his wife until he is pushed in front of a bus , by her , and killed . rachel felt that maybe freedom was at last hers , until hours later , eric is missing from the morgue , and we learn the awful truth of his secret work . i felt that this book had action from the very first few pages , and did not stop until the very last word . i was thrilled with the roller coaster of a ride that koontz took me on , and i could not put the book down once i started on the journey . koontz makes great use of location , and our fears of within , to give us this great chiller of the experiments of man to be more than human . a definite gem in the koontz collection , a must have for any collector , and a great place to start for anyone taking a look at his work for the first time . a masterpiece . my only wish of this book : it should have been made into a movie . -c
existence and perception in a phenomelogical sense ; that is , physical health , emotional well-being , and spiritual contentedness are ways of describing aspects of one single , non-local reality . he advocates an approach to western allopathic medicine which seriously examines the conditions of one 's emotional and spiritual health . why ? again , the state of one aspect of a person 's reality influences , or perpaps even determines , the state ( s ) of the others . dr. dossey , in essence , is presenting an introduction to developing a healthy and homeostatic relationship within the world of an individual as well as the world in a very universal sense . a highly recommended read
`` the killing sky '' is the fifth book in robert gandt 's great series of novels about brick maxwell , and it 's one of the two best . ( my other favorite is `` acts of vengeance '' , the second book in the series . ) brick maxwell is a u.s. navy pilot and squadron leader , flying an f/a-18 super hornet off the aircraft carrier uss ronald reagan , stationed in the eastern end of the mediterranean sea . the story starts with a joint exercise with the israeli air force ending with an american f/a-18 getting shot down for real ! what went wrong ? did the israeli pilot really push the missile launch button instead of just announcing a simulated kill ? and why does the female israeli mossad agent make a play for brick maxwell ? is she trying to get information out of him or does she have other motives ? this book contains the same three general plot elements as most of robert gandt 's novels : - exciting `` you 're sitting in the cockpit '' descriptions of modern navy flight operations , with dogfights , carrier-based landings and takeoffs , and push-button warfare with modern smart bombs and missiles . - geopolitical machinations , this time involving high-level americans and israelis and palestinians . and to keep the excitement up there are internal conflicts within each national group , including a really nasty american political envoy with presidential ambitions . - romantic involvement for brick , this time involving not just one but two women . i liked this book a lot , despite the rather slow start . the suspense gets cranked up by the under-handed dealings going on between the politicians and the resulting armed conflicts between the palestinians , the israelis and the american forces . is the united states really going to invade palestine and engineer a democratic process , just like in iraq ? and who is really behind the decisions that are causing the continued escalation of hostilities ? one of my criticisms of robert gandt 's novels is that the characters do n't really come across as real people . this is still true in `` the killing sky '' , but less so than in the first books in the series , another plus for this book . recommended for all fans of military action novels , as is the whole brick maxwell series . rennie peterse
we 've been listening to this one every night for 16months , and we still love it . the music is beautiful , not cloying or sweet . and maybe it 's just because we do n't understand the lyrics , but it doesnt ' get tiresome or seem condescending like so much children 's music does . not every song is a winner - there 's one that 's slightly annoying -- but basically , this is music i 'd listen to even if i did n't have twins . plus , as soon as it goes on my kids start nodding off . maybe it 's just a pavlovian response , but hey , whatever works
robin williams was perfectly cast as jakob heim . the critics hated this movie , but i enjoyed it alot . this is one of my favorite robin williams films , next to good will hunting and dead poets society . this is a great holocaust movie and you should buy it or at least rent it
in <NUM> , playwrites jerome lawrence and robert e. lee published their play , inherit the wind , in response to the anti-communist lynch-mob mentality of the post-wwii/korea era . based in part on the historical events of the <NUM> scopes `` monkey '' trial in dayton , tennessee , lawrence and lee delved into the questions of tryanny by the majority and mob rule through the dramatization of the week-long `` circus '' surrounding the trial . the subsequent faithful screen adaptation of the story in <NUM> employed not only the explosive dialogues and confrontations of hypocracy of the play but also employed the magnificent performances of acting legends spencer tracy and fredric march . portraying , respectively , rumpled and disheveled defense attorney henry drummond ( clarence darrow in the real-life trial ) and the religious populist and volunteer prosecutor matthew harrison brady ( william jennings bryan ) , this film adaptation grips the imagination and leaves viewers emotionally and physically grasped by the courtroom proceedings and by the various confrontations between the old world that was and the new world that was coming . this film is as compelling today and perhaps moreso than it was when it was first released . anyone wanting to enjoy two bravura performances of two of america 's truly great actors is encouraged to set aside a couple of well-spent hours to watch and experience this film
if you want to know why it is such a big deal that the boston red sox won the world series , you should check this out . it neatly summerizes all the facts and superstitions that surrounded this team for <NUM> years , not including the <NUM> season . watching this on hbo made me a rex sox fan over a year ago . consider this a condenced first part of a trilogy that includes `` still , we believe '' , and whatever red sox championship dvd is soon to come out
i ca n't believe someone would not enjoy this cd . my <NUM> kids ( ages <NUM> and <NUM> 1/2 ) love this cd . sometimes it is the only thing that will keep them happy . i will admit , if you are new to laurie berkner , it seems a little boring at first . but , after listening to it a couple of times , it is incredible . the words are so easy to learn and the tunes are catchy . i do n't even mind if they are trapped in my head all day ( unlike the other kid songs we have ) . we also have we are the dinosaurs , and love that one , too . i ca n't wait to get laurie 's other <NUM> cds . i tell everyone about laurie berkner , she is a true gem
this is an amazing cd too bad they did n't get the attention they richly deserve i recomend this cd to fans of <NUM> doors down , seether and nickleback
this is one of my all-time favorite movies ! the atmosphere is dreamlike - expressed in the boy 's sleepwalking and the unrepressable subconscious - a thing that communism disavows . thus , the boy 's very being becomes an expression of natural defiance toward the coming communist regime under tito and its spirit-crushing regime . a classic flic . highly recommended
even though this movie has some `` miles '' on it ... it never seems to be `` dated '' .. the story is still full of suspense ... and even though we have seen it several times .. it never grows old . we live in a small fifth wheel .. fulltime and this is one of the movies we both voted to take with us for those rainy days ! a `` must-have '' for anyone who loves movies
this was a great play , deborah cox was wonderful , the singing of all the characters was unbelievable . the interaction between the male characters was hysterical . the character of khalif added just the right amount of spice to the pot without being over the top . all in all a great play about the african american male-female relationship at all different age levels
this collection of essays masterfully ( or mistressfully ? ) weaves together autobiography , thealogy , feminist theory , and first-rate religious scholarship into an intoxicating blend that is at once moving and informative . christ raises many critical points that anyone doing contemporary theology ( particularly jewish or christian ) should seriously take under consideration . i am an american male graduate student in philosophy of religion who is pretty familiar with writings in feminist theology/thealogy , and i must say that christ 's prose ( in this book as well as her other work -- '' rebirth of the goddess '' is my personal favorite ) is some of the most lyrical and provocative stuff i have ever had the pleasure of reading . this type of religious writing is just the breath of fresh air the often stagnant academy needs . taste and see for yourself
whatever the motivations may have been behind this <NUM> film concerning sting 's somewhat self-concious transition from spiky-haired posterboy for the <NUM> 's new wave scene to serious jazz artiste , the fact remains that it is one of the better rockumentaries out there . director michael apted delivers an ultra-slick production with an `` a+ '' grade in the cinematography , editing and sound departments as we follow sting and his crack back up band ( ex-weather report , miles davis players ) rehearsing in a french chateau for a `` debut '' performance in paris . most of the material is from the outstanding `` dream of the blue turtles '' album ( which sting has yet to match since-this was his artistic peak , imho ) . there are some `` oh so precious '' moments-especially a sequence depicting a `` goofy '' photo-shoot in paris , with sting being chased through public squares ( and most embarassingly , a public fountain-what , suddenly he 's anita ekberg in `` la dolce vita '' ? ) by a hyper little weasel wielding a camera and wearing a fez , who i really wished to see drop-kicked into the seine . my favorite `` spinal tap '' moment : sting 's dictatorial manager ( miles copeland , former police svengali and founder/president of irs records ) goes off on a set designer for her `` lack of imagination '' on what he perceives to be a drab and dismal stage look for the big show , against which she admirably stands her ground and testily retorts that sting had told her he wanted a `` brechtian effect '' . ( you could n't write something that funny . ) the tardy yet belated release of the film on dvd should satisfy rock doc collectors with its excellent sonics , sparkling transfer and bonus videos from the period
the way you think in the lab and the office really can directly impact innovation . even though this book was written about business , i have learned how to reapply its lessons to innovation - specifically kenichi helps to define and measure success and define the `` deliverables '' or `` outputs '' that innovation has to produce in order to become a reality . kenichi has a clear description of the biggest factors ( the <NUM> c 's ) impacting your success in business - the company , the competition , and the customer/consumer . if you look at innovation in this context , kenichi is actually also helping us innovators define `` what success looks like '' : the product/technology the company makes , how technically different or better it is than competitive benchmarks or alternatives in the marketplace , and whether conusmers like it and want it . on the projects i have worked on , advised others on , or simply observed the ones that make consistently hit at least all <NUM> of these deliverables and often additional deliverables to . those that fall short of all <NUM> consistently fail . hope this helps scientists , managers , entrepreneurs , and anyone with a creative or problem solving mind . dr. ali alwattari innovation author and practitione
i was told to watch this film my a college professor many years ago and has since became one of my favorite films . i highly advice this movie for anyone interested in apartide issues
i love this book ! i have read a-c so far , and this is my favorite book so far . it has a really strong plot , and a surprising ending . this crime book series is great , and i highly suggest picking this book up , or even starting with a
this is a very fast paced workout . it took a couple of times through to learn the routine . denise does n't cue all that well . she 's very upbeat and energetic and constantly gives words of encouragement . most people do n't like that about her , but i think she is motivating . you definitely work all muscle groups and you 'll be sweating with this workout . i 'm tired , but invigorated by the end . i enjoyed this workout a lot
rashid khalidi is the edward said chair in arab studies at columbia university : his resurrecting empire : western footprints and america 's perilous path in the middle east blends history , current events and social issues in a penetrating examination of america 's growing involvement in middle east affairs . chapters document the history of such involvements and the likely outcome of the latest , drawing on the author 's vast political knowledge to paint a more damning picture than most . a 'must ' for any serious about middle east affairs .
i had seen kraftwerk live in ohio at the agora when they came out with computer world many years ago . i 've been waiting for another chance at seeing them `` live '' and this is it ! it 's been worth the wait ! this is muzik to get lost in , just close your eyes , lean back , and enjoy . :
i loved this book . the pacing was perfect , the characters well-drawn , and the writing style engaging . mickey haller , the lincoln lawyer of the title , and protagonist , is a hustler who works out of the back seat of one of his lincolns . he gets embroiled in a case that should be a real money maker . the author uses this background to set up a very believable ethical dilemma that makes this novel a very compelling read . this is the first michael connelly book i 've read , but based on this one , i 'm going back to read his others
this cd captures the experience of a live performance with elvis.you realize again what a unique voice elvis possessed and how much you miss him . i liked the cd and recommend it to elvis fans
i just got <NUM> thing <NUM> say.this ni * * a pastor troy got ga on lock.if u aint feelin his music , u aint feelin nothin.he got tha tightest beats , and tha tightest lyrics ever
the quintet , which forms my morning jacket , hail from louisville ky . the lead singer and band 's leader/founder has the unlikely name jim james . i have to assume that since jim is the shortened version for james , making his formal name james james , that his mother was drunk when she named him . j.j. founded the band in the late nineties with his cousin , guitarist john john . gotcha ! just kidding . cuzz 's name was john quaid . cuzz along with keyboardist danny cash , found the touring too much of a grind and left the band after the release of their third album . in addition to j.j. their current lineup consists of : two-tone tommy on bass , patrick hallahan on drums . late joiners bo koster ( keyboards ) and carl broemel ( guitar ) replaced quaid and cash . z my first impression of ` z ' was that it was quite a bit different than my typical choice for aural enjoyment . my second impression was that it was not something for which i would lay down fifteen bucks . my last and continuing impression was that there was , indeed some worthwhile enjoyable music emanating from my cd player . trying to categorize the band 's music is challenging . i word have to say the overall the band play 's an indie sounding pop-rock with forays into progressive , folk and alternative , even psychedelia . their music tends to be happy and poppy with a lot of variation between songs . the album starts off with a song named `` wordless , '' which actually reminds me of the song `` angel '' from the romeo and juliet soundtrack but with a mild cha cha style beat . it 's probably because of j.j. 's strong singing on the song but for me the similarities are strong . `` it beats <NUM> u '' white stripes beginning does n't impress me , but picks up in the middle with j.j. 's reverberated vocals , a cello , some whistling , finishing somewhat psychedelic . track three , `` gideon , '' has some interesting moments with j.j. sounding like he 's singing through a tunnel yet his vocal remain strong . the song has some noticeably good keyboards and the tempo builds ending in a crescendo . `` what a wonderful man , '' is a short mulligan stew style song featuring tavern kind of vocals and a tinny guitar . '' track five is `` off the record . '' i did n't particularly like the beginning but about a third of the way through it becomes a fabulous bluesy , psychedelic instrumental . `` in the woods '' starts out with a circus hammond which recurs throughout augmenting an um pah pah circus beat . the seventh song is `` anytime , '' probably the rockingest if not the catchiest song on the album . the next song at just over six minutes is the penultimate longest song . other than some really good piano parts , that seems to be the most memorable part of `` lay low . '' the ninth track , `` knot come loose , '' is a forgettable ballad but the last song `` dondante is an eight minute masterpiece , by far the best and most refreshing song on the album . '' beginning inauspiciously with j.j. singing to a slow casual beat and subtle guitar , the song heats up after a slow start , immediately after a nice guitar solo into an explosion of sound , featuring j.j. 's soaring vocals and a whining guitar , ala post rock style , before gradually fading out to obscurity . conclusion i do n't think i 'd plunk down fifteen bucks for `` z '' because even though it 's a pretty good album , i would seldom if ever be in the mood for this confluence of eclectically influenced music , especially since i tend to gravitate to the heavier variety of music . however , i can not help but feel that it would appeal to a large segment of the music buying public . are you one of them ? final rating <NUM> stars .
i heard some of steve coles music one day while listening to a satellite radio station . the music i heard was unbelieveable . smooth jazz sax full of soul . i ordered the cd thru amazon and have been playing it ever since . a great part of any smooth jazz collection
this cd was when dance music was ruling the world . take a journey back to the time of real music , and not a bunch of noise coming out of their mouths . music had a beat , a rhythm a style and most of all , it had class . you had to look at your best to be able to get into studio <NUM> . today , even with a baseball cap and eating a microphone you can talk sing . on this cd , you had to be the best to be able to dance , dance , dance . the music on this cd will take you back in time and relive the beauty of the dance floor , lights , and heart pounding bass that made you dance all night . this cd does just that .
i myself write westerns , so i bought this book in the hopes that it would help my writings be more accurate . while the information contained in this book is n't quite as specific as i would have liked , it does have some very interesting and entertaining facts , such as slang terms cowboys used , the terms used for the different hairstyles during the 19th century , and common diseases that plagued the population . it also lists the different types of horses , which is a tremendous help for me . if you write novels or are just an avid history buff ( of which i am both ) , then i think you will find this book interesting
between <NUM> and <NUM> , roxy music were in their `` hip '' phase and they were one of the best live acts ever , and still are today ( ca n't wait for their new album ! ) i was not around for their 70s touring ( * or for that matter , their manifesto-avalon tours , i was born in <NUM> ) . here is what i say about roxy music : move over pink floyd ! out of my way led zeppelin ! the who , this is n't a parking lot ! roxy music were the best band in all of the world and will always retain that position , with three frontmen : bryan ferry- the best singer in rock history and the best looking andy mackay- his saxophone playing will blow you away phil manzanera- his guitar playing is world-class and to top it all off , you have the great paul thompson , the most energetic drummer ever ! his drumming is not one little bit out-of-time . and of course , there 's the magnificent brian eno + eddie jobson who were the group 's synthesiser players from 1971-73 and 1973-76 respectively . jobson also played violin , which just added another coolness point . these guys are the only band that matters ! and they did n't sell out but still knew what top of the pops was ! only drawback to the album : not enough songs ! no three + nine ! no mother of pearl ! and no love is the drug ! otherwise , i give this <NUM> stars ps to everyone who says the clash were the only band that mattered , you guys suck
this book has been very helpful . it is easy to read , it is easy to look things up in and provides a nice section on treatments of different disorders as well as describing the disorder
how could you not love this whole set ? there are swinging tunes and there are those beautiful love songs . the last cut , ... `` the last dance '' closes out my new book , ... `` southside kid '' ( l. curt erler ) also available here at amazon.com if yoy dig frank 's music and those swinging days of jazz and rock'n'roll in chicago , ... you 'll enjoy `` southside kid '' keep smilin ' , cur
this delightful italian comedy , shows how rosalba , an italian hosewife , taken for granted by her family , who has lived her whole life in pescara , italy ... takes a vacation from them all to visit venice , italy . there she begins a new life with a zany group of characters who become her friends . she finds pleasure in simple everday life activities . she takes joy in spontaneously responding to the new experiences this vacation has opened for her . she meets a waiter , who provides her with a room to stay in when her funds are low . she gets a job in a florist 's shop , where the owner is an eccentric old gentleman who has the habit of discussing anarchy . she rekindles her musical talent after discovering an accordion ... rosalba is accepted for who she is by her new cohorts . in this environment , rosalba compares her old constrained stifling life with her recently discovered freedom . the question is , will rosalba give up her freedom , now that she has experienced independence ? the film begins as a tour guide describes ancient roman ruins and explains in lyrical verse how the greeks and italians intermarried and essentially began western civilization , the group is provided a snack break . rosalba is inadvertently left behind when she visits the ladies restroom where she accidentally drops her ring in the toilet . after fishing out the ring with a bit of difficulty , she steps out only to discover the tour bus driving off - without her . she telephones her husband mimmo who berates her for getting lost . this reaction on his part , gives her the spontaneous impetus to take a vacation on her own from her former life . the viewer can sense the birth of this plan as rosalba hitches a ride with two unusual characters ... the final destination of one of the drivers is venice , on the spur of the moment , as pescara , her home city is nearing , she decides to visit venice , a place she has wanted to see but never been . the crux of the comedy is built around how her macho husband , who owns a bathroom fixture business with his brother , attempts to track her down in venice . mimmo interviews a portly young man named constantino for a job as a plumber , when he discovers his hobby is reading detective stories , he offers constantino an opportunity to * become * a detective . constantino 's adventures in venice are very funny . when he gets to venice it is the busy tourist season and hotel rooms are scarce . a shady character offers him a hotel room which ends being a rinky dinky old houseboat ... to find rosalba , he posts flyers with her photo in many strategic locations around venice . after seeing one , rosalba phones and meets with him but manages to escape ... constantino follows her stealthfully to her apartment . grazia , the masseuse , mistakes him for a client and he lies to gain access into the building . grazia falls in love with him and constantino reciprocates the feelings . there are immensely funny episodes and comedic events which play out as this couple works out their relationship . rosalba does eventually return home to her family , filled with nostalgic memories about her independent vacation . suddenly , the waiter with whom she shared many delightful moments in venice visits her and declares his love ... rosalba has a serious decison before her , to remain in her old life or take up the new independent one . the viewer will be pleased with her choice . erika borsos [ pepper flower
mccammon delivers an excellent short story collection . you will get hooked on his writing style immediatly . there is plenty of gore and twists to even keep r.laymon fans satisfied . the short story entitled : blue world is somewhat of a spoiler in the row of brilliant horror storys of which chico is the best
i used to hate lap swimming but now i love it , and it 's because of this book . laughlin has reinvented swim instruction . he 's made it fun . he 's made it easy . and the resulting stroke is heaven . the exercises do take some effort and dilligence to master . but if you go slow do n't move on until you have mastered each exercise , as instructed , you 'll open up a whole new world of swimming enjoyment . i often feel like i 'm flying in the water . this former water buffalo now swims like a fish . note : there 's a brand new total immersion book being touted on the ti website , which i have n't read . you may want to look into that , instead . also , some reviews and ti suggest the dvd as the best method , but that was n't the case for me . in my case , it was the clear , detailed instructions in the book that made it happen .
even though i am a self-taught researcher of local and nc history and genealogies , i had not heard of this publication until i saw the author on pbs tv . i ordered the book from ... and am still in the process of reading it . it seems well documented and contains information i was not aware of until i read this book . i have helped two different african-american individuals research their families and so this subject was of interest to me . i recently was in court as a juror and was approached by a bystander who heard me describe my & quot ; line of work. & quot ; i told her of this book and how she could obtain a copy . she said she would like to add this publication to her personal library of publications on black research . i purchased this book for our local historical/genealogical library so that it could be used by everyone doing black research . i ony live about <NUM> miles as the crow flies from roanoke island and had never heard of this freedmen 's colony until now
loved the movie and the music . the soundtrack is good , but i was very disappointed not to have usher 's `` yeah '' on the soundtrack - the dancing scene is one of the best parts of the movie for goodness ' sake ! oh well , still a good cd
we all see different films , even when we see the same film . `` city of god '' is especially like that , with it 's linked stories that give multiple perspectives -- not unlike the linked stories used in postmodern novels . `` city of god '' gives us a story of crime , poverty , drugs , sex , homelessness , corruption , community ( in its own way ) , even odd bits of humor -- and a way out . a special feature on this dvd is the documentary `` news from a personal war '' which uses the same technique of multiple perspecitves in a brilliant effort to give a rounded view to a complex story of the drug war in rio . the movie i see would be titled `` portrait of an artist as a young brazilian '' played by alexandre rodrigues as rocket who narrates `` city of god . '' the dvd jacket says it so well : `` . . . a frail and scared young boy will grow up to discover that he can view the harsh realities of his surroundings with a different eye : the eye of an artist . '' i love the moment when his photos are discovered by the newpaper through a mistake and how that leads to rocket 's career as a journalistic photographer -- and his first hot shower , followed by his first sexual experience . this last part of the film is thrilling as rocket moves into a new world and then rockets between them . remember the lyrics that had a bouncing ball on top telling you what word to sing next ? just follow the bouncing ball here -- the words and story line of the young narrator as his heart 's wish comes true and he demonstrates considerable courage . -- janet grace riehl , author `` sightlines : a poet 's diary
i am a student in environmental planning and have found this book to be extremely useful . it address a variey of things such as watershed , storm discharge , streamflow , etc . it really gives the reader an idea of how to design with nature
this post-war made film ( <NUM> ) about wwii is rather retrospective and honest in its telling of the tale . wayne is very good here in an uncomplicated role . mixing , submarines , lurking enemy , and old flings or ex-flings with a lot of macho dialogue ( without preaching ) along the way , this film does not fail to entertain . george waggner 's direction give a lot of freedom to get his story across .
hazzard is an elegant , intelligent writer , and great fire is one of the finest novels in recent memory , but i was a bit disappointed by evening of the holiday , a slim novel which tells the summer love affair of a british traveler with an italian landowner . hazzard has great insight into human nature in general and culutral identity as well , and her lyrical descriptions of the italian countryside are lovely . however , the story here never quite engages ; the love affair is doomed from the start , we are assured , and hazzard ca n't quite keep us enthralled , as she usually does , although , as in all hazzard 's work , there are stunning moments of insight and clarity , and one is astounded how easily she can throw off an aphorism
this is not a typical read for me , but i enjoyed it . i read the first <NUM> pages wondering if this was going to be a waste of time , but when i hit chapter <NUM> , i read the rest of the book in one sitting . loved max , frannie , kit & all the others . looking forward to reading `` the lake house ''
clocking in at a little less than <NUM> minutes , 'scratchology ' will definately take you through the study of scratching importance in hip hop history . the next time you 're thinking of taking a drive or a walk , pop this cd in your player and let it ride , because it will definately take you down memory lane with flavor added by the x-ecutioners
my <NUM> yr old got this for christmas and absolutely loves it . we dance to it all the time . i went to workout the other day to find it was in player instead of my normal workout cd ... and already into my workout decided to keep going . it was great to workout to . very energetic like the show and good for variety in my workout . i may have to get a second one for me !
if you are a fan of the chicken soup books , you 'll love black-eyed peas for the soul , a collection of inspirationl , and stories of hope from african americans of every wake of life
where to begin ? to put it as briefly as possible , if you 're an adventurous music listener you will not be disappointed by blueberry boat . this is the most inventive work i 've heard since radiohead 's kid a . ( no small feat ) . every style you could imagine is carefully melded into one , including the most wonderfully bizzare lyrics i have ever heard . no sense discussing every track ad nauseam , each individual will form their own opinions . i can only give this my highest and most urgent recommendation . pay no mind to the impatient simps who give this album one star and call it `` the worst of all time . '' sit down with blueberry boat ; listen to it as many times as you have to . those who * get * this musical gift from the friedbergers will fall in love . give it a chance and you may be pleasantly surprised
this cd by the best duo of our time do it again & there harmony i & playing of there guitars is just awesome . id go out & buy this cd right away . george
jolly captain jack aubrey and his sidekick the bespectacled bohemian doctor maturin return for this 7th book in the renowned aubrey/maturin series . in this segment , maturin and fem fatale diana viller 's romance heats up , jack 's money troubles become more pronounced , and doc maturin 's career as a spy threatens to become the death of him . what can i say about this great series ? the character of jack aubrey is just so endearing and doctor maturin is so priceless as the inscrutable doctor , that this series simply can not be missed ! even the presence of diana villers ( a character i 've simply loathed for quite some time ) , seems less irritating . i 'm listening to the unabridged narrated version by patrick tull , and this series is wonderful . can not be missed . particularly love the parts where jack/maturin and the swedish envoy are in prison . too funny ! wonderful series . i highly recommend it .
as a long time civil war buff i found this book utterly fascinating . it takes the true story of general sherman and his march to the sea and fictionalizes it just enough to make it intriguing and even difficult for someone to put down who has little interest in the civil war . more importantly it explains the reason why he destroyed everything in his path . william tecumseh sherman was hated in the south and even today , to a great extent he still is . however , his intent was by destroying the food supply , to shorten the war . he did succeed in his goal . read this book and you will have a true understanding of why the civil war began and lasted as long as it did .
this movie is cute and intelligently presented . it is an old film , yet an escape for some young people who are overwhelmed with so much talk about war in the world . broderick does an excellent job of portraying a typical teenager , wanting to play and try different computer games , coming across something larger than life .
i am a huge fan of doris day ! ! ! and this is one of my all time favorite movies ! ! ! ! doris day stars as georgia garret in this fantastic masterpiece . this film is for people who love doris day ! ! ! ! ! ! like me ! ! !
if this book applies to the rest of the world , and all of history , then most of the evil done is not by evil men , but by highly intelligent , highly educated men who wish to possess great political power so they can do good . but , as the old saying informs us , the road to hell is paved with good intentions . these men had good intentions , but little understanding of how to use it . or of human nature , for that matter . graduates of the most prestigous universities , rich , insulated from the rest of the country , they saw the populace merely as pawns to be used for their ends . halberstam uses the word `` hubris '' many times , and i think his analysis is correct : the men involved ( and in some cases , women ) were far too interested in political power . the book is a warning to those who believe in the power of big government to effect beneficial changes ; that power , unfornately , does not exist . as always , when human fantasies run up against reality , reality always wins out . unfortunately , the people are the ones who suffer , not the politicians and other movers and shakers in government
in _the lacanian subject : between language and jouissance_ , bruce fink delivers a clear and comprehensive account of the notion of the subject as it operates in lacanian theory and clinical practice . the book 's focus , of course , is much broader than this : this is a text that could serve as a superb introduction to lacanian psychoanalysis , to be read while studying _ecrits_ and the seminar . he begins by elaborating lacan 's ideas on the subject 's entrance into language and the rules that govern the language as other . then he goes on to explicate the implications of this for subjectivity , ethics , sexuality , and psychoanalytic theory -- all the while staying true to the clinical roots of these concepts . fink provides clarification through the use of great examples , easy-to-follow schemas , a few of his own case histories , and by referring back to freud 's classic cases . this book really helped me understand some key issues in lacan 's theoretical constellation . if you need help wrestling with lacan 's texts , _the lacanian subject_ is recommended . also recommended : _a clinical introduction to lacanian psychoanalysis_ and _lacan to the letter_ , both by bruce fink
i saw this documentary last weekend at the river run film festival in winston salem and it was a smash hit . george motz did a superb job of uncovering one of our most treasured cultural icons in an entertaining and hillarious way , and that is saying a lot coming from a vegetarian . this guy has definitely got a great career ahead of him
the big sky is the first in a series of great western novels by a.b . guthrie . the story begins in <NUM> as young boone caudill escapes his kentucky home for the plains and mountains of the west . he meets up with jim deakins , a pleasant country philosopher , early on his journey and finally the experienced mountain man dick summers on the keelboat trip up the missouri . i enjoyed deakins ' theological disquisitions . `` you ca n't beat god for bein ' picky . no , sir . if he catches you playin ' cards or sayin ' one swear word ... it 's to hell with you forever and ever ... even thinkin ' is mighty dangerous . as a man thinketh , that 's how he is , and to hell with him ag'in . why you reckon he gave us a thinker then ? ... god is some busybody . '' guthrie takes us up the missouri , a slow fight all the way , across the plains , into the mountains and back . he creates for the reader the palpable sense of the openness and wildness of the west . yet the book steps back from fully romanticizing the end of the mountain man era . the story is often disturbing , not the least in boone caudill 's quick and often brutal ways . highest recommendation for anyone interested in the american west .
i purchased this book for a niece who is almost twelve and has recently lost her mother because of a traffic accident . this book offers good advice to young people who wish to make wise , godly choices . i , like dr. dobson , value the bible-based teachings that this country was founded on . secular people will not like this book .
this book is the best of its kind -- nothing comes close to the number and variety of mental puzzles of various levels of difficulty ... word games , optical tricks , math puzzles , et cetera . this book is amazing . i 've given several to teachers . excellent for third grade up to high school . the only thing i 'd change about the book is the color : the book only has black , white , gray and blue
this is one of the best collections of any band ever compiled ! comes with the classics by keith and gregg ginn that put , black flag on the map ! you just ca n't go wrong with the quick yet catchy songs that just stay in your head all day long . fix me and wasted are a quick blur and that 's how punk songs should be . not some sort of opera rock that goes on for nine and a half minutes long ... six pack was always a funny song to sing along . `` what are we gon na do ! ? ! the t.v . is broken ! ! ! oh no we 're gon na miss our favorite shows ! ! '' `` my girlfriend asked me which i liked better i hope she does n't leave me '' it 's kinda of a two for one album when you listen to it because both vocalist brought their own style to the band . find out what the fuss is over this band and pick up a classic comp !
if you like the sound of billie holidays , voice you will be floored by the similarity in madeleine peyroux . i hate to say it but her voice sounds almost identical but has more range . the music style is n't totally that old classic jazz sound but similar ; some songs seem tinted with a new orleans sound and some a tiny bit folk-like . over all smooth , delightful songs . not one of them is annoying which is lucky when buying an unknown cd
this is the best jerry lee lewis album .... period . if you like his rockin stuff , you will love this album
i found the movie to be very creative and unique . i thought the appearance of the movie was very similar to how a stage set-up for a play would be . i thought that this was intentional and it helped to place the focus on the words/message . there was a lot of different things going on in the movie which i enjoyed : greed ; true love ; spirituality ; determination ; self-esteem issues ; and jealousy . i am not a prince fan , but i love the contrast in personalities between prince and morris day , and how this contrast plays out as they pursue the same woman , who happens to be an angel who was sent to change both of them ( clever ) . i gave the movie a <NUM> and not a <NUM> because although it was very artistic , morris day lost a battle i feel he should have won
the names ty cobb , babe ruth and honus wagner do n't resonate as much as they used to . as the decades go by even the old-timers among us have n't been around long enough to remember them . they 've pretty much become historical , iconic figures , like the stoic-looking george washington on a dollar bill . it 's a bit of a sad reminder of the inexorable march of time , but what a great relief to know that this treasure chest of a book is around to keep their memories alive . the author got the idea for it in <NUM> when he read that ty cobb had died . realizing that many of cobb 's contemporaries would soon suffer the same fate , he set out to meet as many of them as he could and record -- literally with a tape recorder -- their stories for posterity . twenty six of them are recounted here . some of these guys are hall-of-famers , some of them not even close , but all of them -- every single one -- had a load of interesting tidbits to share . baseball was a different game back then . america was a different place . the first great thing about the book is that you get at least several takes on the great ballplayers . one of the fellows , for example , playing detroit , talked about being a little nervous about cobb , whom they had all heard would sharpen his spikes . a detroit player , however , mentioned that cobb never sharpened his spikes . not that they did n't discourage the other team from thinking so . walter johnson had an arm like a bullwhip , but he was a nice enough guy and a friend of sam crawford . late in the game , if his team was ahead by enough runs , he 'd toss a meatball in to crawford and let him belt it . he never did that for cobb , though , who he hated . cobb could never figure out why crawford was able to hit him . honus wagner is recalled by many as the best of all of them , with great quickness , great hitting and great fielding . a couple of the fellows recall that you could usually count on bits of gravel to be flung at you along with the ball he had just scooped up . tommy leach described him as the best fielding third-baseman , shortstop , first-baseman and outfielder in the league -- he played all of them -- and since he won the batting title eight times between <NUM> and <NUM> you could n't really argue that he was n't the best hitter in the league , either . for some odd reason , there are n't that many memorable gems about the great babe ruth , although there are at least a few . harry hooper ( a guy i 'd never heard of and a hall-of-famer ) remembers ruth in the first year he came up with boston as a , `` big , overgrown , green pea . '' `` nineteen years old , poorly educated , only lightly brushed by the social veneer we call civilization , he was gradually transformed into the idol of american youth and the symbol of baseball the world over . . . if somebody had predicted that back on the boston red sox in <NUM> , he would have been thrown into the lunatic asylum . '' along with these detailed sketches , including a ton of characters i have n't even mentioned -- germany schaeffer , rube waddell ( who did n't like to wear underwear ) , lefty o'doul , dazzy vance -- the book is also , naturally , loaded with baseball anecdotes . some of the more famous plays of the time , for example , are recounted in different ways and with different perceptions . take the `` bonehead '' merkle play . for those of you who do n't know , what happened was this . the giants were tied with the cubs for first place with one week to go in the season . in a game against each other , in the bottom of the ninth of a 1-1 game , the giants had men on first and third with two outs . merkle was on first . birdwell hit a single to center , mccormack scored from third , and merkle . . . ran to the clubhouse . without touching second . the cubs retrieved the ball from center field , evers tagged second , and the run did n't count . because of the crowd on the field the game had to be replayed on a later date . the giants lost it , and lost the pennant . from then on and forever more , fred merkle became `` bonehead '' merkle . but it 's actually a little more complicated than that . for one thing , merkle was only nineteen . it was the first game he 'd ever started for the giants . and running into the clubhouse when the game was over was something all the guys did -- whether touching second was necessary or not -- because of the crowd pouring onto the field after the ushers opened the gates at the end of the game . the players ran off to get away from them . and evers never did tag second base with the ball that was hit out to center because someone had heaved it into the left field stands . fred snodgrass does n't think he ever tagged second with any ball at all . the umpires were n't around to know this , though ; they had already left the field ! funny how the mists of history tend to simplify things . the detail in this book brings these stories back to life . and there are a ton of them recounted . along with all of this baseball lore , you get a pretty good glimpse of america a hundred years ago , too . people were more humble , but in general confident , and much more direct . it 's fascinating just to consider their nicknames : `` wee willie '' was the nickname for a short guy , `` specs '' was the guy who wore glasses , `` chief , '' ( at least two of them ) were american indians , and , `` dummy '' was the guy who was deaf and dumb . nobody meant anything by it ; nobody apparently took offense . stuff like these speaks volumes . here 's jimmy austin : `` . . . they did n't have clubhouses in most parks , especially not for the visiting team . we 'd get into uniform at the hotel and ride out to the ball park in a bus drawn by four horses . they used to call it a tally-ho in those days . we 'd sit on seats along the sides and ride , in uniform , to the ballpark and back . `` that ride was always a lot of fun . kids running alongside as we went past , and rotten tomatoes once in a while . always lots of excitement when the ball club rode by , you know . '' yep . thanks in part to this book , we know all right .
i wish my dad was still alive to see this book , and that i could talk to him about it . he ( robert h. hofer ) was a machinist 's mate on the santa fe for most of its career , and i remember hearing him describe the saving of the franklin , and seeing steel burn as the franklin 's magazines exploded and showered the deck of the santa fe with fire ; and also what it was like to work down in the engine room while the ship manuvered off the beach at iwo jima , exposed to shore fire . the descriptions in this book are incredibly vivid and exciting , and answer a lot of the questions i wish i could ask my dad today . forgive any errors of fact -- maybe the author has read all the reviews and will put out a revised version in the future . if you 've ever wondered what it must have been like to be <NUM> years old , in the middle of the pacific , fighting the japanese in the biggest naval battles in history , then you 've got to read this book
what a pleasure to sit down and listen to such great artists , they certainly do not come like that today . great sound to , it 's like one is there , job well done by the sound people . i saw louis armstrong in holland in <NUM> and it will always be for me the best jazz concert i have ever been to . i recommend this cd to anyone . aalf j molenberg .
this is not high minded viewing but who cares , it 's freaking pirates . it 's johnny depp being awesome ; with orlando bloom and keira knightley standing around being hot with occasional spurts of acting . geoffrey rush plays the main antagonist and puts out a great performance . this is one of the coolest adventure films to come out in years . if you like movies like the mummy and indiana jones , or just have an abiding love for kinda corny pirate flicks , then this is right up your alley . as far as the presentation of the dvd , it 's clean and the packaging is n't annoying . the menus dont take a long to cycle so you can just watch your movie and relax . if you are the sort that likes special fearure this is a good buy since you get a bunch of behind the scenes info and insights into teh making of the film . i am a sucker for behind teh scenes . overall a good purchase but it seems to be out of stock as of this review . i am sure you can get it off of the amazon marketplace without too much hassle or just wait for a possible boxed set to release after the sequel dvd ( s ) comes out or wait for a restock
follow director james cameron as he dives into the deep ocean dephs to find the famous shipwreck that is the titanic . cameron 's film shows footage that has never been seen before . watch cameron and his crew dive all the way to the ship that was supposed to be unsinkable . cameron takes you on a jouney that you will never forget ! he and his crew take you to the grand staircase , molly brown 's state room and other places that have not been seen before . when james cameron and his crew are exploring the titanic they end up loosing both of their robots that go inside the ship . they eventully find their robots and return to the surface from exploring the greatest shipwreck of all time ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
mr foote has written about the `` war between the states '' . he tells the story of the war . it is not the story of slavery or its demise , not about the country 's explosive economic growth that ensued , not about a lot of other subjects , just about the war and the men who led it and fought it . if you want to experience the ghastlyness that millions of americans did in <NUM> to <NUM> , read these books . no one has done this better .
this book was required reading at our office and at the time i wondered why , after all we had a great team ! after taking the assessment test i realized we had lots of room to improve ! the story was a quick and easy read but very effective . we implemented many of the ideas in the book and work much more effectively today than we did a year ago . thanks for a great book
you can certainly see where the band should go . it 's a powerful album in some senses , but overall , it 's just good . pick it up , understanding that it 's just good rock/grunge/whatever . enjoy .
first , a word about the publishers . . . somewhere it is decreed , i suppose in the regency genre publishing house , that all `` regency romance '' books must be exactly <NUM> pages , no more and no less , so that if one author writes less , they make the letters nice and big , three paragraphs to a page . . . and if another author has a longer story , the publishers will squeeze ten paragraphs , in tiny letters , onto one page . . . this is one of the books where you have ten paragraphs ( or more ) per page , plus there is so much going on in the story that the plotline is constantly changing . . . for me , this made for some frustrating reading . but as for the story itself - this is my first by allison lane , and what i see , i like . i was pre-warned that she is a `` darker '' regency author , so that i did not find the issues explored in this story shocking . yes , it 's sad , but , unfortunately , there really are parents like that . ( today , since arranged marriages are not really `` done '' it will play out in the form of career , or how their children should live their lives . . . ) as for the character of reggie - he 's a really nice , sympathetic character , but i 'm afraid that his problem was a real one . maybe it 's uncommon , and he seems to have had an unusually bad case of it , but it is only today that they have medication for these problems ( those who have read the story know which medication i mean ) . i loved the heroine ! i hate to say this , but she sounds so exactly like me , that how can i not have loved this story ? miss joanna patterson was hired as a sort-of companion to lady harriet , to launch her into society - and to find her a husband , perferably a rich one . being rather plain , awkward , and bespecled besides , joanna has no such hopes for herself . lord sedgewick wylie is not only a dandy , but he is the biggest dandy of them all - actually , he is a social leader . always , always , impeccably dressed , always with perfect manners , lord sedgewick is as different from joanna as could possibly be . but what society does not know , and would possibly ridicule if they did , is that under that dandified clothing is a smart and educated man - and he is starting to get bored with the society role that he is playing . in short , this is a couple that is different as could possibly be , and would never have even looked at each other , if fate had not intervened , in not one , not two , but three separate `` accidents '' involving each other , the last one culminating in their forced marriage - although `` marriage '' for show , and `` marriage '' for real are two separate things entirely . . . quite early on in the book , i recognized the plot . yes , i was right . this book has a similar plot to `` the viscount who loved me '' by julia quinn . i checked the publishing dates to see `` who cheated '' but they were published quite closely together , actually this book was first . . . maybe this is a fairly common regency plot device , i have n't read enough regency books to know if this is so or not . and unlike some previous reviewers , i really liked the character of lord sedgewick . he is a refreshing change from the rakes , and more rakes , that seem to populate all the regency fare that i have read so far . although a dandy , he is responsible , and uses his position in society wisely - he actually tries to help people . he is not a rake , nor does he gamble in excess , or drink etc . etc . in short , in many ways a paragon . and although he does treat the heroine badly at some point in the book , his reasons are very clear , and believable , to me . besides , once he gets over his initial reaction , he does apologize , and he even comes to an understanding within himself as to why he treated her this way , and how he will change in the future . hey , you ca n't ask for much better than that . even if i am the only one , i do see a very nice future for the rest of their lives together . i like allison lane 's style . i like her complicated plots , i liked her * very '' complex characters , and i especially liker her * very * realistic portrayal of the issues she has chosen to deal with in this regency novel . this is one smart lady , and i really enjoyed her writing . i recommend this book for anyone who likes regencies a bit * darker * , but more realistic , and especially for those who like complicated plots with full-fleshed characters , created by an extremely intelligent author
the statement , `` he wins a couple of baseball tickets by calling a radio quiz show , '' misleads the viewer from the best part about this film . he wins cubs world series tickets ! therefore , this should be a must see for any cubs fan ! there is also a cameo by one of the cubs ' greats and , not suprisingly , he has a major impact on the film . if there is a better movie about a guy breaking out of prison to see the cubs in the world series ... i have n't seen it
allegiance is masterpiece of music and metal , seamlessly woven together in gigantic proportions . firewind has produced a classic album in the midst of a revival of metal . i 'm a child of the <NUM> 's , when metal ruled the world . i have never been so excited as bands like dream evil , dragonforce , hammerfall and more bring back metal to the forefront . firewind breathes some fresh air into the once dying beast of heavy metal . crisp , clear and powerfully vibrant vocals , extremely intricate and heavy guitar work , bass guitars that wo n't stop all synchronized with awesome drumming ( complete with double bass drums ! ) at times the vocals sounds like a blend of anything jorn lande has done mixed with a touch of david coverdale of whitesnake fame . i just ca n't stop listening to the song called `` breaking the silence '' ! if you love metal , old or new , this is a must have for any true metalhead
gynecologist , catherine ( fanny ardant ) discovers hard evidence that her husband , bernard ( gerard depardieu ) is having an adulterous affair . she confronts him , and he reluctantly admits that he 's `` occasionally '' unfaithful . the details he gives catherine are vague and sketchy , and the lack of intimacy in their relationship increases with bernard 's admission . instead of demanding details of the affairs , catherine nurses the shock . in the aftermath of catherine 's new knowledge , she quietly reevaluates her marriage and bernard . one evening , catherine enters a bar . the bar is full of girls who host clients of both sexes in the rooms upstairs . one of the girls , marlene ( emmanuelle beart ) approaches catherine , and they strike up a conversation . catherine employs marlene to approach and seduce bernard . marlene posing as `` nathalie '' is then to return to catherine and give her the details . `` nathalie '' is an interesting twist on the old adultery story . catherine , the wronged wife , nurses her anguish , and then converts it into something peculiar . she selects a woman she finds extremely attractive , and then gives this woman the task of seducing bernard . is she motivated to get the details she just imagines ? is employing nathalie an attempt to control her husband 's sexuality ? is a warped revenge at the heart of catherine 's conduct or is nathalie a surrogate ? while the film is not for the easily offended , it 's more an intellectual exercise in human sexuality -- there are a couple of sex scenes , but sex is talked about more than actually committed . while the very best french films do n't provide a definitive answer , nathalie has a vagueness that leaves a certain lingering dissatisfaction . in spite of the fact that emmanuelle beart in lingerie is pivotal to the film 's promotion , this is fanny ardant 's film . `` nathalie '' is ultimately a woman 's film with adultery presented from the female viewpoint -- make no mistake about that . if you enjoy this film , i 'd also recommend another film from director anne fontaine , `` dry cleaning '' . `` nathalie '' is in french with english subtitles -- displacedhuma
although i am an admirer of the fact that maria mckee has the ability to consistently shift genres ( seemingly ) effortlessly from album to album , i was very pleased to discover that this album has more than a little common - in feeling - with my favorite of her recordings , life is sweet . alas , the bowie flavored guitar is gone but the tone set by the quieter tracks on that <NUM> album is very much accounted for . `` my one true love '' , `` people in the way '' , and `` everyone 's got a story '' are my favorites among the acoustic based gems on this strongly song oriented work . i love the fact that all of these songs have such memorable hooks , but some do n't reveal themselves until a second or third listen . and do n't let the title fool you , but `` sullen soul '' is the most soaringly majestic track on the record , one that just begs to be heard from a car radio on a cool summer night . so if you 're on this page already take the plunge and buy the album . i know you 're curious
oh my goodness .... i had this on a vinyl lp back when i was a very young teenager and nearly drove my parents crazy with it . i listened to it <NUM> times a day for about two years .... about <NUM> times or more ... when i was <NUM> and <NUM> . now that i listen to it again , i see it was terribly formative for me , a major influence on my life . i never realized how much the lyrics interweave through my psyche even now , miles away , years later .... buy this and it will change your life
the <NUM> 's get a bad rap . they brought us disco and sideburns but also spawned great movies & television . sanford & son , archie bunker , happy days , the jeffersons and , yes , the rockford files . man i loved this show . garner is a guy 's guy , no blown dry hair like chips or magnum pi . just a tough guy doing his job as a pi . the slew of great characters ( angel sticks out ) are a precursor the law & order franchise . and who could forget the cheesy theme song
i sat front row for this show in vegas , you even see me about <NUM> times during the comedy central version of the show . dane even gave me a high <NUM> ( that missed barely ) and was thankfully cut ... lol . i can tell you the cc version had alot cut out , and was still very funny . i am really looking forward to seeing if the added material is the really rauchy hilarious stuff . sean rouse was just as funny if not better than dane ... but it was very racy ... i 'd definitely buy if that stuff was back in ... probably will anyways to remember my first appearance on comedy central too ! you 'll love it either way , but man i hope they decided to show the whole sets of each guy
this is as exciting and convoluted as any of the master 's thrillers ; prior reviewers have detailed the story sufficiently . i 'll only add that the plot 's twists , turns and surprises continue right on up to the final paragraph in the epilogue . although i enjoyed the story immensely , i had the sense that the action scenes lacked the `` ludlum strategy '' of realism and credibility [ after all , how can many times can one super-agent overwhelm four or more opponents singlehandedly ; or one untrained woman knock out two professional killers ? ] . on checking the book 's front pages , i learn that the 'ludlum estate ' ( the author died 12-mar-01 in naples , fl ) commissioned a `` qualified author and editor '' ; the unanswered question remains whether this book -- prominently displaying ludlum 's name -- is an updated previously unpublished manuscript , a thriller developed from a premortem story outline , or whether the commissioned author wrote this book singlehandedly . if this is indeed an original de-novo piece of writing , then the true author deserves not only a great deal of credit , but ought to publish under his/her own name rather than remain anonymous ; s ( he ) would make a genuine contribution as an independent , skilled and accomplished writer of thrillers . i have the uncomfortable gut sense that this ship may be flying under a false flag ... unless and until the authorship provenance is more fully clarified
& quot ; this is a quite a different compliation to most of the other suzi quatro compliations , this has not just been thrown together . it defines suzi and her music just that bit better
while this was not as good as its predecessor hlno , it was great and provide follow ups on our main guys from hlno . it was sexy and sweet , lots of teasing it will definelty leave you hot and bothered . there challenged in many ways which makes the end all the more speacial . i am really looking foward to the next story i feel it maybe even better than this one ! enjoy its worth the rea
with 21st century eyes , it 's wonderful to see a family like the waltons . although they are scrabbling against poverty , living in the blue ridge mountains of virginia during the depression , they are happy . the large family , which includes seven children , parents , and grandparents , is loving and supportive . sure , the kids are n't angels -- like any others , they squabble and have their problems . but when push comes to shove , they 've got one another 's backs , like when eldest sister mary ellen beats up a classmate for mocking little brother jim bob 's shirt ( made from sister erin 's old dress ) or when eldest brother john-boy defends mary ellen from a potential assault by a guest staying with the family . most gratifying is the children 's overall contentment . sure , they aspire for `` things '' - they long to see a traveling circus that comes to the mountains , and they pause by toys displayed in the general store . but for the most part , they do n't dwell upon what they do n't have . they take contentment in life in general , and when the occasional treat comes their way , they truly appreciate it ... unlike many kids today , whose parents buy them the latest ipods and video games , and it 's still not enough . the waltons ' saga is told through the eyes of eldest son john-boy , who is <NUM> and aspires to be a writer . he is based on earl hamner , a virginia native who wrote `` spencer 's mountain , '' the book upon which the show is based . hamner does a voiceover in each episode , speaking as the adult john-boy looking back on his childhood . ( for the record , i 'm <NUM> years old , not someone who grew up with this show , or looks down upon `` today 's youth '' from the vantage of age . but , as you know , not all young folks are content with the attitudes of today 's society as a rule . i , for one , truly wish we could return to a simpler time ; it wo n't be long before our complicated lives lead us to self-destruct .
lighten up , fellow reviewers ! anger management is lighthearted comedy -- not neurosurgery . i had zero expectations going into this movie , but as soon as the hilarious plane scene unfolded i found myself watching with an ear-to-ear grin on my mug . i 've seen adam sandler in numerous movies ( and hated most of them ) , but as humble , wishy-washy dave buznik , sandler is at his low-key best . buznik is the last person to have an anger management problem , but following a fateful series of miscues ( and hysterically funny miscues at that ) he is ordered by a judge to attend an anger management course . and this is not just any old course : this is a course led by the unorthodox and dysfunctional dr . buddy rydell ( jack nicholson 's inherent creepiness is perfect for this role ) . nicholson and sandler play off one another in grand fashion ; the goofy therapist pushing the mild-mannered buznik to the edge -- and beyond -- is mucho fun to watch ! an added delight to this campy comedy is the plethora of camoes , including john c. reilly , woody harrelson ( also hysterically funny ) , rudy giuliani , and new york yankee greats ( and ex-greats ) derek jeter and roger clemens . anger management is pure fun , complete with milquetoast ending and wacky nicholson facial expressions . enjoy ! -- d. mikels , author , the reckoning
despite its somewhat maudlin title and front cover , this book is very interesting . it based on jungian mbti theory which in my view is a very powerful tool for understanding people 's personality . the book itself is not theoretical : it gives a brief description of the <NUM> types and then there is a couple of pages for each of the <NUM> possible combinations . much has been printed about the mbti , but this one has a very interesting practical approach . for each combination , you find a paragraph on the strengths , a paragraph on the weaknesses , and a short list of key recommendations for each partner . even if you know everything about jungian psychology you can still discover some new insights on personality relationships . for the anecdote , my intj recommendation list ( with my esfj wife ) is a pretty goood summary of everything i do wrong at home
queen latifah knows ... this album was spectacular ... it is uplifting and has good beats and anybody who has the nerve to even say a fool like <NUM> cent or a no talent joke like ja rule is anything better than her has nerve because she is history .. she is what <NUM> and ja bite off of ... she is what they ca n't live up to ... so know your history before you praise the present ... but queen , you got ta represent ! !
the author of the chapter 1- robert h.heusen is sincere at p.2 saying that other local ethnicities were indigeneous to the area where armenia was established much later-e.g.the khaldeans , the urartians etc . ; that ancient authors wrote about it clearly.i would add that strabo in the ic.wrote in his geography of the world that the armenian political unit was created by a certain general of the army of another country on the land snatched from the iberians/moskhians ; this is in vol <NUM> of strabo , the loeb classical library edition in <NUM> ; this is the area where the republic of armenia was created in 1918.i recently learned that its name was planned to be 'republic of erevan ' ( not armenia ) and the league of the nations promised to the government of kartu i.e . georgia that the creation of armenia in caucasia was a temporary measure-f.nansen from that league of the nations desired to create some footing somewhere in the world for refugees driven out from the balkans and that soon the league of the nations would move the republic of armenia and her armenian and other refugees-unwanted citizens of turkey-to the mediterranean.these facts are known from materials published by f. nansen available in english and some translated into russian now on the web.the creation of that republic and that of azerbaijan in <NUM> in the area was the gross violation of the human rights of the indigeneous nation called by several names : the iberians , the moskhians , the kardi etc . r.heusen is absolutely right in telling readers that even before world war i , the armenians were a minority in what became the republic of armenia in 1918.after reading those truthful remarks it was a sad surprise to me to see on the next page `` a map of the historical armenia '' encompassing greater territory than the great britain.r.heusen wrote the former was 238,000 square miles against 228,000 square miles of the latter.the term armenian plateau is frequently used by the author.it is unwelcome as other names were usually used for that plateau.moses khorenatsi is discussed at several pages.it is over two centuries that he is widely denounced for being a fictitious author and therefore called pseudo-moses khorenatsi.i have thoroughly researched materials on that author in publications , in unpublished archives of prof.mikheil tamarashvili known as michele tamarati in rome and paris.many authors in xix century revealed the absurdity of the writings attributed to him : among them mr.lenormann , ilia chavchavadze criticised that pseudo author and his promoters from the mkhitarist congregation in venice- western europe for spreading false information . 'gate of alans ' ( p.152 ) usually has a better term in historical sources : the gate of aragvi.metsamor mentioned at p.49 is the distorted term from kartu term 'metsamuli ' meaning 'cherry colour'-as nearby clyffs are reddish with minerals.this kartu/kartuli designation was given to those clyffs , the nearby village and the river by ethnic kartu population millenia ago before aliens-armenians among them-immigrated to that area-some as refugees , others as invaders accompanying alien armies.authors of this book mention a huge number of writings of persons- including the ancient persians , greeks , romans , kartu ( shota rustaveli , history of kartly , dionysius the areopagite , georgian chronicle ( p.242 ) ; myriad of modern authors and those of xix-xx cc.the book is clearly addressed to modern young ethnic armenians and teach them that they are entitled not only to what was made the republic of armenia in <NUM> ( itself an abuse of the human rights of another-indigeneous nation that has created a kingdom including the territory of that area in much early days ) , but to the region'greater than the great britain'.still i give to the authors of this book 'excellent ' , i.e . <NUM> stars- for excellent misinformation
back in the heyday of dark shadows dan curtis did some telly movies . frankenstein with robert foxworth , the norliss tapes with roy thinnes , the night stalker with darren mcgavin , scream of the wolf with clint walker and peter graves , then eventually went on to do bigger projects like the winds of war and war and remembrance with robert mitchum . during that salad days of the mid 1970s , he did a nifty `` novella '' style movie called trilogy of terror with karen black . he went on to use black in burnt offerings the following year . it 's a three story showcase , displaying the varied talents of black , but it 's in the last one where curtis breaks out and really does something memorable . the first novella tale is `` julie '' . this tell was never fully fleshed out about a college professor who has dark secrets . nice quirky ending keeps this one for being average . the second is `` millicent and therese '' . after the promise of `` julie '' , i really expected a bit more from this rather obvious tale . is good fun , just nothing special . still a fine showcase for black to show what she can do . it was just so all totally out there , no twist of the screw to make it more . `` amelia '' the final one is based on richard matheson 's prey , and it outstanding . once you see these story you will never forget the zuni warrior that comes to life . amelia is totally abused by her possessive and controlling mother . she tries to break these ties that bind , but she is no match . she buys a zuni doll and it comes to life . no spoiler there . you can see that by the cover . it 's the story that is amazing . black 's ending is original and memorable . this was low budget telly movie remember , so accept the quality as not motion picture level . still a great halloween movie and tribute to curtis who died march `` this year
... the basic plot 's the work of a genius . roland and his tet are carriors of the task to save a `` calla '' village from an attack of so - called wolves . the task is fulfilled perfectly , so the newly grown tet 's about to move on which they 'd love to do - but ... as i said above , the basical happenings are chosen and mostly also narrated afantastically , if the author would only have kept it a little shorter . e.g . the new tet member 's self - told biography shows some details which do n't really wan na fit into the actual tower story at all ; all they show is how the guy came into this world , still midworld , of course . most of the rest , however , is told fantastically , as i said above . when eddie comes to talk to calvin tower about the house ground with the rose on it ( `` waste lands '' readers will know what i mean ) or susannah 's mind is caught by another person , differently said : detta and odetta receive company , those facts are told great ! !
like most of jt 's work , this album contains easy listening soft rock . it marked a change of direction for jt in that it lacks the introspective , personal quality of his earlier albums . still , it contains some very good music , backed up by some of the greatest musicians around , including graham nash , david crosby , carly simon , randy newman , and saxophone master david sanbourn . like always , it has jt 's beautifully sweet voice and laid back six string accoustic guitar . several classic hits came out of the album including the `` mexico '' and `` how sweet it is to be loved by you . '' like much of jts work , it reminds me of the easy comfort of waking up to diffuse sunlight on a sunday morning
i once owned this cd and some how lost or misplaced it . my cd player has not been the same without it . i plan to purchase another of it asa
the huntingtons are the best band around today ... and this is their best release ! they bring a certain element of songwriting that no other band can duplicate .. they are funny lyrics but they also mean something unlike many other bands . the guitars stick in your head all day and it doesnt even bother you ! there should be <NUM> stars for high school roc
if you are tired of the usual guitar playing , with all its already extremely used ways , but do n't want to give up listening rock'n'roll , you really should get this album . not only a guitar player , but also a songwriter growing after each work , he can give you rock at the best level , and at the same time showing something new , that will not sound strange to your years . that 's a difficult task you have to admit . and if you think that this is all , you should get his last online album & quot ; ulysses ( della notte ) & quot ; even better than this
i love the firm workout tapes . i used them before my wedding trying to get fit . they really do work in <NUM> workouts or less ! once i had my baby , i started using them again , and with no doubt , they worked ! this is the only workout that i really enjoy , i do n't have to work out for <NUM> or <NUM> hours to get the effective results . i think about this workout when i 'm not doing it , and i really enjoy it ! i recommend this and any other tapes from the series to anyone . trust me , you just put in the work , and the workouts do the rest ! they 're not easy , but they are effective
i am in ethereal love with mary shelley . why is her literary importance and fancy not uplifted more than it is ? i grimace whenever i go to a bookstore and glance each time at the mary shelley section to find only frakenstein . she has other great books probably not many people know about . such is the case in the last man . i thought frankenstein was about as sad as one could allow a character to feel but after reading the last man mary out does herself by really putting poor verney in a pickle . this story really tugged at me hard and actually made me feel for the characters in a way so few books or movies ever have . if you know about mary shelley and have read frankenstein or anything else by this , i feel , greatest author to have ever put word to paper , then you must read this beautiful accounting of `` the last year of the world '' . it astonished me to find out that the book was out of print from <NUM> to <NUM> . wow ! i failed to compare the story to such contemporary biological warfare or aids for that matter and took the story 's meaning for what shelley may have wanted to get across during her time that had neither . i believe she wants to almost persuade us of a deeper level of human condition and compassion by taking us as low as we can and then allowing us to constantly strive upward from that awful place she leaves verney . please , read more of mary shelley
this is a disc that contains six movies on it , each with a theme that revolves around one season in the antarctic and what happens during that time to the continent and the animals and birds that live in or on it . these movies are so realistically and clearly presented that you need a blanket to curl up in while watching attenborough walk around in freezing antarctica filming all kinds of creatures - on land , under water and in the air . the guy ( and his camera team ) are simply unbelievable . they spent three years filming these scenes . as anyone who has experienced anything colder than freezing can attest to , spending even a few minutes outside on a cold day can be daunting . but to spend all your time in temperatures of <NUM> below , with winds of upto <NUM> miles per hour - that is either sheer determination or insanity , or maybe a mix of both . whatever , the result is startling movies that are breathtaking , superbly shot , and extremely well-presented . i have watched most of attenborough 's films and they are all top-notch . he is definitely the world 's most amazing wildlife and nature filmmaker ever . he presents everything as is , without sentimentality , but with a clear sense of wonder at all the marvels he is depicting . when he speaks and shows you scenes , you feel you are there . hands down one of the top three wildlife films i have ever seen . highly recommended
to the best of my knowledge , this is the first dvd featuring renata scotto although i would be delighted to be proved wrong ( please reissue a tokyo lucia with bergonzi ) . the only other dvd ( with june anderson ) is hardly in the same league so perhaps i should have rated it five stars ! my only negative is the very dated production ; it clearly shows its age , especially aesthetically although i would be hard put to suggest how it should be staged . suffice it to say that it works and with scotto and domingo the emphasis is clearly on the singing and they deliver in spades . it is ironic that verdi did n't give his title soprano an aria that had been excerpted and sung by sopranos of the past whereas the tenor has the glorious aria that has be recorded countless times in the days of <NUM> 's and lp recitals . needless to say domingo garners the greatest ovation . milnes was clearly an audience favorite ( if not one of mine ) and there is no doubting his committment to the role both in his aria and the wonderful duets with scotto . it is somewhat ironic that milnes and domingo are roughly contemporaries while domingo continues to sing ( albeit a reduced and different repertory ) and milnes career started to fade a number of years ago . ordinarily baritones can enjoy longer careers than tenors , but in this case ..... scotto is a treasure ; the dvd should be required viewing and studying for any one who aspires to the repertoire . it was late in her career yet she is savvy enough to know how to capitalize on her strengths and minimize the weaknesses . her attention to text is an object lesson and of course it helps that she is italian , but she animates every phrase she sings , does nothing that is superfluous . i saw her only once , a butterfly in san francisco in the <NUM> 's ; it was a glorious performance . but then she is a glorious artist
the transformers have always been a favorite of mine , and to finally be able to own this movie is awesome ! ! ! as a fan i could watch this hundreds of times and still get caught up in the current emotion of the scene . i would give this ten stars , but it only goes to five ! ! this is a great deal with all of the bonus features ! !
a must have for any <NUM> - <NUM> year old ! if they love high school musical , they will love this
when i first heard hatfield and the north back in -73 , the music made a distinct impression on me . i love the sound of this band , with the easily recognizeable sound of the northettes , arrangements rhodes el-piano , solos with the lowery organ ( * * * * * to dave stewart ) , the sleepy voice of richard sinclair and overall atmosphere . great work , still after all these years i keep this band as one of my favorites ...
i understand that the holocaust is a sensitive subject to people of all ages , races , religions , gender , and so on . it is important that the world understands how and why this happened , and i commend all people who make an effort to recast and teach the world the terror that so many were subjected to . yes , we all know robin williams to be the slapstick comedian which has brought tears of laughter to our eyes instead of ones of compassion . but like roberto benigni in life is beautiful , williams brings to life a character who tries to lift the spirits of friends and strangers who are looking for one thing , hope . whether williams ' character was real or imaginary , the human spirit can never be completely wiped by tyranny and oppression . <NUM> million people , including <NUM> million jews were systematically killed before the nazi 's were finally stopped . some died as fighters , some gave their lives for others , and some gave just simple acts of kindness , good will , and love . each one of them were heroes of their own kind . william 's character told lies about russian troop advancement to give the jews of his ghetto the will to survive and resist . like real life heroes such as rauol wallenberg , oskar schindler , mordecai anielewicz , hannah senesh , and thousands of others who risked their lives for others , this is a story of a good man . maybe this movie was not an exact interpretation of its predecessors , books or movies , and yes it did have some hollywood-like moments . but oeverall , a tribute to the men , women , and children who shall always be remembered and never forgotten
of coarse this movie is great .. it was made in the area in which i live .. so that makes it better .. and once again the experiance of buying thru amazon was very good .. delivery in a timely manner and the order process is goo
i am a cookie-aholic and have many , many cookbooks . this one is great and has lots of interesting , non-standard recipes , such as granola bars , cinnamon bun cookies , etc . i have made many of the recipes and have had no complaints - only compliments
making friends should come naturally , but to many kids with a range of social/learning difficulties , it 's as foreign as hieroglyphics . these special , often exceptionally talented , children become lost in the simplest social situa-tions . murrell 's thorough and finely illustrated book covers the basics for navigating our strange world and custom
all tracks are wonderful and well composed ; i think behzad is one of those fantastic flamenco guitar players . i agree that this brilliant album needs reengineering and could take the first place in the world of modern flamenco guitar instrumental album
one of the most ecxiting new bands to come out of cincinnati in recent years is the heartless [ ... ] ( urrgh , what a terrible band name ) , a power trio led by singer-songwriter-guitarist erila wennerstrom . <NUM> months after the release of their very promising debut album `` stairs and elevators '' now comes the second album . `` all this time '' ( <NUM> tracks , <NUM> min . ) finds a more polished , but still very hard rocking , sound . the album 's first track `` into the open '' starts off with a piano even . wennerstrom continues to provide layers of guitar riffs , and the rest of the band contributes to the `` wall of sound '' . guitar solos are far and few between ( only on the title track and on the closer `` comes a long way '' ) . the album really takes flight on the second half , with highlight after highlight : `` blue day '' and `` no pointing arrows '' are the proof that this band has `` it '' . in all , a very satisfying album that zooms by in no time , and you 'll want to play it again . i 've seen the band live a couple of times in the last <NUM> days , giving shows around town in preparation for a long nation-wide tour to support `` all this time '' . frankly , the band is even better live than in the studio , and they are not to be missed if you have chance to see them . highly recommended
in women & amp ; christianity , educator and author mary malone examines the chronic and pervasive ambivalence towards women throughout the first thousand years of christianity . while women from the very beginnings of the christian church have been graced , called , inspired , and canonized down through the centuries , they have also been excluded and even oppressed by clergy and other leaders of the christian community who cited scripture and christian tradition ( including apocryphal and gnostic literatures ) as the justifying source of their discrimination . very highly recommended for women 's studies and students of christian history from <NUM> c.e . to <NUM> c.e . ( the & quot ; dateline & quot ; section is particularly noteworthy ) , women & amp ; christianity showcases both the persistent courage and the innovative quality of women 's lives , as well as offering a critical analysis of previous conventional histories . the clear emphasis throughout is the enduring importance of women 's contributions to the creation of western culture in general , and the evolving christian community in particular
agatha christie 's death in the clouds comes to life under hugh fraser 's experienced voice : his past experiences bring other hercule poirot mysteries in the series to life lends a uniformity of experience and sound to this latest . the sudden death of a female passenger on an intercontinental plane flight involves investigator hercule poirot in a search for the culprit - even when the investigation seems to point to poirot as the possible perp . fine tension and mystery evolve slowly and grippingly
like many hitchcock films , the first half of notorious is more romance than suspense , but the second half pure noir . cary grant recruits ingrid bergman , daughter of a former nazi spy , to spy for his agency . they apparently fall in love before ever starting an assignment . grant and bergman were two of the most attractive people of the 20th century , but for me , unfortunately together they almost bored me . i guess the chemistry just was n't there ; that 's my opinion , maybe you 'll disagree . however the suspenseful part of the plot picks up when he assigns her to spy on claude rains ( the invisible man , lawrence of arabia ) . the best way she can find to get close to rains , who knew her father , is to let him romance her , eventually resulting in a marriage proposal . some of the most suspenseful sequences of any hitchcock film occur as she 's trying to get information from rains , exploring his big mansion in south america . the suspense builds to a satisfying climax , making notorious at least a 4-star movie , perhaps one of hitchcock 's top five , but not as good as north by northwest or the man who knew too much
be human does not disappoint ! it has sound quality mixed in with sound fx and acoustic and classical and when i say 4stars i mean it . when i say 5stars i usually mean a ten . were i to do sound for a futuristic play i would feel gratified in using some of this . i think yoko kanno knows the secret of life and she shares her formula ... with us , time-and-time again . i happened to be spoiled on her earlier works and always long for those type masterpieces ; but if i had to choose american rhythm or yoko kanno , i would choose yoko kanno . i wonder if she 's ever been nominated for a grammy ? in my book she 's world-class ! as-i-said-before this cd does not disappoint and there are enough tracks on it to justify four-stars . no worries here
i love this movie it is fun loving and heart warming it is a great movie that brings back a time when every thing was simple even in war time . it makes you want to laugh and cry with the characters and it shows that women can take up the reins and be just as capable as me
francie nolan is a young irish-american girl who lived in an ethnic slum in brooklyn around the turn of the century . the story covers her turbulant childhood with little money and alcoholic father . it tells of the menial work her mother did each day as a housekeeper to keep the family together because her father could not hold down a steady job . even though it was tough for the family , francie was kept in school until high school so that she would become educated and not have to wash floors for a living like her mother . also francie was intelligent , idealistic and hard-working . she became very successful as she matured and got her first real job . the story is one of hope that will inspire all who read it . it illustrates the american dream fulfilled through hard work and perserverance
the band : ian gillan ( vocals ) , ritchie blackmore ( guitar ) , jon lord ( keyboards ) , roger glover ( bass ) , ian paice ( drums & percussion ) . the disc : ( <NUM> ) originally <NUM> tracks long clocking in at approximately <NUM> minutes . this digitally remastered ( uk ) version released in <NUM> adds <NUM> bonus tracks bringing the total listen to just over <NUM> minutes . this is the band 's 4th album . included with the disc is a 22-page booklet containing song titles/time/credits , numerous photos ( some unreleased ) ; a brief insight to the making of and happenings during the time the album was made - by roger glover and ( writer ) simon robinson ( with quotes from gillan and lord as well ) ; and the discography of `` in rock '' in various countries . label - emi records . comments : after purchasing the `` machine head '' and `` fireball '' deluxe anniversary packages ... i could n't wait to get my mitts on `` deep purple in rock '' . every song is a fast paced rocker here with the exception of the ten minute `` child in time '' - one of my favorite slow rockers ... and one of gillan 's many highlights vocally , as well as lord 's wonderful slow intro and blackmore 's guitar solo once the song picks up . for some reason , i was thinking roger glover cold fix the original tapes and make these songs sound like they were recorded last year . not so . the sound is still as muddy as ever . in many places , ian paice 's cymbals & hi-hat are non-existent . lord 's organ/keyboards are mixed so poorly at times it 's tough to distinguish between his high notes and blackmore 's high notes . disappointing to say the least - it still sounds like a.m. radio . i grew up with deep purple and i have <NUM> of the discs . `` in rock '' was easily not my favorite , but it was definitely top <NUM> due to great songs like `` black night '' , `` speed king '' , `` flight of the rat '' and `` child in time '' ( check out the live version of this song on `` made in japan '' ... i 'll go out on a limb and claim it 's better than the studio version here ) . `` black night '' and `` speed king '' made it to most of their greatest hits compilations , while `` child in time '' made it to a few . the bonus tracks are a plus . though the sleeve will have you salivating at `` <NUM> '' bonus tracks , it 's really only `` <NUM> '' . the other `` <NUM> '' are intro 's to each song lasting on average 20-30 seconds each . various chit-chat and blackmore fooling around on his guitar . these <NUM> bonus songs sound great ... slightly different , and much improved sound over the original <NUM> tracks . <NUM> of the tracks are unreleased - `` jam stew '' and `` cry free '' ... both treats ! two bonus versions of `` speed king '' , and an unedited remix of `` black night '' are the highlights . in my opinion , the back photo is very telling ... glover is front and center and the backbone of the band - perhaps the glue keeping the <NUM> members together ( knowing how blackmore and gillan got along ) . for me , this is a very good album , but the poor sound quality keeps me from rating it any higher . the lone track `` child in time '' and the bonus songs make this a must-have disc
content aside , whether or not you are interested in the nixon administration , this is a wondeful memoir written in a very readable yet elegant style . i suspect that safire had the earl of clarendon leaning over his shoulder when he wrote this . it 's full of wonderful character studies of the major and minor players in the administration . safire is not enitirely candid in what he writes and he does pull his punches , but if you are good at reading between the lines , it 's all there . a very enjoyable read . each chapter focuses on a person or key event during the years . watergate is covered but only tangentally
i was stunned by this movie . i learned of it and purchased it in <NUM> . for various reasons it remains for me the best , most emotional movie i have seen about musicians and their music . the producer chose well : he found the songwriters that shaped country and rock for the next <NUM> years : townes van zandt , rodney crowell , steve earle , guy clark , steve young , john hiatt , charlie daniels and a tribute to the late skinny dennis , immortalized in guy clark 's `` la freeway . '' i wish david allen coe had been left out , but no film is perfect . the songwriters are shown at their best and worst : a drunken , funny tvz falls into a rabbit hole and silent night is rendered by fine musicians too drunk to remember the lyrics . this movie was made when i was a poor student and musician with a small circle of talented friends in tampa at the university of south florida . the difference is that most of my friends and i got straight jobs [ we still tried to make a difference ] but these musicians changed the world , just a little . i married the singer/business major i met at usf and divorced <NUM> years later . i still play guitar , write and record at home and dream of making it in music - but mostly i learn songs written by artists like those in this movie and try to understand the magic they have that still captures me . when tvz sang 'waiting around to die ' he brought tears to the eyes of his 70+ blacksmith neighbor , while cindy comforts him . it was magical . tvz does a `` medley of my hit '' and sings `` pancho and lefty , '' and rodney crowell sang `` bluebird wine , '' both covered by emmylou . steve young 's `` alabama highways '' was wonderful too . it was a look into my past - and the past and future of the intelligent , emotional music i love best .
i purchased this book when it first came out . i thoroughly enjoyed it at that time , and have used it as a reference ever since . what so many do not realize is that different treatments ( distillation vs. tincture vs. absolute vs. hydrosol , etc . ) of a plant result in often very different properties comprising that substance . so finally having some insights into the properties of hydrosols , the water remaining from the distillation of a plant , is/was much needed . no other work like it had been available . and what a revelation about many of them . most people , even those working with essential oils and their cousins were not aware of what this or that hydrosol might do , let alone how to get their hands on it . really needed and really wonderful work
eleven years old when his father , architect louis kahn , died in <NUM> , filmmaker nathaniel kahn sets out in search of the man he hardly knew by visiting the sites of his architectural creations , from the salk institute in la jolla , california , to the capitol building of bangladesh . along the way , through interviews , old footage and photographs , much is revealed about this elusive , enigmatic , and often difficult man - including a closely guarded private life with children by three different women , while remaining married to only one of them . a personal film documenting the life and career of a public man , `` my architect '' is wonderfully engaging , leaving the viewer with a complexity of emotions as we listen to the comments of those who admired him , those who loved him , and those who did neither . especially revealing are the interviews with the two women , colleagues in his firm , who became romantically involved with him and years later still treasure the memory of him . an architect in bangladesh sums up the final image of a man whose work was inspired by a kind of mystical genius and who gave his love to mankind . moods mix and shift gracefully in the film from the discomfort of seeming to disagree with his mother 's reverent estimation of the man to the sweeping effects of time-lapse photography and a whimsical scene of rollerblading around the great courtyard of the salk institute . included in the dvd is an interesting and informative question and answer period between the filmmaker and a small theater audience , with additional scenes not used in the film .
now that rattle and hum is on dvd , the brightest moments shine so much brighter and the low lights are eliminated through the magic of the fastforward button . the menu allows you to pick which song you want to see performed and oh what performances . the versions of `` exit '' and `` sunday bloody sunday '' are nothing short of awe-inspiring . both are liable to send a chill down your spine . the live versions captured here of bullet the blue sky , with or without you , running to stand still and others are also excellent . in 5.1 sound , it 's nothing short of brilliant
it takes a couple of listenings to to figure out which songs are the catchy ones and which ones are the genuinely good ones . but either way , all of the songs have this unpolished sound that makes it feel as if you 're listening to her around a campfire or something , even with all the special effects . 'make it hot ' 'recomendations ' 'after you left ' 'sun ' and 'body below ' are my personal favorites
overall , this movie was `` ok '' - it was enhanced by mark ruffalo 's performance and while i was n't so fond of the ending , it 's still a movie worth your time to see
it is n't al franken , michael moore , anne coulter or michelle malkin . it 's an objective history , with analysis and some predictions . i 'm a left-wing , liberal , european guy with a decent knowledge of us politcs and i found this book very useful in taking that to the next level . it is definately from the `` economist magazine '' stable , which is good - their pieces are well argued and very easy if your reading age is over <NUM> . a lot of poeple have found that coming to this book with their preconceptions is n't a bad thing - it is well researched enough and well argued enough to stimulate debate in your mind without lecturing or talking down . they do n't assert one thing or another as correct , but present a timeline and show how fragile the conservative coalition is in reality ( christians , economics , guns , `` values '' etc ) . but argues that even if the coalition fractures the strands of conservatism will remain ( good or bad ) for a long long time to come . w
having been sent this book as a present by a friend in the us , i felt i must tell others just what a treasure trove it is . it has been written by someone who not only obviously loves his subject , but who has written a clear , easy-to-read amd well-illustrated guide for those of us who have developed an interest in early american furniture but who lacked expertise . it also tells you how to care for furniture . i ca n't recommend it highly enough
i remember watching anne of green gables when i was a little girl with my sister , over and over again . laughing everytime anne broke her slate on gilberts head , or when she accidently dyed her hair green , or when she waxes poetic about her `` bosom friend '' . it made me smile and laugh then and still does now as a <NUM> year old . i would recommend this movie for anyone young or old . it is a beautiful heartwarming movie , with gorgeous scenery , unforgettable characters , and plenty of moments to laugh and cry
some great reworkings of old classics , some obscure tracks made easier to obtain , and a bonus dvd documentary containing interviews with dylan carlson and european live footage . for the cost , a really great deal . if you 're not familiar with earth 's music , this might be a good starting place , if only to hear dylan carlson speak of his influences and motives behind curating such a band as this . if you 're already a fan , you wo n't be disappointed . the packaging is a bit generic , simple jewel case style with minimal text in booklet similar to many other earth releases , but the music really shines as always .
this movie has been my # <NUM> comedy for many years ... still is ... and most likely will continue to be for many years to come . it speaks to anyone `` raised '' in a cubicle - you will find in almost all the characters `` someone '' you knew at some point in your life , when you worked at `` so and so '' . so many real-life scenarios i felt as if someone had been watching me with a camera back in those days ! and every time i 've watched it ( and yes ... that number is in the `` double '' digits ) i always find something that i overlooked or have forgotten about and rediscover it with delight and laugh out loud all over again , as if for the first time ! a true gem ! feeling blue ? just pop this movie ... you 'll forget your worries - if only for a couple of hours ..
i like the overall point of this book . i also agree with a lot of the stuff he teaches in regards to using real estate and owning your own business as the only true way to get superb rates of returns . however , he does make one huge assumption in the real estate section that is not clear : that you can rent a house for the same cost as your expenses . this may work in some cheaper areas , but in the places where houses have skyrocketed in price , expecting to get a high enough rent to cover all the fees is not realistic for some major areas . also , he makes it sound like getting 150k is easy for a salary . unfortunately for those of us in stable `` normal '' fields like engineering , nursing , accounting , etc ... asking for a <NUM> % raise would get you a lot of laughs at best . nonetheless , i would still recommend it to other new grads
the story is only so-so but the exchanges between john wayne and kathryn hepburn are wonderful and make the movie worth seeing . this had the potential to be really good
i was looking for arrangements of many traditional christmas carols done by orchestras . this album hits the spot . it is not uniquely orchestra carols , the canadian brass is mixed in as welll . the highlight of the album for me is the back to back track of & quot ; sleigh ride & quot ; pieces . it begins with w.a . mozart 's & quot ; sleigh ride , & quot ; followed by leopold mozart 's piece of the same name , and then finnished with the ever popular arangement of & quot ; sleigh ride & quot ; by anderson . it is a really good mix of carols , and can be listened to for hours
this is in my opinion the best performace from anders . he mixes his higher pitched vocals found prominatly on the newer albums with the classic melo death vocals found on earlier albums . there is also some low talking thrown in a few songs , bullet ride being one of them . musically , while its not their best , it is very good . similar to the vocals they mix old and new sound on this cd to create a masterpiece . pounding and yet melodic guitar work is the in flames trademark . also , daniel 's drumming on this album is probably his finest hour , a standout for him being brush the dust away . stand out tracks overall are : bullet ride pinball map square nothing brush the dust away all the songs on here are awesome those are just my favorites . this is a good cd for newcomers because it isnt too much like the old or new and its a great mix . all in all , this is not only one of my favorite cds from in flames , but all time as well
i am one of those who loves booknotes and book-tv and feels a real loss when my schedule keeps me away from them ( yes , i can pick them up on the c-span websites , but it just is n't quite the same ) . these books are just one of the additional reasons some of us refer to brian lamb as saint brian . the chapters are digests of the information gleaned during the actual booknotes broadcasts . each one is from an individual author and in this case , it is on the lives of famous americans . there are something like <NUM> to <NUM> of these biographical vignettes . some of them are autobiographical when the author being interviewed about their book was also a notable american in their own right . we all know mr. lamb 's unique style of quantum interviewing ( one can never predict the precise location of his next question ) . these edited and assembled pieces have a somewhat more organized and focused feel , but there is still a bit of the cooks tour approach to each subject . having watched many of the shows from which these articles were made and also having read several of the books by these authors , i can still say that even when the material here is familiar it is still fun to dash through because it is so concisely presented and decently edited . when the material is unfamiliar it is very delightful and an invitation to more study and investigation . i am not only happy to have this dandy book , i am actually grateful for it . it is a marvelous tool for introducing children to biographical subjects ! the book also has an index and a list of all the booknotes programs through the publishing date of the book
this is najee at his best . i 'm glad he 's back and better than ever
i just have to ask how the other reviews can comment on how sloppy the package is when it is n't even released yet . they have n't seen it ? the package is very cool , it is a notebook <NUM> ring binder with <NUM> protective sleeves for the discs and <NUM> for the music cd . this is a great package for those who grew up with the brat pack era . i know what the packaging looks like because i work for the company who made them
i was a big fan of major league , but was somewhat disappointed in major league ii , and as a result did n't buy major league iii for more than a year . i 'm sorry about that , because it turned out to be as good as or better than any in terms of its story and execution , and casting . in the first major league , we got a first class baseball story of unlikely heroes , which held up well even though i thought the personal lives of some of the players was stressed a little too much . in major league ii , which is still entertaining , i think the chemistry suffered because of this and other continuity issues . for instance , wesley snipes , the base stealing pheenom , was replaced by another actor , yet we are supposed to believe he 's the same person . does n't quite work . also , the love interest focus switched from tom berenger to charlie sheen , and we are supposed to know all about ( and root for ) a former girlfriend we have never seen before , and whose existence was n't even hinted at in the first film . and finally , the chemistry suffered a little more because the feud between the owner and the players was reintroduced in an unlikely way ( why would she buy the team back if she wanted to get out of cleveland so bad in the first film ? ) . still the second film was enjoyable and worth having , even with these issues . so , i expected a lower budget , poorer result with major league iii , and boy , i was wrong . new characters and a new situations develop , and it all seems appropriate and fresh and the acting is top notch ; the cast plays like a team and the script moves forward like a well-oiled machine . the music and photography are excellent and the action is in general spontaneous and very fun ( like when the villan manager of the twins hits himself in the head with a richocheting baseball ) . all the new characters carry off their roles extremely well , and all in all i think you should not skip this one if you like the series at all .
reading these reviews , i was surprised by a number of the comments but most of all by those that rented/bought this movie believing it was somehow about `` angels '' and then had the nerve to complain that they did n't know what it was about or that there were no angels in the movie . with that in mind , i 'd like to offer some advice to those that may inadvertently rent/buy other movies : there are no cuckoo birds and no nests in one flew over the cuckoo 's nest . there is no obvious wind in gone with the wind and what there was did n't blow anything away there are few , if any , good fellas in goodfellas there are no lambs in silence of the lambs chinatown is n't set in a town in china there is neither $ 1,000,000 nor a baby in million dollar baby you guessed it , no bulls in raging bull the coats are made of denim or some such material in full metal jacket paul newman 's body temperature is about 98.6 degrees just like the rest of us in cool hand luke there is little , if any , sleeping in the big sleep the prison hallway is only a few feet long in the green mile the african queen is not about a gay black man no waterfowl were hurt in the making of duck soup the earth rotated as usual on the day the earth stood still there are actually multiple conversations in the conversation the raunchy men 's magazine does not appear in the hustler nobody inherited the wind in inherit the wind . it still belongs to all of us there is no discernible odor while watching the sweet smell of success all the president 's men is only about * some * of the president 's men i hope that some will find these simple reminders useful . if not , you may want to consider looking at the back of a dvd case , visiting your local library or going to one of the thousands of web sites that talk about every movie ever made . as for this film , if you 're not frightened by things that might be different than what you 've experienced or that perhaps strike too close to home , and do n't spend your time judging how everyone else lives , then there is much to love about this work . it may not be perfect , and there can be many legitimate gripes about it , but overall it 's very , very good . scan through the positive reviews here and you 'll get a good sense of it . no need for me to repeat it all here . unfortunately , most ( but not all ) of the negative reviews are just those with some sort of political/religious agenda to put forth instead of commenting on the film
<NUM> 's `` enigmatic ocean '' was indeed a tough act to follow , given the improvisational and sonic brilliance of one allan holdsworth on guitar . so , instead of trying to replicate that disc , ponty wisely leaned more in a rockier/funky direction for `` cosmic messenger '' , knowing that nobody could match holdsworth 's unique contributions or even get close . what results is a collection of songs that retain a lot of the characteristics of ponty 's earlier efforts but a bit leaner and meaner sounding . of the <NUM> guitarists , peter maunu definitely comes up the most distinct sounding with his soaring melodic bluesy rock sound . what i really enjoyed though was the huge punchy sounding rhythm section of drummer casey schurrel and bassist ralphe armstrong ( i especially loved ralphe 's huge thick growling fretless tone here , deeeeeelicious ! ) . allan zavod provides all the appropriately spacey textures with a bank of synths . have to admit though i would 've loved to hear more acoustic instruments as well to balance it out , as it was a bit synth/electronics heavy . as for the highlights , `` ethereal mood '' is beautifully hypnotic with not much more than acoustic violin , chiming acoustic guitars , fretless bass and tablas , very beautiful haunting melody . on the funkier/rocky side , `` art of happiness '' , `` do n't let the world pass you by '' and `` fake paradise '' come out swinging . the one low point for me is the ending tune `` egocentric molecules '' ( corny title btw ! ) , which sounds more like a mathematical exercise more than it does music . not one of ponty 's better compositional moments in this owl 's opinion . overall , a solid album worth having , but not groundbreaking by any stretch . after this , jlp would seem to just keep making the same record over and over again
this 16-song compilation of western swing includes : san antonio rose , lilly dale , texas two step , and big ball in cowtown . http : //www.cowgirls.com en
this series of essays reanimates the real feyerbend , too often associated with a series of much denounced one-liners , such as the 'anything goes ' pronouncement . in fact , feyerbend rides the dialectical red zone in hairpin turns near the unexplored terrain where science fans , groupies , darwin fanatics , and the 'anally overtrained ' fear to tread , lest their weltanschaung be seen as romantic poets once saw it . as a science fan myself , i can only watch in wonder and some sadness the 'social construction ' , in the age of big science , of something more sophisticated than , but not altogether different from , what the church fathers concocted from thin air , thereby freezing the minds of the many for millennia . it ca n't happen again , but it can attempt to happen again . that 's the nice thing about science , you will lose all your paradigms , sooner better than later
this is an excellent book to use for teaching new believers the basics of christian theology . the chapters are concise and to the point . it whets the spiritual appetite of the new christian to go on and read the gold mines of suggested reading that are included with each chapter . you ca n't go wrong with this easy to follow , down to earth volume
i bought this book more for the stories than the recipes . i was pleased with both , but the stories are my favorite . i tried one of the recipes and it was excellent .
jimi hendrix is arguably the all time master of the guitar . he has yet to be outdone in spite of the decades since his passing . while i enjoy the sort of hendrix tunes played frequently on the radio , many songs just are n't heard unless one owns the album . south saturn delta is one of my personal favorites . if you enjoy first rays of the new rising sun , or axis : bold as love , any hendrix fan would appreciate this collection as much if not more . play on jimi
be prepared to weep at the end but this novel is beautiful . writing is superb and the characters are not only believable but they stay with you long after you close the book . anjali is waiting for her husband , prakash , to pick her up after a trip to her parents . prakash does n't show and anjali faces a life-changing situation as a result . anjali divorces , remarries and has a son , amar . the story weaves their fragile lives with a past that comes into the present . chapters are short and moving ; each brought across by the character 's feelings and thoughts . ca n't say enough good about this story . remember your kleenex and get ready for a novel to stay with you
i enjoyed reading it and was surprised at all they went through
unfortunatly southpark above seison <NUM> is not availlable in holland on dvd . so everytime a new season is released i rush to have it shipped from abroad . this season was really worth the waiting , again . as always the makers of southpark succeed to brilliantly mock society , recent events and stereotype the american way of life . `` beef '' between a south park dancing crew and the boys , the man-child michael jackson with a child on his own moves into soutpark , people coming in from the future to work who somehow make you wonder what that reminds you of , the unevitable and hypnotising attraction of wall-mart , the quest for ratings of rivalling tv shows , paris hilton with her own stupid spoiled whore product and al always many , many of cartmans brilliant , ignorant , blunt , shameless , rude , spoiled , respectless behaviour . to put it short : hilarious . but be careful ! do n't watch this if a naked cartman might upset you
this book is filled with lots of interesting examples detailing life and attitudes in the fifties when the book was written . it is a book about how psychological research , motivational research was being employed at the time to sell americans all kinds of things they did not necessarily really want , or were n't necessarily very good for them . sounds very much like reality as we now know it . this selling also extended to politicians , and packard foresaw the way the image would become in many instances more important than the message in choice of political candidates . as i said the book is filled with information . i am embarassed to say that i have in all my years on this planet and at various dentists never learned packard 's great insight that it does not make much sense to focus one 's truth-brushing activities in the morning after the microbes have had eight hours to work on one 's teeth . brush after you eat , he advises , as i now recall many dentists have told me through the years . in any case this is an enjoyable read by someone who understands that advertising is not simply manipulative and exploitative but also adds color and interest to the culture .
he is simply the funniest human on the planet at this time . i have , literally , laughed so hard at times i thought i might have a heart attack .
there have been emblematic films that plainly , justifies its success based on serious denounces that attempt against the environment . but few times , we had had the opportunity to watch with such boldness the ferociousness , constancy and dedication like this one . we should be back to the times if silkwood or the china syndrome to feel with such powerful intensity the importance about the magnitude of the ethical limits of the industrialization and the preservation of the environmental health ; that degenerated in an unpredictable scandal of majuscule proportions on the other hand of the coin , ( and i must confess i have never been a special fan of mrs. roberts ) she displayed by far , the best of her repertoire and gave us a very real portrait that deserved her the academy award that year . one more thing : in order to the fairness , i would personally would have stated decreed an equal number of votes with another superb and perhaps never equaled performance : ellen burstyn and `` requiem for a dream '' . and that i keep this statement taking into account that famous double prize between barbara streisand and vanessa redgrave in <NUM> , where the difference in what acting concerns was even major . excellent edition and magisterial direction of steven soderbergh .
if you like nickelback and theory of a deadman , you are in for a treat . this group rocks ! where nickelback 's chad punches out his lines ( most excellent ) , puddle of mudd is very melodious and has a great all-round sound going . this album is absolutely their best work to date and i am excited to hear some new tunes from this awesome band . keep 'em coming ! :
everyone here seems to want to chime in their own commentary on the film 's content , so i 'm only going to bring up the only thing that matters -- how does this new transfer measure up ? the new anamorphic widescreen transfer alone makes upgrading to this edition a no-brainer . if you are trying to decide weather to get this hopped-up edition ( vip ) , or the old version , this is the one to get . who cares about all the junk in the box , i gave mine all away , i just wanted the new version of the movie . as of this writing , the vip edition is only way to get the anamorphic version . the older , original issue of this film is non-amamorphic and will not be suitable if you have a widescreen or a 4:3 hdtv with 16x9 enhancement ( unless you want use the `` zoom '' effect ) .
this is a great compilation and theres not a bad track on it . to heathcliff an earlier reviewer thers is a lot more to completing your australian triology than midnight oil , men at work and inx have a look on amazon at some of these other australian acts-ac/dc , little river band , air supply , cold chisel , the church , the easybeats , rose tattoo , the angels , silverchair , living end , hoodo gurus , hunters and collectors , nick cave
after making a well-deserved comeback as a solid country artist in the late <NUM> 's , jerry lee lewis went to england in <NUM> and recorded this great album that was a welcome return to his rock n ' roll roots . lewis recorded some good albums throughout the <NUM> 's , but most of them were aimed primarily at the country music market . this is pure rock n ' roll all the way , with a couple of old blues tunes thrown in the mix as well . the london sessions sounds like one big jam session with jerry lee lewis in his prime , pounding his way through a selection of great classic tunes like johnny b. goode , what 'd i say , movin ' on down the line , no headstone on my grave , and baby what you want me to do . the studio band of top british musicians lay down some strong backing to jerry lee 's great piano playing and singing , and the spontaneous , live in the studio feel of this album is an approach that brings out the best in jerry lee . highlights include a rockin ' version of johnny b. goode , a superior remake of his old sun recording drinkin ' wine spo-dee-o-dee that kicks off the album , and a truly dynamic medley of little richard hits that ends it . it is great to see that this has been remastered on cd since this is probably jerry lee 's most vibrant album and surely one of the best rock n ' roll albums of <NUM> . any lover of classic rock needs to get their hands on this cd . this is simply the best set of rock n ' roll the killer has recorded since his classic sun recordings
flaming lips have suceeded in creating their own musical world on `` the soft bulletin '' . this cd is easy to find at most stores and often sold at a low price , so there is no real reason why you ca n't go pick it up right now . this record is best heard at <NUM> am with headphones on . yoshimi was my first lips record , and the main difference between `` soft bulletin '' and `` yoshimi '' is the production values . this recording has a big lo-fi sensibility to it . steven 's drums are always loud , boomy , and usually crackling , like they recorded way too hot . at times the record seems overloaded with sounds , and at first , i thought it would have benifited from the more prestine `` yoshimi '' production values . it has grown on me though . i do n't really understand the point of having `` race for the prize '' and `` waiting for superman '' ( the weakest track on the album ) in two seperate versions . to me the record would have ended perfectly on `` sleeping on the roof '' .
i have not heard this cd yet but ... moneen is on it and moneen rocks my world . so check this cd out because moneen is on it
i originally saw this movie when i was <NUM> years old and over the years remembered the wonderful dancing and songs . i was disappointed that it never seemed to turn up on tv and was delighted to be able to buy my own copy . when i saw it again recently it was even better than i had remembered it . donald o'connor 's partnership with vera-ellen is enchanting - i 've watched their dances over and over . and ethel merman lights up the screen every time she is on - her interpretation of the memorable berlin songs , whether belted out or sweetly romantic - is , i believe , unbeatable . i now want to get all the other merman movies . and what a shame that george sanders ' deep , rich baritone was n't more widely heard .
being a fan of mostly punk rock music ... i decided to give this a try . this record is highly entertaining , very fun and very original . i didnt even know that & quot ; gypsy-punk & quot ; existed untill i heard this . the musicianship is quite good as well . chanty , boot stompin ' songs with accordians and fiddles . i like it . i reccomend this if you like the more folky brands of punk rock ( ie swingin ' utters , tossers , etc . ) so , if you 're willing to give something different a try , go ahead and pick this up
surprise me : a 30-day faith experiment is a colorful , refreshing and entertaining story of god working in one normal dude 's life with plenty of opportunities to think deeply , if in the mood
for this dolphy fan , last date stands the test of time as one of his finest performances . recommended to any jazzcat into <NUM> 's avant . dolphy explodes on bass clarinet on his version of monk 's classic , epistrophy . dolphy , epistrophy ... hmmm ? the drum and bass work is nothing special but the scandanavian team does the job . the piano player ( also scandanavian ) is a nice surprise with interesting melodic and rhythmic chord placements . all in all , one of dolphy 's best and one to go back to time and time again for new insights . there 's even a quote from eric after the final track . a must buy for anyone who says they 're seriously into jazz
one line ..... great sex scenes . sharon , you little sl * * ! watch it and beat it
finally ! a book detailing the most imaginative and thought provoking type of film available : the indie . american independant cinema has consistently produced fresh , off center films , especially from the likes of richard linklater , kevin smith and hal hartley . they 're all in here , as well as discussions on films such as the seminal slackers . to sum up , if you 're interested in more than just special effects laden pulp when it comes to movies , buy this book
i have to say my fav songs are when amy lee sits down at the piano and is n't up running around , she sounds * wonderful * .
like a lot of people , i remember this movie fondly from when i was younger , and this movie is still really fun . unlike remakes that are made now , this took a classic film and put its own twist to the story . the acting is good , but what really stands out to me is the sets and costumes , especially when they make it to the city . the entire scene when they are watching the people sing about green , red and gold is really cool to watch . the songs are also very memorable and really catchy . overall , this is a cool movie that can still be enjoyed by anyone , it is really a classic .
this is a marvelous guide book . we intended to visit plymouth on our vacation this year but did not make it . however , we plan to take this book with us when we go next year . dr. jehle goes through all the signifcant sites at plymouth and takes you through the history ( the real history , not the revisionist , politically correct nonesense that passes for history today ) of that site/monument in detail . he acknowledges the contributions of both the pilgrims and the native peoples and highlights the strong faith of our founders as well as that of many of those in the native population . i highly recommend this , especially if you want to teach your children the history of our founding
i love this book , & i carried it wherever i go . stefan zweig is the greatest writer i ever known . his stories are so intriguing it 's hard to put it down . his writing skills are so lively that even though his books are translated , they are still extraordinary works . but i must point out that in the case of `` letter from an unknown woman : , jill sutcliffe translated & brought stefan 's work to life so much better than e & c paul . i have the <NUM> translations & i have to say jill is a much better translater in stefan 's work . i love all the stories in this book , & i hope jill will translate more of his work . his books should be the must read books in class .
from all the other reviews , you can pry tell what they sound like so i will just rate the songsw with my opinion bombtrack -- 5/5 -- -hard rockin with some damn good rappin mixed in killing in the name -- 5/5 -- -when you listen closely , you can hear the message , put in an amazing rock hit . take the power back -- 5/5 -- -funky , enjoyable , rockin , what more do you need . some great riffs in this wake up -- 4/5 -- -do n't listen to this song very often because you wont want to hear it too much . settle for nothing -- 1/5 -- -terrible , slow with too much goddamn screaming . the one song by this band that i hate know you enemy -- 5/5 -- -funky rock.rap song that is a lot of fun to listen to bullet in your head -- 4/5 -- -great bass lines , but a little annoying with too much screaming wake up -- 4/5 fistful of steel -- 5/5 township rebellion -- 3/5 -- - a little annoying , but fun for a little while freedom -- 5/5 -- -great album close
this book will tell you what flavors go well with each other , what starch and veggies will match well with a protein , and there are a few recipes . this book is great for developing your own recipes
this version simply eclipses all the versions which i have previously listened to - and this is my favourite piano concerto ! praise must also be given to szell and lso , for the orchestral part is the equal of the piano . the remastered sound is a great success . full marks
`` the assassination bureau '' has an amusing premise and for the most part executes it ably enough . oliver reed stars as the head of a consortium of international assassins who takes on an interesting assignment . crusading reporter diana rigg contracts his organization to kill him . reed takes up this proposal because he feels that it will enable him to weed out the weaknesses in the organization . assistant chairman telly savalas has other ideas , however . the film starts off well enough , has kind of a clunky midsection . this portion of the film feels more slapsticky than darkly comic . the film recovers and delivers a slam-bang ending . oliver reed is charismatically suave as ivan , the head of the bureau . savalas and curt jurgens as a german associate are sublimely villainous . diana rigg , however , is n't given much to do as miss winters . the high point for her in this film is a scene where she is required to walk around in a bath towel . not classic comedy but not a bad way to wile away a few hours
ah yes ... tarantino 's first script entitled true romance which he sold for 30,000 dollars is a genius effort of great proportion and the writing , you will notice in subsequent films and scripts , is common for him . certain terms will show up later on in other movies . and as for reservoir dogs , his second greatest film ever , he used the money from true romance 's script to make this ingenius mob classic complete with terms used in his other films including one or two from true romance
the other reviewers are spot-on exact about the loveliness of this music . i shall only add that i gave my copy away about <NUM> months ago but am only now replacing it -- the tunes are finally sounding a little worn and faded when i play them in my memory . this music accompanies you after a while . it is a quiet conversation with a much beloved friend , a silk scarf against the wind , a warm bowl of good soup on a damp chilly day . enjoy
i think that line ( spoken by a crowd of evil children before they beat up an unarmed , chained russell crowe ) sums up the movie well . this movie does an excellent job of communicating the sheer glee of sadism . everyone in this movie ( with the partial exceptions of stone and crowe ) do n't just like to inflict pain on others - they enjoy it . they cackle and quip and snicker and guffaw as they blast enormous , ragged , bleeding holes into people . this is an excellent ( if somewhat garish and comic-bookish ) look at an evil that has infected a whole town . imagine eastwood 's more sinister and sometimes turgid attempts ( high plains drifter and unforgiven come to mind ) , but with a wink and a sense of humor . more slow-mo than the olympics . pioneered the bullet cam that has since been done to death . ms stone shows a lot of leg . so , it 's got a lot going for it is what i 'm saying .
if they had an unlimited number of stars , there would n't be enough room for all mine ! this is a great cd with nearly all of my favorite toby keith songs ! they 're all super , but my favorites are i wan na talk about me , the angry american ( i love that song ! ) , beer for my horses ( love that song next ! ) , you ai n't much fun , and should 've been a cowboy . toby keith has such a great voice ! and he is n't a liberal either , might i add . ( warning : if you 're a dixie chicks fan , you 're going to hate this cd . ) great buckle on his belt on the cover picture of the cd
yes , i was once like you . enraptured by xtc 's more lush productions like skylarking . but maturity encouraged me to pay closer attention to go <NUM> and it has proven to be their finest hour . pure , raw , creative energy captured on tape . this is what andy and colin are capable of when not distracted by their more beatlesque leanings . there are lots of good tunes on the later albums , of course . drums and wires and english settlement are personal favorites . but xtc never exploded with this level of combustion again
i bought the movie because i needed something stupid to watch and it is just that . i enjoy stupid funny movies at times and so whenever i am feeling down i put this in and it helps me out . there are some gross parts of the movie just like in the show , but you would expect nothing less from the group
i first read martin 's hundred when i was in the hospital waiting to give birth to my first child . i managed to stay interested between my labor pains , and that says a lot about mr. hulme 's writing ! i 've re-read it four times since . the archaeological details and interpretations are utterly fascinating , especially those of the pointed-roof coffins and poor & quot ; granny 's hairdo. & quot ; the colonists who inhabited the carter 's grove site really came alive for me . this is an all- time favorite book of mine
this is an excellent workout . i love the firm workouts . i have lost <NUM> pounds and counting doing firm workouts 4-5 times a week along with eating a healthy diet . it uses light , medium , and heavy dumbbells , the fanny lifter , and the sculpting stick . its a cardio + sculpt video . i really enjoy the step aerobics segment . emily is a great leader . she cues well and she is energetic . this video has an extra long stretching part ( i think its about <NUM> minutes ) in the end which is very relaxing and really soothes your muscles after working them so hard in the workout . highly recommended
impress your friends . intimidate your enemies . buy this book ! ! ! i must echo the sentiments of an earlier reviewer . i was a returning college student in my late twenties . i had to take several remedial courses just to bring myself up to speed in math and english . between the techniques in this book ( mainly mind mapping ) , meditation and subliminal memory tapes ( the last two are not in this book ) i finished my second semester with three a 's and two b 's . also , i made the deans list . the section on speed-reading was so great ; college was the first time in my entire life that i could read so fast i actually had time to go over my answers and check for any possible errors . i rarely found any . if you are in a super hurry to improve your memory for testing , i suggest skipping to the mind map section . however , you really should go back when you have more time and read the whole book ! !
i have n't had any problems loading or playing this disc on my computer ( pc w/ windows xp pro ) . it ripped into itunes just fine and then transferred to my ipod , where it also plays flawlessly . i have a ton of problems with drm software on the warner brothers cds ( like the new flaming lips album , grrr , which amazon does not warn you about ) , but this disc works just fine for me . perhaps norton , ad-aware , or hijack this ! are preventing programs from being installed on my computer without permission ? as far as the disc goes : this is the first brmc disc i 've picked up and after five listens , i really like it . it 's a laid-back , mostly acoustic disc which in some places reminds me of the jayhawks or the eskimos , and in other places reminds me of the o brother ! where art thou ? soundtrack . there 's even one track ( restless sinner ) that sounds a bit like the grateful dead . there were a lot of songs with religous overtones ( pretty much the entire back half of the album , actually ) , which was surprising at first but not jarring enough to distract the listener too much . on the whole , this is a nice , peaceful album , relaxxing without being depressing
carbon leaf 's sound continues to evolve , and the results are outstanding . the band says it has given up trying to `` define '' its style of music , since it 's a shifting blend of so many influences and original ideas . in the past , carbon leaf has played variations of rootsy folk-rock with celtic , bluegrass , and alt-pop flourishes . this new album is focused more on a clean but no less impressive , straightforward pop-rock sound that 's catchy without being cloying , radio-friendly without being superficial . even with this focus , there 's excellent variety : `` block of wood '' has a gorgeous country-rock lilt , for example , while `` international airport '' flirts with jazz . all in all , this is a polished gem that deserves to be the band 's breakout album . the songs range from engaging ( `` bright lights , '' `` love loss hope repeat '' ) to anthemic ( `` learn to fly , '' `` comfort '' ) to heartbreaking ( `` block of wood '' ) to humorous ( `` a girl and her horse '' ) to profound ( `` the war was in color '' ) . if you enjoy infectious melodies , stunning harmonies , thought-provoking and often bittersweet lyrics , beautiful instrumentation , and pristine , finely crafted production , you will love this album . there are acoustic rhythm guitars aplenty , neatly embellished with subtle electric guitar riffs and fills ( terry clark and carter gravatt ) , anchored by a killer rhythm section ( jordan medas on bass and scott milstead on drums ) and some touches of mandolin ( gravatt again ) . this album also has a bit more keyboard work than some of carbon leaf 's earlier releases , courtesy of guest musician tim lauer . soaring above it all is the clear , resonant and at times hypnotic voice of lead singer barry privett , who also writes all of the band 's lyrics . this is my favorite release of <NUM> so far , along with `` ganging up on the sun '' by guster . both new and longtime fans of carbon leaf have much to celebrate with `` love , loss , hope , repeat .
i am a true smooth jazz fan and i have to say this is the best cd brian has ever made . '' come on up `` is good but `` nice and slow '' is as good as it gets.listen one time and you will be hooked i know i was .
this film is a classic ! ! the writing , the acting , the direction are all superb ! and of course the fashion show seen is one of the best in any movie - modern designer scould laern a thing or two ! ! ! ! ! l'amour , l'amour toujous l'amour
i came to beastie boys on the back of vague recommendations from a mate , not knowing what to expect . initially , i got licensed to ill , which i enjoyed for what it is , but it was not the stuff i had been recommended . i moved to check your head , and was pleasantly surprised at songs like pass the mic , so what'cha want , live at pjs . since then , i have been absolutely blown away by this album . there is no other album i know of that combines punk-rock , metal , acid jazz , funk , world beats , and hip-hop , in the same album , sometimes even in the same song . and it makes for a great mix . not only is this album a great mix of styles , but it is produced crisply , with the vocals mixed down slightly to become an accompaniment to the rest of the instruments , synths blending seamlessly in and out of the music , and the tribal beats laying the foundation for some great songs . the beasties manage to record and mix accordingly for the style of each song style they attempt . and they attempt a lot . songs like 'the update ' , 'futterman 's rule ' are a psychedelic funk-fest , with tribal world beats as a backbone , synths everywhere and funky guitar licks , i cant help but love them . songs like 'sabotage ' and 'heart attack man ' make for a change of pace , with great punk metal riffs , and fast heavy drum beats . my personal favourite simply for its ingenuity and awesome sound is flute loop ; who else but the beasties could take a folk sounding flute riff , and bring it into the hip-hop world with funky beats , mad scratches and mad lyrics ? no one , thats who . ultimately , there is something here for a fan of every type of music.i recommend this album to anyone who loves funk , punk , hip-hop , or jazz . my recommendations are : the update , futterman 's rule , flute loop , sure shot , heart attack man , b-boys making with the freak freak . enjoy
this was one of my favorites when i was a kid . i decided to buy it for a girls night out . it went over very well . i even watched it with my husband , who found it very entertaining . extra features on the dvd are interesting , but do n't add a whole lot to the film itself
`` step in the arena '' did feel a lot like an debut album than a sophmore release , not taking anything away from `` no more mr. nice guy '' but that album was more like a demo record . whereas `` step in the arena '' was a peek into the future as to what was to come later for gangstarr . guru 's veteran type flow/hungry new coming mc intensity and premier 's bass heavy jazzed out beats made this album a timeless classic which could go toe-to-toe with the new material being release today . any true hiphop head needs to have this cd in their collection .
apparently , there 's an unwritten law that says you ca n't possibly like both versions of primal scream ? well , i beg to differ ! i happen to dig both the groundbreaking psychedelic/electronica sounds of the `` screamadelica '' and `` vanishing point '' discs as well as this far from innovative but still hugely enjoyable slice of retro-rock . fans of 70s-style hard rock with generous doses of funk , soul and blues will like this cd alot . when it comes to music , variety is the spice of life and diversity is more than welcome . expand your horizons ... just because it 's different from the rest of their catalog does n't automatically make it a failure .
two long time friends together , reminiscing and playing absolutely beautiful blues and ballads . if & quot ; new orleans blues & quot ; or & quot ; stormy weather & quot ; do n't bring a tear to your eye , then you need to check with a doctor to see if you are still alive . why the amazon sales rank on this cd is so low is beyond my comprehension . wonderful recording quality . these recordings along with the other in this series are among lonnie johnson and elmer snowden 's finest -- amazing since both are considered to have peaked performance wise in the late 20s/early 30s
<NUM> tunes,3 live , one studio , all excellent songs , if you do n't have surfing with the alien get that cd
this book is excellent for anyone who is tracking their food intake , whether you 're on a diet to loose weight or a special diet for health reasons . this book tells you everything you need to know about individual foods/entrees whether you buy from a grocery store or are eating out ! surprising details that help you make informed decisions about what you eat
john and lorraine are two sophomores who like to make prank calls . when they prank call a man named angelo pignati , they quickly become friends . mr. pignati is old and could make a great santa claus in terms of figure . he likes bobo the baboon , gourmet food , rollerblading , and pig figures . when mr. pignati dies , john and lorraine feel the only way they can relieve their guilt is to write down what happened in their time together . this is their story
as a fan of nearly <NUM> years , this was one of the first beatles books i ever bought , and it remains a worthwhile buy for today 's new fans . it may not be as detailed or as enlightening as the mark lewishon-type of books , but it benefits greatly from being written in the sixties - and having a firsthand access to the band . hunter davies includes many stories and insights that would simply not be available to today 's writers - because they were n't there . the chapter that describes them writing 'with a little help from my friends ' , for example , is as amusing as it is amazing . and i very much enjoyed the prologue , where davies explains the difficulties he had with queenie epstein and aunt mimi . and his meeting with pete best in the mid-sixties is as poignant a scene as you will ever get in a beatles book . it is stories like those that make the book worth buying
great book ! one of the classic shakespeare dramas . full of witty humor
this is a good cd but not as good as his previous work . the 2nd cd is almost a throwaway except for the kaos track . you have to see him live to truly appreciate him
having moved overseas when my son was <NUM> months old , i have been pretty oblivious to what blue 's clues was . now that he 's <NUM> months , i ordered this dvd to help him learn about shapes and colors . it 's not a bad introduction to the world of blue 's clues . i remember baby sitting children during the hey-days of barney and i found blue 's clues much more palatable . as for my son , he loves it and bops around to the songs and watches the guy as he names the shapes . it does keep his interest so definitely a winner
second time i 've bought this book because it 's so helpful . a must for sales , or any interpersonal dynamics - family , etc . very well written , concise , easy to understand and put theory into practice . read it and then get others to , so you can discuss and appreciate the theory and use it to make daily communication so much easier
stuck in traffic ? got in a fight with a loved one ? somebody spilled beer on your favorite hotpink t-shirt ? this album will take all of that pain away and more . such issues as unemployment and teen pregnancy were never fun to dance to ... until now ! say what you will about george michael , but in my opinion , he is one talented man . buy this .
everything about this dvd was perfect ... except they do n't have the original japanese version as an option in it . i know lots of people who like to switch it to japanese and put on the english subtitles instead of watching funimation 's version of the show . this dvd has no language or subtitle options , so as long as you do n't mind watching only the american version , it 's a great dvd . i gave the dvd five stars anyway though , because yu yu hakusho is too great a show to deserve any less . this dvd is the first of the dark tournament saga , it is the next dvd after `` rescue yukina '' and is the dvd before `` deathmatch '' . i do n't have to state the episodes since someone already has prior to me . enjoy the show
i recently discovered sugimoto 's pictures browsing the web . this book is beautifully produced and plate after plate demands not only an aesthetic response from the viewer but also a decidedly intellectual and conceptual one ( maybe that 's the same thing ! ) . it 's rare to find art that is simultaneously so beautiful and so profound
the `` bad '' news : probably 2/3 - 3/4 of the books out there today related to dating , relationships , and attracting and/or seducing women are garbage . i 'm the author of my own book , `` mode one : let the women know what you 're really thinking , '' so i often tend to read other books that i feel might have similar messages and/or philosophies to my own . `` m.a.c.k . tactics : the science of seduction meets the art of hostage negotiation '' is a very entertaining and informative read . the book first caught my attention on page <NUM> , page <NUM> , and page <NUM> . these pages talk about taking action , and building confidence . self-confidence is the greatest psychological `` aphrodisiac '' for seducing women . women leave hints and clues about this all of the time . page <NUM> is great advice also . the whole entire chapter <NUM> is worth the price of the book . read it ... you wo n't be disappointed
rio grande was conceived as a movie to pay for the making of another film . john ford wanted to make a little film called `` the quiet man '' but columbia studios wanted a quick money maker to pay for the next production . the result was `` rio grande . '' a classic in its own right , one that should not be missed . directed by john ford and starring maureen o'hara and john wayne together for the first time . the story is what hyou should expect from ford , good action and get characters . look for many familar faces in this film , like victor maclagen , chill wills , ben johnson and harry carey jr . this film is part of the fabled cavalry trilogy . it is rousing and exciting . atrue classic , do n't miss it
after the death of his mother , elijah wood is left with his uncle 's family while dad david morse takes off for two weeks to settle their future . uncle has two children : a little girl and an older boy wood 's age : macaulay culkin . behind culkin 's angelic visage , naturally , lurks the soul of a devil . wood suspects the evil , but no one will believe him , and so he is left alone to try to stop the increasingly deadly games his cousin is playing . director joseph p. ruben made something of a career of telling tales of domestic horror , what with this , the stepfather and sleeping with the enemy . he claims , in the featurette , to want to reverse our expectations about culkin 's character , which is , of course , nonsense : we know going in that he 's bad . and familiar as evil child territory is ( think the bad seed , the other , the omen , etc. , etc. , etc . ) , this is still an effective example of the genre , benefiting from an admirably economical narrative . the menu is basic , as are the extras : the theatrical trailer , and the usual featurette . nuthin ' special . very much a catalogue-filler release , with no real value-added on this disc . sound and picture are acceptable , and the movie is a decent <NUM> minutes
i like every song . unlike many other bands , this cd is just as good as their previous cd
my only regret was not getting this album sooner . the music and lyrics are real and unpretentious . wayne hancock is a true american gem
this is one of our favorite movies ( mine and my husband 's ) . the end is a little confusing the first time you see it , but the movie is excellent . in <NUM> , i watched it three times in one weekend while writing a paper for a lit class , and still loved it on monday . the deadpan delivery of kevin spacey is perfection . when he catches his wife cheating and says `` ... you do n't get to tell me what to do -- ever again . '' he could not have said it better . kevin spacey portrays perfectly the average suburban man who is bored with his life and is at the point at which he does n't care who knows it . see this movie
i love this movie , and not only because i am a senior and relate to this era , a wonderful story , wonderful music , and kids of all age 's can watch and enjoy . my son can verify that
this book is a masterclass for people wanting to start up , or revolutionise the marketing of , their seminars and workshops . it is jam packed with advice that really works . no padding , no wasted words . most importantly , readers will learn how to maximise revenue from seminars and eliminate the risks . this book comes with the highest recommendation . i know it works . it has been a major source of inspiration for me when i started my own speaking business . the value of the book far outweighs its costs . buy now and discover its secrets for yourself . then apply the time tested principles and watch your business take off .
the intimate stories of the cultural changes that represented the 1950s are told by one who was at the center of the storm : andy warhol . in his studio , the factory , he created large canvases of what came to define pop art , listened to music which reflected a radical new generation 's energy , and remained at the hub of the avant garde . no other book recreates the pop atmosphere of the times - and any reader of 1960s history and culture must have it . diane c. donovan california bookwatc
it only took me <NUM> years , but i was finally inspired ( by will smith recently filming `` i am legend '' right in my neighborhood ) to see enemy of the state . and it was a good <NUM> hours and <NUM> minutes of time well spent . will smith is on a roll ... has been on a big screen roll ever since bad boys ( <NUM> ) . it seems that he always plays the same character : confident , smart talking , tough , funny . but the redundancy works ... every time . it worked in enemy of the state too . like a lot of other will smith movies ( `` independence day '' , `` men in black '' , `` i , robot '' , `` hitch '' ) , enemy of the state is a thoroughly entertaining movie that keeps you in your seat . it 's got a great story with some great actors . and post 9/11 , the subject of government surveillance is even more on topic . can anyone say , `` the patriot act '' ? enemy of the state is classified as a thriller . a thriller is supposed to be exciting , full of suspense , intrigue and mystery . enemy of the state does not disappoint . a worthy rental .
an analysis of this sort was sorely needed . this book is factual in addition to being cute . i would highly recommend it to anyone
i really like this book . as a professional motivational speaker , who is trained and experienced in many motivational disciplines , i find this book touches on some very key things that one needs to master in order to be a success . the part i found particularly relevant was the part on career acrophobia . this section really touches on why many people just do n't get ahead . it explains the glass ceiling and self sabotage phenomena very well . the only reason this book does n't get a <NUM> star rating , is that it 's a little weak on how to effectively address , the emotional issues it talks about . there are far more effective ways of addressing these issues , but this book does give you a good start . i 'd recommend it . in everything truth , faith and love destin
i 've read many titles on lincoln and have come to know the man , his words and his deeds . but now i can say that i understand him . american revisionists have lately found it fashionable and all too easy to knock down our heroes and charge them with crimes from the perspective of the twentieth century . yet , boritt 's insights are a wonderful celebration of a true american hero . and better yet , boritt makes no apologies for it . perhaps we needed to wait for this foreign born author to remind us what has been really important about the usa all along . wrap yourself in the red , white and blue and feel patriotic again . oh , and by the way , do n't let the title scare you . the book is quite an easy read
i love this movie i watched a lot and i cant wait to get the cheetah girls <NUM> movie in nov or dec they my favorite movie and i all the girls in it they did they parts well
in this book , ted rall has as much criticism for the democrats as for the republicans . predictably , rall goes after the republicans for their hate filled rhetoric and their disregard for future generations of americans . the republican party is cashing in now , but future generations will have to pay off the mounting debt ( i thought conservatives were supposed to be fiscally responsible types ) . what may be even worse , the republicans are alienating people and nations all over the world . sure , we 're the superpower now , but nothing lasts forever . do you want other nations to give us a helping hand or kick us when we 're down ? that depends on how we treat other nations now , while we have power . pre-emptively invading countries does n't win any brownie points . the democrats get criticized for being too moderate and too nice . instead of using the same dirty tricks and viscious political rhetoric that the republicans use , the democratic party just sits back and takes the blows . this is n't good for the image of the party . also , rall believes that the democratic party is too disorganized . there is no central message for liberals everywhere . there are only small groups who only care about their own issues . if the democrats hope to come back to power , they 're going to have to get their act together . this book is an interesting read for those who consider themselves free thinkers
i 've just endured an unpleasant half hour trawling through the myriad reviews of `` grand canyon '' , that are so misinformed as to be laughable . aside from the fact that the new york times may have awarded this the `` worst film of all time '' ( in a year that `` robin hood - prince of thieves '' was released ? ? - please ! ) i find these attitude of such reviewers quite lamentable . grand canyon is a magnificent film - and absolutlely not just the purview of `` new agers '' ! anyone who has studied film to even a marginal degree will recognise the greatness in grand canyon . no , it 's not `` the godfather '' ... yet it is still one of the finest films of its time . to those it touches ( and there are many ) , it is unforgettable . kasdan had a vision that was unfortunately ahead of its time ( and still appears to be in <NUM> , judging from some of the reviews here ! ) . certainly not `` the big chill '' , grand canyon is a far more nuanced work - to those who understand its subtleties , it is sublime - to those still struggling to comprehend the mysteries , magic and meaning of our existance here , i can see how it might appear impenetrable or pretentious . that is no fault of the film itself - just as `` deuce bigalow '' is speaking to its chosen audience of prepubertal adolescents , so is grand canyon attempting to connect with those humans who choose to delve beneath the flimsy facade of modern existance . to the opinion-makers , it will naturally slip under their radar ; do n't let that be a reason for you missing this unmissable film . to anyone considering this film , i implore you - do not be distracted by the inane ramblings of posters who would n't understand a truly meaningful film if they fell over it . grand canyon is for a select audience - it will never be widely popular ; as if that were any true marker of what is important ! grand canyon stands tall as one of the great achievements of the 1990s - watch it , and be moved . watch it , and see a reflection of the world we currently find ourselves in - striving for answers , yearning for meaning ... and looking all the while for the magic that defines our existance . absolutely five stars
this ai n't your dad 's santana . named for original fleetwood mac guitarist peter green 's breathtaking blues instrumental ( he also composed black magic woman ) , here 's the album that rescued the entirely deserving carlos santana from endless classic rock tour pergatory . not since tina turner 's `` i 've still got legs '' comeback in the 80s has the music world witnessed such an unexpected and satisfying resurrection , thanks to the ingenious pairing of mexico 's guitar guru with a half dozen young disciples , and eric clapton tacked on for good measure . smooth , the funky , blistering rob thomas collaboration that knocked doldrums-drenched radio on its keister at the turn of the century was the catylist , culminating in the grammy 's most decorated album ever ( take that , michael ) . since carlos santana has always utilized a variety of vocalists ( from journey 's gregg rolie to buddy miles to john lee hooker ) and musical styles , hearing him play rock , hip-hop and jazz in tandem with everyone from lauryn ( where 'd she go , anyhoo ? ) hill to dave matthews to everlast is not such a far fetched notion . maria maria even has the product g & b extolling the virtues of `` carlos santana '' by name in their slniky groove-enriched rap . on the strictly spanish-speaking side , corazon espinado ( featuring mana ) sounds infectious in any language , and the rest is the vintage latino rock that this cat was blowin ' light years before ricky martin was even a menudo . when the musical history books are written , supernatural will remain proof positive that , yes virginia , there really is a santana claus . rating : five fiestas
i 'm astounded at the number of people that think that an upbeat lovesong like this is supposed to be sung with a voice that conveys angst . gritty is putting it mildly , the album version of this song sounds like chad kroeger has bronchitis .. curiously enough it sounds very similar to an audio file that 's been run through a heavy sound compression codec , which is to say distorted and overall harsh . i 'm certain that this is the version that santana would have wanted on the album , but alex band of the calling just is n't as big a name as chad kroeger of nickleback , they needed big names to sell it . so they recorded this altogether better version to play on the radio and in the video to make people think that 's what they were getting on the full cd , then pulled a fast one and delivered the bronchitis special edition instead . on the other hand as the other reviews have suggested , if you liked the album version , if you honestly believe that a love song is supposed to be sung with angst .. and .. er .. grit .. then the cd single is probably not for you
excellent spanish movie , that really reflects the consequences and attitudes of our modern catholic church , not only in one country , but in several around the world.the storyline is poignant and sometimes extremely cruel , but , is n't real life like that ? ? ? the performances are absolutely faultless and the script magnificently well adapted from the original book , the director , one of the best.but please have an open mind when you see it , and do n't try to imitate what you are about to see
i found `` healthy mind , healthy body handbook '' a very enjoyable way of learning very helpful information . was pleased with the service , ease and promptness of my order from amazon.com . janet c. simo
this book is full of excellent advice . i have been concerned about the products that i use for cleaning for a while and this book gave me a great one-stop resource to start doing something about it . the introduction on how to handle the mountain of stuff we tend to accumulate was a welcome bonus ( buying a copy for my ex-wife just for that ! )
agreed - this is some of the best songs i heard albert play on record . truly an excellent collection . you 'll hear not only albert 's awesome soulful singing but also a lot of intense blues guitar , which is truly `` king '' . the sound quality leaves more to be desired , but it is acceptable . material more than makes up for it . i played this record to someone who 's never heard albert king 's material before and they were shocked . i 'm a fan of albert king , and this is a valuable disc in my collection
this is a beautiful book addressing complex and dynamic elements of parenting . the writing is sweet , dramatic , sensual and educated . it dares to be politically incorrect and encourages a return to intimate mothering that has been lost via feminism and day care . as a new mom , i was overwhelmed with feelings of intimacy for my baby son ... i had no idea . i read the chapters , underlined , and tearfully re-read the moving paragraphs to my husband when he got home at night . oxenhandler succinctly captures the power of a child 's love for his momma , the smiles that light up a parent 's heart , as well as the darker side of sensuality between parent and child . it is a well-researched , albeit brave and scary , text
miki sugimoto is absolutely gorgeous and strong as rei , zero woman , a different brand of cop that will do anything to put away scum . after she murders , the first secretary of the embassy whose really a rapist lowlife , she gets put in prison . the president 's daughter gets kidnapped and the cops desperate to get her back bring back rei to do the job they ca n't do . amazingly over the top exploitation mixed with decent acting , a nice soundtrack and special effects . rei has her moments as well rubbing it to people who really deserve it . she 's without pity and compassion and when you see what happens to her you realize why . this is a great guilty pleasure that really needs to be seen . only five reviews so far ? anybody whose reading this review who has n't seen it needs to go out and buy it
how can anyone write so many great songs ? c'mon people , plunk down the forty-five stinking bucks and experience the unearthly genius of robert pollard . if you are already a fan , there is no excuse to not have this . as one might expect , this is not the starters place to look . bee thousand , alien lanes or the safer ( more normal sounding ) isolation drills would be the best choices . nice packaging , good booklet . excellent liner notes . pick your favorite <NUM> or <NUM> songs and make the ultimate gbv disc . what a joy the suitcase is .
i really like this cd , i am not a hard core fan of the group , i just happen to grow up in the <NUM> 's . but this cd is excellent and i recommend it .
this is a fairly in depth discussion of the epigraphic evidence from various mayan cities , including tikal , palenque , copan , seibal , chichen itza , uxmal , and iximche . the first chapter gives a brief overview of the mayan region , writing , architecture , and mythology that helps orient the reader to the cultural and physical setting of the ancient centers . thereafter each chapter is deducated to a specific site , its architecture , the written material illuminating its history , and its public personalities . ms schele 's book brings to life the ancient people , making them more real to the reader . it , like & quot ; lords of tikal & quot ; by peter harrison ( for which see my review list by clicking on my name or go to the book itself ) , helps the reader appreaciate the accomplishments of this society and of the researchers who have reclaimed it
this excellent <NUM> album shows hatfield & the north adopting a full blown canterbury rock sound - a nice mixture of quirky prog and jazz rock . although folks refer to a canterbury style before <NUM> ( i include myself here too ) , the bands lumped under the canterbury style pre-1975 were incredibly disparate and utilized a broad spectrum of musical styles . the henry cow ( experimental ) - caravan ( pop prog ) continuum comes to mind in fact . it was not until the mid-1970s however , that a distinct canterbury sound emerged ( quirky , proggy , jazz rock ) and this album is a superb example . the core lineup includes a virtual who 's who of canterbury rock : phil miller ( guitars ) ; drummer pip pyle ; richard sinclair ( vocals , bass guitar ) ; and dave stewart ( hammond organ , electric piano , tone generator . the additional musicians are also among the canterbury luminaries and include jimmy hastings ( flute , soparano and tenor saxophone ) ; mont campbell ( french horn ) ; lindsay cooper ( oboe and bassoon ) ; tim hodgkinson ( clarinet ) , and finally the northettes ( barbara gaskin , amanda parsons , and ann rosenthal ) . all of the musicians are absolutely top shelf and the individual performances are breathtaking . the ensemble work is also very intricate and there are some fairly dexterous meter shifts . i feel that richard sinclair 's vocals ( and bass playing ) are both excellent and it is always a treat to hear him perform whether with caravan , hatfield & the north , or camel . the nine tracks on the album are arranged into two largish suites , including tracks 1-8 and the massive 20'13 mumps suite . as i mentioned , although progressive rock is the dominant style , there is a good bit of jazz rock . in fact , there may be slightly more jazz rock than was found on the <NUM> debut . there is also the whimsical canterburian sense of humor - i think this is also a distinctive feature of the canterbury `` thing '' . greater emphasis is placed on instrumental sections and lengthy `` jams '' are scattered across the album , where dave and phil really get a chance to shine . the northettes also add a very nice , dreamy touch to each piece , and the woodwind playing , ( especially jimmy 's flute work ) , heighten this effect . there are also brief experimental sections too - the last few minutes of fitter stoke has a bath is a good example of this . overall , although i do n't feel that rotter 's club is much different than the debut , some folks might notice a bit of more of a jazz rock approach . the bonus tracks include alternate takes of big john wayne socks psychology on the jaw and chaos at the greasy spoon , in addition to the extremely jazzy track halfway between heaven and earth , the thunderous ( it is unbelievably heavy ) oh , len 's nature ! , and the once again very jazz-rocky lying and gracing ( it sounds live but there is no indication of where it was recorded ) . these last three tracks are superb . all in all , this is an excellent hatfield & the north album and is highly recommended along with the <NUM> debut
in november of <NUM> when i was seven years old my fatherwas watching a mini series ( remember those people ) on cbs . it was kane and abel and after watching it for the last <NUM> years i have been fasinatied with that story . i did not know until <NUM> that it was a book so i bought it and its sequel . i loved the prodigal daughter although i do have some things i would have done differently . i for one who have call the book the prodigal children with a focus on richard childhood as well . one of my favorite things in the novel was that while florentyna was a democrat richard was a repulican ( the good kind not the crazy ones you have today . ) i guess becuase although there is around a 10-15 year age difference between the chacters and my own parents that is how they are . ( my favorite scene in this is when richard puts a barry goldwater bumpersticker on their car she rips it right off . another one is when richard after telling his wife that he did not cheat on her florentyna said `` you should have slept with her '' meaning richard 's old girlfriend becuase that would have cemeted a business deal ) i also did not like fact that richard died and they brought in edward wincheaster as a second husband or that the book went into a future that never could come true . but then again that is nit picking . by the way a book in which a blond <NUM> something chicago born woman seantor becomes the first female united states president . hillary some british guy made you polish
okay , this was n't too bad . the plot is about the prime directive and what it means . well , an alien force and certain star fleet members express interest in a planet with regenerative properties . their interests violates star fleet 's golden rule , `` the prime directive '' . the federation may not interfere in the development of other civilizations . picard makes a very hard choice and go against star fleet 's golden rule . picard and his crew must protect and defend the planet . even if it means the end of their careers at star fleet .
i have never seen the original old unfaithfully yours movie but i saw this remake on hbo and i thought it was very funny ! dudley moore , nastassia kinski and the rest of the cast were great and i 'm glad that this underrated movie is finally on dvd and i highly recommend it . dudley moore plays a composer married to a much younger woman played by nastassia kinski and he goes kind of mad with jealousy when he thinks she is having an affair and has bizarre fantasies of doing her in ! but is she really having an affair or is he letting his imagination run away with him ? watch this hilariously funny underappreciated movie and find out
loved the movie , really like the cd . it 's good music that makes you remember the movie . perfect addition to a holiday music collection
this modern library edition runs true to form , lacking much in the way of supplemental material or notes but providing a good basic presentation of the text on quality paper in a good binding . an edition to keep on the shelf for occasional reading rather than a student 's book . if there 's a really good scholarly edition of the `` morte '' out there i do n't know about it - anyone ?
this is one of the greatest hip hop albums i 've ever listened to . in my opinion , murs has never sounded so good . his flows are vivid and realistic and the production fitted them to the tee . i thought every song was extremely dope . i highly recommend this in your collection . i know this review will not make me popular w/many but i have to write it how i honestly feel . save the negative remarks for someone who cares . i know murs is not the best mc of all time . i 'm not sayin that . he 's far from it . i 'm sayin this is my 2nd favorite album of all time simply for the overall feelings i get from it every time i put it on . i 'm sure if you want some heart-felt/feel-good hip hop music this will suit you . peac
i bought this for my teenage son for christmas . he watched and re-watched this season . and i found myself working thru the discs too .
this book is an excellent way to introduce solids , liquids , and gases . i used it with a 3rd grade class and it was perfect
with engines of creation , joe satriani did what he has always done : make the most of the tools he chooses to use . only this time , he uses electronic beats and soundscapes as the canvas on which to express his skill with the guitar . it would be easy to give this one listen and wonder where the guy who wrote `` satch boogie , '' `` war '' and `` flying in a blue dream '' went . well , he 's still here , only more than ever he 's showing us his incredible command of his instrument by being able to create sounds that so perfecly reflect what they intend to convey . i 've never heard robots having sex , but i 'm willing to be `` borg sex '' is n't far off . and although his calmly passing , sometimes noodling melodies appear to have little structure , that 's kinda how you 'd expect to see `` clouds race across the sky . '' the 'chorus ' to `` devil 's slide '' sounds as sinister as its name suggests and `` attack '' is as close to a musical sci-fi battle as i 've ever heard . to top it off , the album includes `` until we say goodbye , '' one of satch 's best ballads in his entire catalogue . if you 're willing to put a little more mental energy into appreciating the work satch put into this album than just waiting for the album to rock your socks off surfing with the alien-style , you 'll find that there 's an incredible amount of depth -- and musicianship -- to be found . it 's not a satriani masterpiece , but its a true testament to the man 's enduring creativity
the black jacobins is a timeless classic in both the history and practice of liberation theory.i enjoyed the distinct pleasure of taking undergraduate work with clr james in the early eighties . his undimmed passion and clarity shaped me deeply . he was quite arguably the greatest unabashed dialectical materialist of the harlem renaissance . i heartily recommend that you treat yourself to this , his signature creation
just saw the `` kid '' the other night and the tracks he played from long time coming blew the house away . what is missing on the studio versions are the blistering ( understatement ) leads he incorporated . the title track and give me up again both earned well deserved standing ovations . i ca n't wait for a live album . myself , i just mixed a cd incorporating the best of all three albums and long time coming makes it an all around great listen .
the brilliance of the work on the early bad religion albums ( suffer , no control and against the grain ) is that it manages to be simultaneously delicate yet undeniably coarse . in terms of the lyrics , they ca n't get much more intricate , and yet they retain a hardened edge laced with a characteristically punk sense of discontent , which makes for a perfect balance . vocally and musically the bad religion of against the grain are far more raw than they are they are currently , but there is still a sharpness which ensures that their raw edge does not make them come across as simply sloppy . highlights include anesthesia - with brett doing what he does best and delving fearlessly into realm of the deeply troubled individual , and greg furiously spitting social criticisms via his seamless polysyllabic approach in get off and quality and quantity . god song is another gem which sits comfortably in the company of other bad religion tracks questioning the nature of religion , such as chimaera and generator , which are arguably some of their most effective songs . it 's inconceivable that the boys will once again achieve the kind of punk perfection they did with this album , ( and with generator and stranger than fiction ) so no self-respecting punk should hesitate buying a copy of against the grain . it is a classic which effectively helped to define the genre of <NUM> 's punk rock
this release from delerium is pretty much there most polished up & edited cd to date . it is good . although i feel it is not there best , it is nice to hear the <NUM> members working together again . i give it <NUM> stars . buy it
this is a beautiful bible . my son gave my a borders gift certificate for my birthday and i wanted to get something i would use daily and this bible is perfect . the devotions are timely and meaningful . this edition is truly a treasure .
i gave `` the aristocrats '' <NUM> star , as i thought it was just a pile of disgusting comments , words and images going nowhere . this pamela roast is a heap of disgusting comments , words and images definately going somewhere - to your funnybone - because it is applied with wit ! i do n't want to spoil your fun by quoting jokes from the show , but let me just give you an example . referring to the sextape of pamela and tommy , one of the roasters said : '' i have not seen a p * * * y take such a pounding since clay aitken lost to ruben stuttard '' . i thought this was a hilarious roast , and i regularly show it to friends who then fall about laughing . i also thought pamela handled it with grace and style , and i admire her immensely for that ! if you like adult comedy , you can not go wrong with this dvd
it is an awesome book . if you do n't believe me and the other reviewers , go to the library and read it to see for yourself . it is definitely worth reading
i picked this up in vhs at a video store for <NUM> cents , figured it would be an okay piece of entertainment . boy , was i surprised ! this is an excellent bit of comedy , beautifully acted , wonderfully edited , totally enjoyable entertainment ! the dysfunctional family dynamics are hysterical , the young people are attractive and funny , the plot twists are very unexpected , and it 's simply beautifully done . do n't miss this one !
sleater-kinney 's dig me out is not only one of the finest records of the <NUM> 's , it 's a pivotal cross-section of <NUM> 's music - spitfire women striking independence on one end , vulnerable earthy types pow-wowing on the other . it may be a masterful sonic assault of punk fury , but it 's punk fury mixed with intimacy and fragility . when corin tucker wails in the title track to dig her , `` out of my body , out of my skin , '' you feel wounded alright , but it 's in the humanity of such a line and the honesty of its production . the songs do n't let down from there - the sad love-triangle crackdown of `` one more hour , '' the fury of `` words and guitar , '' the sexiness of `` dance song '97 . '' this is the moment that a very good band became a great one with the capacity to topple over rock 's foundation by aiming for its heart
it broke my heart to see anyone compare this masterpiece to a disney film or a modern work of art . there is no comparison . i first read this book <NUM> years ago and was so captivated that i could not put it down . i often wonder why hollywood tried to reproduce this book at all , since not one single movie has ever come close to giving us a glimpse of all this book has to offer . the ties and the love and the betrayal , the architectual detail alone , all of it make for one of the most profound works of literature ever written . please do not be spoiled by the quick reads that one is most aquainted with today . take the time to reaquaint yourself with this extraordinary work that will leave you heartbroken and amazed by the end .
i have been an investment counselor for over <NUM> years . this book makes more common sense than any book i have read on the subject . my main regret is that is was n't around earlier . it is the key to wealth and security .
kingsley surely deserved another best supporting actor oscar , and fishburne was wonderful as always . a really super flic . zallian scripted the terrific `` awakenings '' with robert de niro
whether you 've already used up the previous two spanish guides in the practice makes perfect series ( spanish verb tenses , and spanish pronouns and pronouns ) , or this is your introduction , this workbook is as good as it gets for the intermediate to advanced student of spanish who wants to keep learning beyond the classroom . complete spanish grammar has it all -- friendly , down-to-earth language , exercises that could have been taken right out of hispanic shops and streets and living rooms , and explanations of grammar components that actually make sense . i do n't know how many times i 've heard the exact phrases i just saw in the workbook while walking down the streets of mexican towns . and since it 's soft-cover , it 's easy to take with you and work with while traveling . hey , at $ 10.95 , you can even afford to buy and extra one to keep in the car .
dc is great , the neighbors are very nosey , wonderful family movie
a very romantic story . somewhat graphic with quite of bit of swearing but in a low-key way . i read it and then read it again a few days later . too long to read in one sitting . it made me cry
one of the early judas priest albums , here we find rob halford 's voice slightly different ( something that would be complained about <NUM> years later with the release of an album with the band two ) and starting to change into the voice we hear on albums like `` british steel '' and `` screaming for vengeance . '' all of glenn tipton 's and kk downing 's signature guitar licks are on here . all the songs are good ( there 's even a priest classic ... '' beyond the realms of death '' ) but this album is far from being their best album or even in the same league as albums like `` hellbent for leather '' or `` british steel '' . but , do n't get me wrong . it 's good for an earlier release , but other than that ... get one of their later albums first . <NUM> . exciter-5/5-good drum intro . the song is catchy for the most part and rob halford does some great screetching in this song . <NUM> . white heat , red hot-4/5-this song 's ok , but i think the part where halford says `` white heat , red hot . '' is annoying . <NUM> . better by you better than me-3/5-his voice sounds more like it did on later albums , but this song does n't seem really inspired . <NUM> . stained class-5/5-great song ! the music on this track in particular rocks . <NUM> . invader-5/5-this song took a while to grow on me , but it 's a very cool song . <NUM> . saints in hell-5/5-i like the title and the lyrics . the song has some great sounds . <NUM> . savage-5/5-this song is really great , halford 's screeching ca n't be topped on this song . <NUM> . beyond the realms of death-5/5-probably the best song on here . <NUM> . heroes end-5/5-lyrics are good ( for a hard rock song ) . a
although my trips to fast-food joints have only been reduced ( not eliminated ) , i 've found myself referring to fast-food beverages as `` drinking corn '' .... you 'll need to read the book to find out why . i recommend this book if you 're at all curious about the food you eat . it was great that the auther was able to give both sides of the story for each of the <NUM> meals and i 've certainly been taking a closer look at where my food comes from
swiss ball basics is a <NUM> minute workout , there is only <NUM> exercises which are performed in <NUM> sets of about <NUM> reps , the instructor shows more advanced variations on the second set and does some stretches in between the sets . though the exercises can be challenging , the workout is pretty slow paced and let you to concentrate in the exercises . the quality of this video is very good and it is filmed on a sanded area , the instruction is very good also and during the exercises there 's some animated pointers . i think if youre in a good shape you 'd be better off just buying his `` swiss ball abs '' it has most of the exercises from swiss ball basics but it has 3x20 minute workouts in different levels ( but there all pretty tough ) .
a potentially and stunned melodic death metal album . i 'm not considder their best work but this album is their most complete . incredible melodies , excellent musicianship , stunning guitar riffs . an awesome record by this guys ! !
i am a student in a culinary program for breads and specialty desserts and my chefs stand behind these books <NUM> % . the step by step instruction that includes illustration as well as the history of the preparation make these books invaluable if you are at all interested in baking
that is coming from someone who love anything this director makes , presents , or endorses . i think this is a very complex and satisfying film . using the relatively unfilmed cities of la , such as hawthorne , compton , the real hollywood , it utilizes a more down to earth approach to real world crime . this is n't about a multimillion dollar heist , and the criminals are likeable and genuinely interesting even if one or two are full of themselves ( namely ordell and melanie . ) the film opens with the classic across 110th street as sung by bobby womack and featuring a strong pam grier , walking that moving sidewalk at lax . as the opening progresses she ends up possessing a look of worry on her face that shows a very strong woman 's strength become vulnerablity . from then on we meet a handful of excentric baddies and law enforcers , that are all likeable , interesting and have at least one or two funny lines ( with the exception of the cop who is n't michael keaton , who is just a plain jackass cowboy cop ) my favorite part is the friendship/romance between pam and the subtle and sensational robert forster . starting with a very special ride home , which bleeds to a bar , and then to griers apartment . all involve rich dialogue and interest shown . they bond thru body language , their age , and eventually music ( `` the del -- -- fonics '' . ) the fact that forster rushes to the nearest record store for his first delfonics tape is just plain cute , and shows he is falling for her music and all . the scenes between grier and sam jackson also need recognition . they are at times funny , terrifying , and very well acted . there is also robert diniro as an old friend/partner to jackson , and a few girlfriends of ordell 's such as surfer girl/pothead melanie , old sex siren simone , and super slow country girl sheronda . there is just a bunch of rich characters here , and they all give great parts no matter how big or how small ... especially chris tucker , who 's performance as a snitch is equal parts brilliant and hilarious . this movie just hits a right note for anyone interested in a talky , rich picture . tarantino says this is a movie for older people , well at <NUM> , i 'm definitely not younger , but this is my favorite of all tarantino films , be it because of the great soundtrack , storyline , performances , direction it makes no difference . it 's my favorite period . give it a chance and you 'll see what i see ... great movie
newly revised and updated by diana cook , kristin visser 's wisconsin trivia is an exciting , fascinating and fun book about wisconsin which is written entirely in question-and-answer format . each question and answer is separated by a small icon of wisconsin cheese ! divided into sections on geography , entertainment , history , arts & amp ; literature , sports & amp ; leisure , and science & amp ; nature , wisconsin trivia is excellent not only as amusing and informative leisure reading , but also as a source of questions for a rousing game of wisconsin-themed trivial pursuit . highly entertaining and filled with questions sure to challenge even the most settled of wisconsin residents , wisconsin trivia makes for an especially timely gift with the coming of wisconsin 's sesquicentennial - the 150th anniversary of wisconsin 's admission to the union . wisconsin trivia is highly recommended for personal browsing or as an authoritative source for party time trivia contests
hilarious . simply hilarious . this show is genius , one of the smartest and funniest comedies ever . i am shocked it was cancelled after <NUM> seasons and amazed that it is not more widely accepted as quite possibly the best show on television . anyone with a good sense of humor that loves ridiculous situations and randomness would love these dvd 's . i only hope that comedy central releases seasons <NUM> and <NUM> . there is a petition , everyone who 's interested should sign , just google it
the rushing , lush & quot ; love song & quot ; by ronan hardiman opens this set with gorgeous vocals and celtic influences over pop beats . & quot ; rushing & quot ; by moby is a laid-back groove with simple piano melodies on top . a sensuous female vocal is the centerpiece of balligomingo 's & quot ; lost & quot ; , and the multi-layered instrumentation over a dance beat make this a prime cut off this cd . thomas newman 's & quot ; lunch with the king & quot ; is taken from the & quot ; american beauty & quot ; soundtrack , and fits the scene it was taken from perfectly . it 's a differently-themed piece . pilgramage 's & quot ; through the seas of life & quot ; has some beautiful religious-themed vocals running through this up-tempo groove . electronically cut together vocals detract from the pure danceability of govinda 's & quot ; aspetta & quot ; , especially with a lively fiddle melody that weaves in and out . & quot ; the garden & quot ; by faithless is a musical soundscape that combines new age , electronica and pop to create a danceable groove yet retain the new age feel . the jazzy & quot ; blue skies & quot ; by soma sonic is very trip-hop like , and includes high ethereal female vocals occasionally layered on top . ikarus ' & quot ; bassment & quot ; almost sounds like a fatboy slim record with male chanting on top . this track is n't one of the better ones . & quot ; peaceful village & quot ; brings japanese influences to new-age pop by way of yasue , and does it well . a deep groove with vocals that weave in and out in a jazzy way is the trademark of phobos ' & quot ; soul of desire & quot ; , a simply beautiful relaxing track . the sprit of eden and davy spillane team up on & quot ; the sun and the moon and the stars & quot ; , another track with an electronic beat and heavy celtic influences . lovely to listen to on a windy day . dagda is electronic trance music with celtic melodies on top , and while similar things have been done before , they do it very well . their track , & quot ; shades of the otherworld & quot ; stands out here and dagda should be a group to watch . clair marlo 's & quot ; celtic groove & quot ; is exactly what it says it is , and it is also done very well . another artist to watch . alkaemy 's & quot ; enchantment & quot ; ends this disc , and does so in a laid-back fashion . a very subdued beat with celtic mystic influences make this a beautiful closer for the cd . yet another winner for elevation
although this is an inaccurate adaptation of the original , it seems best to interpret this film on its own merit . those who have read the novel will find this difficult , but others are in for a treat . although somewhat shocking at first , this finely crafted film contains many nuances of political and social commentary that become more apparent on subsequent viewing . this film has aged well , given the current political climate and world events . here we see a vision of government founded on the politics of fear and openly contrived war set in a framework of wwii and cold war-styled propaganda . unfortunately , the parody is not as exaggerated as one might hope . visually , the film is spectacular . the score by basil pouledouris is itself worth the price of admission and is one of the best i have heard in three decades of collecting soundtracks . despite this recommendation , i should emphasize that this film is absolutely violent , with the stated aim of depicting the realities of war and is definitely not for the faint-hearted . an interesting aside , probably not well known outside australia , is that australian politician pauline hansen ( one nation ) ran a youth campaign directly modeled on the graphics and narration style of the federation propaganda web clips depicted in this film ; an hilarious blunder considering the controversy surrounding her campaign ( accusations of fascist leanings by her critics )
this has lots of background and biographical information . plus it includes other materials . well done . i was a little disappointed in the quality of the paper .
like pete said , frances the mute is supposed to be the first song of the album by the same title . i wondered whether getting a cd single would be worth it just for the one song ( since i already had the widow from ftm the album ) , and after hearing it , i do n't think i could listen to the full album again without starting off with the ftm song . it seems that critical to the album . it starts off with about <NUM> and a half minutes of what sounds like metal clanging , like prison bars or something , then picks up with the main part of the song , simple but powerful . when that ends after a few minutes , you get a few minutes of very slow , quiet beautifully depressing and haunting section and then builds for the grand finale to the song and drifts into the opening ftm the album where `` the ocean floor is hidden from your viewing lens '' picks up . trust me , for hardcore fans , this is essential . if anything , download . you need this
after purposely avoiding the entire harry potter frenzied bandwagon , i finally gave in . my curiosity was peaked following a news story i saw in regards to some folks burning harry potter books in protest . i had to find out what exactly the fuss was about . knowing nothing about the books i randomly picked up the prisoner of azkaban , actually the third book in the series by j.k. rowling . the minute i picked it up , i could n't put it back down and read the entire book and continued on to its two predecessors . i had joined the potter bandwagon . the story starts the same as each with harry spending the summer at his dreadful aunt & uncle 's house before returning to another year at magic boarding school - hogwarts - where he is learning to be a wizard . in this , his third year at hogwarts , harry , now <NUM> , is a teenager and all the complications that accompany that stage of life on top of discovering there is an escaped prisoner from the wizard prison azkaban rumored to be pursuing him . of course , the story is n't as simple as that . for the first time , we get a real look into harry 's past and the greater , darker story unraveling of harry 's connection to the evil lord voldemort that will run the remainder of the series . even with the impeding moments of doom , life saving time travel and frightening shadowy dementor 's lurking about , the story is n't entirely angst filled . there are plenty of humorous moments originating from normal awkward coming of age relationships and experiences . from harry 's two best friends constant bickering to discovering girls and a map of secret passages that leads to plenty of trouble and humor along the way . when harry is warned escaped azkaban prisoner is after him , harry prioritizes like most normal teenagers by focusing on what is really important - sports ! whatever lofty expectations the surrounding wizard community puts on him , harry does n't view himself as that hero . his story is much like cinderella 's story or the little princess by frances hodgson burnett . like sara , harry finds his fortune , who his parents were , and his new guardian , but his troubles are not solely with his wicked step family or a money hungry orphanage keeper . throughout harry & sara stay true to the people who have stood by them thru hardship . they remember the true friendship and mercy from the few that bestowed it . as a result of harry being rather new to the wizard world , he is nave to the fear inspired by lord voldemort or rather `` you-know-who '' as the magic community refers to him as . this allows harry to speak with a boldness that challenges the adults in his world to face a fear they do n't wish to acknowledge . harry sees the truth of what is to come , what they refuse to see ; lord voldemort 's return . in the secret garden , also by burnett , mary lennox comes to mind . while she was not as humble or endearing initially as harry or sara , with her obstinate & stubborn curiosity she helps the adults in her world to face the fears literally crippling the one thing they were trying so hard to protect . as harry unravels his parent 's death , in the process he brings to light the truth of those comfortable deceptions the adults in his world have chosen to believe ; but understanding and acceptance does not come quickly . and as with all the harry potter series the magic jargon and side stories fabulously set the stage and draw you into its world . harry 's world is n't the idealistic fairy tale where everyone lives happily ever after . becoming a wizard does n't give harry a perfect life nor does it return his parents , which is the one thing his heart aches for . it is what makes harry a relatable and loveable character throughout the series . there are seven books total in this series by rowling , not including a few fictional hogwart 's text books written as supplements . six of the books are currently published with rowling working on the final book due out in <NUM> . you wo n't find me in line at the midnight release for the highly anticipated finale , but i will be preordering ! it is a great fairy tale with boundless imagination and humor for all ages
is amy goodman the last honest journalist in america ? along with maybe <NUM> others - maybe yeah ! ! ! what i admire most about ms goodman is her persistence - while there are other hard-working investigative journalists - seymour hersh , robert fisk , to name a few - no one - but no one - punches in as many hours on the clock as she does . all of which is evidenced in the book which is a summation of the highlights of her research leading up to the build-up of the war in iraq and through the war as it stands now . what is essential in this rendering , however , is that the reasons for our current policy are made explicit - as they are daily on her magnificent show on radio free america - pacifica . it 's nice to see it collected in an easily referenced and indexed hard copy
we came to the west wing late and from a country outside the usa . we have found it compelling viewing with some episodes that used all aspects of cinema so well they went far beyond the usual tv fare . watching them all back to back from this box set you can have some quibbles such as unueven character development at times ( people do things very much 'out of character ' occasionally ) and everyone has the same sense of humour ( which i 've never found in a workplace ) . but i think these things were more noticeable watching them all at once . in a long series such as this the writers could be forgiven for drifting and forgetting from time to time . the acting is almost uniformly excellent . i 'd like to particularly applaud the packaging of this box set . its a compact way of presenting <NUM> disks and is very appropriate to the series -a blue leather folio with files for each season inside.it also has several lavish accompanying booklets . clever and appropriate marketing . the price was fine too - reasonable 'per season ' cost as sold by amazon
this is my favorite cd of vanessa-mae 's , and definitely the one you should buy first . the pop/techno arrangements are very good , not cheesy and dated sounding like those on the violin player . a must-have for anyone who enjoys the classical crossover genre
a lot of fans of series <NUM> through <NUM> would say series <NUM> & <NUM> are a travesty , or that they are a letdown . i suppose that would make me one of the solitary voices of opposition . the way i see it , <NUM> & <NUM> are simply the natural progression of the show . even around series <NUM> , i 've noticed that the same tired old jokes were being run into the ground , particularly in regards to cat 's nose/sniff gags , one-liners about dead fashions , and kryten 's sudden and unexplainable lapses back into his inability to call rimmer a `` smeghead '' ( smeeee-heeee ! ) . i do n't know how the diehard fans abide it , but for me , it got a little old . starting with series <NUM> , there 's a bit more drama involved , and not such a disregard for the lack of continuity . the cliffhanger at the end of series <NUM> leaves you wanting , but as it 's now approaching <NUM> years since , i would n't hold out hopes for another series . do n't be surprised if that 's all , folks
i hate people who complain that films do n't have enough of some element , some band who they want to see . there are enough oasis , blur and pulp videos out there to catch up on . there is john harris ' britpop book . britpop was a media invention . it is a tired subject . but it did happen . it is essential to talk about the blur vs . oasis thing at some point . i feel that this film succeeded at some point . there are another hour of interviews with the bands as a bonus . if you do n't like this film , make your own . it will probably suck . it will probably have a thousand close shots of jarvis cocker . that is just fandom . that is monomania . that is not narrative filmmaking
the intricate , extensive and sublimely rocking introduction to `` sweet jane '' which opens rock & roll animal must have made many of this album 's earliest buyers think they 'd fallen victim to a record company foul-up . surely the soaring guitars , thundering bass and tight , swirling drums with which they were confronted could n't have had anything to do with lou reed , legendarily laconic purveyor of atonal drones and decadent , rambling anecdotes . but sure enough , after three and a half minutes all that virtuosic showboating somehow morphed into the beloved velvet underground classic , with reed tossing off his lines in a voice by turns sardonic , indifferent and haunted . the result was , and still is , an album both the hardcore reed fan and the reed-hating hard rocker can dig , an eminently successful experiment in classic seventies metal from a man whose prior recordings had firmly established him at the opposite pole of the sonic spectrum . in truth , however , animal is less a lou reed album than an album of lou reed songs as ( stunningly ) interpreted by what was then alice cooper 's touring band . the leader 's presence here , while significant in establishing the requisite dark , dissipated and druggy ambience , is ultimately more counterpoint than fulcrum . instead , it 's the beautiful picking of guitarists steve hunter and dick wagner , ray colcord 's nightmarish organ runs and the stop-on-a-dime interplay of bassist prakash john and drummer pentti glan that are the real story , offering up post-allman brothers reinventions of velvets nuggets like `` heroin , '' `` white light , white heat '' and `` rock & roll '' as well as several tracks from reed 's outrageously underrated berlin lp . what starts out looking like the most awkward of musical marriages ends up being one of rock 's all-time greatest live albums , its dynamism literally unflagging from one end to the other . recommended for ... well , you
this is a clever film with an imaginative layering of stories , with a central historical thrust that is disturbing but important to hear about .
this noam chomsky speech on dvd is , as usual , enlightening . mr chomsky documents the facts , the truths , and his knowledge of terrorism researched over the past years . this speech and the bonus interview with the harvard audience all point out to to us how easily manipulated each of us are when we passively `` believe '' what we are told by our government , rather than seeking to `` know '' the facts ( or simply ask , `` wait , is that statement true ? '' ) . mr chomsky explains patiently , that facts are important . words and meaning can not be negotiated by idealogical and political spinners .
the bible is the deepest , most intelligent , and powerful writing ever penned . because it is such a profound book , parts of it may at times seem confusing . many times i struggled through the pages of the old testament trying to comprehend the history . sometimes i would give up , becoming weary of the long string of names or descriptions of who begat whom . why did god 's word have to be so difficult for me ? i so wanted to be able to read the bible and be as interested in its history as i was in the tudor era . of course , i never dreamed that there was a book out there just for me . when my mom presented me with adam and his kin by dr. ruth beechick i immediately devoured it . the story , the history , the bible ! mrs. beechick retells the story of genesis like no other author has . i found myself intrigued and delighted as i read about eve 's heartbreaking struggle in the garden of eden , the tragic murder of abel , the fascinating story of noah , and even the tower of babel . it was like reliving history beside these amazing figures and the spectacular events which surrounded them . i could actually feel eve 's longing for the forbidden , i mourned for noah as he was made fun of and taunted while he built the most amazing boat in the world , the boat that god instructed him to build . in adam and his kin history comes to life and you experience what life was like thousands of years ago . in my opinion , this book is a masterpiece and i can give it nothing but the highest praise . j.m . age <NUM>
for anyone who enjoys good acting , wonderful plot and enjoyable drama this is a must . for those not familiar with shakespeare this is a fabulous introduction to his comedies
outstanding book . i was lucky enough to meet lyle bouck . i can honestly say , he is one of the finest men i have ever had a chance to meet . there is no reason this man should not have won the medal of honor . a great read , and excellent job on telling the story of these heros
this books makes the cutest models and manipulative things ! if you make lapbooks , or notebooks for your units this would be the thing to get . there are things here i have seen nowhere else . it is adaptable up or down to the grade level it shows . perfect for homeschooling . i have used some of it in a group as well
the professional reviewer missed the main point of jeffrey 's dilemma . he 's not so afraid of getting aids ; he 's afraid of falling in love with a man who then dies of it . most people figure a <NUM> % chance of dying before their spouse ; but taking on a person with a known , fatal disease throws those odds way out of kilter and creates a desperate , poignant situation . steve weber is no gayer than george bush but he certainly is an enthusiastic kisser . this was the first film i saw michael weiss in and he totally had me convinced he was gay . i knew patrick stewart is n't , but his performance is dead on . overall , a very funny movie with a big , big heart
very funny , i love the ol ' classic screwball comedies where everyone is screaming hysterically , running madly and falling all over each other . oscar ' o.j . ' jaffe , played with psychotic brilliance by john barrymore , is a hyperactive megalomaniac stage director who after discovering carole lombard and making her into a gigantic star smothers her with his controlling nature until she finally has enough and leaves for hollywood . after she leaves he has nothing but flops until he 's in danger of loosing his theater , so in one desperate last ditch effort he tries to get lombard back . how neither howard hawks nor john barrymore got an oscar nomination for this movie is a mystery to me . d : howard hawks ( rio bravo , bringing up baby ) oscar ' o.j . ' jaffe - john barrymore ( grand hotel , diner at eight ) lily garland - carole lombard ( my man godfrey , to be or not to be ) oliver webb - walter connolly ( it happened one night , libeled lady ) owen o'malley - roscoe karns ( they drive by night , it happened one night ) max jacobs - charles lane ( it 's a wonderful life , arsenic and old lace ) mathew j. clark - etienne girardot ( the kennel murder case , the hunchback of notre dame '39 )
this second volume of theleweit 's ground-breaking examination of proto-fascist 'freikorps ' novels spans disciplinary lines by examining historical documents from a unique combination of feminist and psychological perspectives . while the text is intellectually weighty , theleweit manages to avoid the verbal dryness inherent in the subject . his thesis is outrageous , illuminating and largely coherent . a must read for aspiring academics and cultural historia
this book well describes the problems italy was facing with foreign powers after the roman empire fell and how they regained control . it really describes the risorgimento well and included all of the major leaders involved . france 's influence is also well explained and shows the series of events , including the deaths of leaders and the creation of new leaders , that shaped modern day italy
i watched the director 's cut version twice and still could n't figure out what was going on in the movie . only after i went through the commentary , did everything ( except for one thing ) make sense . i doubt anyone could really get the story after one viewing or without the help of the commentary or the info on the internet . if the audience does n't `` get it '' by watching the movie alone , i say it is a failure on the film maker 's part . that said , i was intrigued by it . i guess the challenge of figuring it out is what attracts geeks ( i consider myself one ) everywhere to this movie . when you finally `` get it '' , it becomes a wonderful movie . just one thing that still does n't make sense though , when the jet engine ( the artifact ) appears in the primary universe at the end of the movie , does n't it make it a tangent universe ? does n't the clock start ticking again , only this time , it would n't be donnie who saves it
although most of modern day america will not want to hear the research this book relates , it is fascinating - a little infuriating , and very interesting . the facts and information presented on our health care system and mostly about our standard american diet have led me to a complete diet change - and i feel great now ! i also know i 'm doing what is best for my body . the book is easy to read and understandable even with the research statistics . i would encourage anyone who is interested in their health to read this , but be warned - you may not like what you learn .
ian moores selt titled debut , overall , is his best output , and judging by his new found musical style , will remain so . i could'nt honestly understand all the hoo-haa about the srv guitar similarities . when we are talking about srv clones , we are talking about sunset heights , indigenous , scarlet runner etc . on this debut , there is not one bit of evidence about ripping off srv . none of the songs are straight out blues songs . they are in fact a mixture of rock and soul . ian has now gone on the trek of leaving behind his guitar hero status and concetrating on his fine song-writing talent and his gifted soulful voice . no weak tracks on this cd at all which can not be said about any other ian moore cd . ian 's vocalist heroes all stem round the golden era of rnb with stevie wonder , marvin gaye etc to the fore . you can really feel his emotions when he sings , and this ca n't really be said about srv in the same way . i saw ian at the small prestigeous london club `` the borderline '' on july <NUM> <NUM> , and it still rates as one of the best concerts i have seen in my entire life . although i was a little bit disappointed that he didnt include my personal fave on the cd ( i.e . revelation ) , as it was only a <NUM> min support slot to omar and the howlers . he in fact included <NUM> or <NUM> cover versions including `` me and my guitar '' and `` spanish castle magic '' . ian would later appear at wembley arena in support to zz top ( capacity approx . <NUM> ) , but the only thing ian had in comparison to la trio grande is that they both hail from texas . a better support slot would have been to bryan adams as an example . ian later went on to write <NUM> more albums with the original band ( modern day folklore and and all the colors ) , and from those albums came <NUM> amazing tracks ( today , coming around , time of dying and fickle ) . he would also release a minil live album ( live in austin ) with the original line-up as well which includes <NUM> or <NUM> songs from the debut as well as `` me and my guitar '' . i heard a rumour that ian never made it because he was `` too hollywood '' with his pretty boy looks etc . i met ian at the borderline gig , and he was vey humble , calm and polite with no sign of ego or arrogance . i really do hope we get the chance again to hear ian play some real blues music , and let the world know what really could have been . either way , i wish him all the best
this has got to be the best instructional skiing dvd or video that i have yet seen ... and i have a shelf full of material . i can tell you , this dvd will gather no dust . it is now my definitive reference for the sport . it 's exceptionally well organized . i have compared xczone.tv methods against other instructional videos and found theirs superior in every respect : quality of production , performance of skiers , clarity and correctness of description .
the practice of the witch relies on sources of energy for the workings . a good witch can draw upon the elemental energies for her use and knows the properties well and how to use them best . ms. sullivan 's book examines closely the properties of each of the four elements and gives a good rounded education in their history , associations and applications . the book is broken down into each element and then breaks it own further into the path of each element , the magics and then deity associations . there is lore , spells , recipes and herbal and stone associations . what is nice about this book is that is does offer information on all four elements , and gives the beginning practitioner a well rounded education . and while you may find you have a preference for one or two elements , this book will give you a good look at working with all four . this is a nice book , easy to read and understand and provides the basics for anyone looking at the practice of witchcraft using the four elements as focus . boudic
after the last few albums i was losing hope but damn this one rocks ! highlights are definitely die dead enough , the scorpion , kick the chair , back in the day , of mice and men , and tears in a vial . the rest are mediocre but ho wmany albums do you buy anymore with so many great songs
this cd is the best caribbean music that money can buy in cd form . the tracts are well organized . perfect cd for a dance party
& quot ; figures of speech & quot ; sets itself apart from other guides to rhetorical devices by its use of quotations to illustrate the terms it defines . citing the bible , shakespeare , and many other authors , quinn shows the power , purpose and effect of each device
this show has it all , i can only hope this continues fall the remaining seasons . i never thought it was this deep , how entertaining can a show about a high school student killing vampires be ? damn entertaining , that is what !
i must admit i bought this album for the cover alone . i must also confess that i had never heard of belphegor . i was browsing a mom and pop record store looking for hard to find cds and in their new release section i came across `` pestapokalyspse vi '' . being a fan of death metal i decided to give it a try . i 'm always looking for new bands to get into . i am very glad i gave these guys a whirl . the best way i can describe the sound of this album is that is seems to be a strong combination of norwegian black metal and death metal . the heaviest aspect to this record in my opinion is the drums , there are ton of pummeling blast beats that are just relentless from these german dark lords . as heavy as belphegor are they also have a strong sense of melody . after the first two tracks of pummeling death metal the band then slows down a bit with the track `` angel of retribution '' . there is some pretty impressive guitar work on this song . there is also some really dark demonic like chanting on this record which to me belphegor could write the soundtrack for an omen film . in my ignorance i thought this was new band but i believe they have <NUM> to <NUM> releases before this one . after hearing `` pestapokalysevi '' i would definitely pick up some of there other records . my suggestion to anyone who is into death and black metal to pick this one up , belphegor are a great combination of the two styles of extreme metal . some of the highlight tracks in my opinion are `` hell 's amassador '' , `` pest teufel apocalypse '' and `` seyn todt in schwartz '' . this is must for any extreme metal head . a brutal hidden treasure of <NUM> .
i really enjoyed this dvd-and all of the combos were doable with great breakdowns . the instructor actually starts with the left foot , so you can follow her mirror image . i teach dance and will definately use a lot of these moves . and , you will work up a sweat , if you want more just do jumping jacks or run when they march . enjoy
when will elfman get his due credit . the man is one of the most versitile composers of his day , and has not been awarded a thing . personally i think that nightmare before christmas was his best . but corpse bride was fantastic . he know how to fit into burton 's visions perfectly
this is a very well researched book . the author has taken great pains to measure and analyze vermeer 's paintings , finding a striking feature that many of them , when back-projected through the perspective view point at the size of the painting , imply a consistent location of a back wall to the common room used in the pictures . the author asserts that the only reasonable explanation for this coincidence is that vermeer used a camera obscura for at least some of the layout of his paintings . this comes off as very plausible , though the analysis is limited to paintings that include a tiled floor . it would have been interesting to see this work extended through photogrammetry of objects of known sizes in the paintings ( chairs , musical instruments , etc ) and applied to more of the paintings . i think the only real failing in the argument is that vermeer could have could have had the skill to paint perspective of this quality , and therefore not needed the aid of a camera . as pointed out in the text , he was not bound to perfect accuracy ; there are some deviations
soft machines 's `` fifth '' ( also known as `` <NUM> '' ) finally get the 24-bit remastering ( from original tapes ) that it deserves ! ! ! awesome full-detailed sound ! ! ! great booklet with photos and liner notes too ! ! ! a jazz rock classic ! ! ! great playing from hugh hopper , mike ratledge , the late elton dean , phil howard , john marshall , and roy babington ! ! ! there 's even a rare alternate take of `` all white '' included as a bonus track ! ! ! two thumbs up ! ! ! five stars ! ! ! a
excellent even more than the average dvd films success ! with miles of bonus content and footage . plus commentary and bonus features for children and the family to enjoy for all ages . if i was to give a chritsmas gift this would be one to remember
after a one-film hiatus spectre returns . so has sean connery as he was finally groomed to perfection as the definitive screen incarnation of james bond in goldfinger . terence young is also back as director . however , he seems to have been influenced over the fine-tuning that guy hamilton brought to the main character and overall tone of goldfinger . due to that film 's success young seems to be floundering here being diverted from his vision of the character that he helped bring to the screen . young is <NUM> degrees from being the auteur he envisioned himself to be . the film seems loosely constructed and leisurely acted . adolfo celi as emilio largo looks the part but he never seems a real threat to bond . in fact he seems to lose every encounter with bond whether it be at the gambling tables or engaging in idle banter on the merits of women vs. guns . bond outdoes him in skeet shooting without even looking at the target . what makes the film very memorable is john barry 's rich score and lamar boren 's beautiful and colorful underwater photography . the two went hand in hand . i also thought the villains ' plot to hijack a vulcan jet was extremely well filmed and executed . this film has a very british feel to as it should have . this film has always been a favourite with diving and snorkeling enthusiasts . i met a very young couple this summer at the beach club . i happened to mention james bond . these two half my age immediately said , `` thunderball ! '' do you like `` thunderball ? '' i replied , `` absolutely . and by the way i see you are drinking red stripe beer . did you know that when bond tosses quarrel into those corrugated cartons in dr. no those are cases of red stripe beer ? '' and so i met some new bond fans . as for the dvd , i liked the fact that they re-mastered the film in stereo , but it somehow is too overbearing in spots . i also liked the end titles on the british version much better with the original music that barry had scored for this sequence . all that being said , i still always liked this film .
this is my first donell jones ' cd , and i can truly say this is by far perhaps the best cd i 've heard in several years by any artist . the tracks from start to finish are great , and i found myself listening to the cd all day the first time i played it . what prompted me to buy the cd was the song i 'm gon na be which i hear more on my satellite radio stations than i have locally here in michigan . and because of the quality of music , i very rarely buy cd 's anymore , however , after hearing i 'm gon na be , i was telling a friend how much i liked that song and my friend happened to have the cd and only after listening to maybe <NUM> or <NUM> other tracks , i knew i would n't be disappointed . i love this cd - great job , donell ! ! ! what i am disappointed in is the lack of promotion for this cd . it just burns me up when there are some non-mainstream artists with a great product and for whatever ( dumb ) reason , the marketing depts . of the record companies that do n't actively promote artists such as donell jones who have quality products . there is n't even a video out , which in this day and age , an artist must have a video to further promote their product ( s ) . so shame on jive records ( and all the other record companies ) who do n't actively and aggressively promote cd 's with the quality that this one exhibits . i recommend this cd to anyone who can appreciate good quality r & b - both youngheads and oldheads ( i 'm an old head in my mid-40 's ) . i have been doing my own promotion for this cd and will contact my local radio stations to ask that they include i 'm gon na be in their rotation .
wilder than louise armstrong of the hot <NUM> 's , more adventurous than miles davis in agartha , more rock than the millions and millions of american garage bands since 1960. i was there . this is it
some may feel that the ability to be a smart decision maker and one who resolves their personal matters in wise ways is something innate to the being . david a. welch 's guide explores the procedural manner in which one can learn to become a more effective decision maker for both large and small dilemmas in both personal and professional situations . welch has authored several books examining war and the cuban missile crisis and is an associate professor of political science at the university of toronto . in the first chapter of the book , he looks at the ideal situation for decision-making and discusses the constraints that effect our decision making in the real world using everyday examples . welch breaks down the steps to effective decision making into nine steps . in the second chapter , welch explores many different types of decision-making situations and the different strategies that could be used depending on what type of decision is being made . in chapter three , welch decisions that can be quantified such as any decisions that involve money . in chapter four , welch discusses the effects of people 's emotions , judgments , and perceptions on their decision making process and the importance of being aware of these personal biases when making a decision . chapter five is devoted to philosophical issues and moral decision-making . in chapter six , welch explores the belief that decision-making styles of women and men differ specific to their gender . finally , the book discusses habits and the importance of developing a strong decision making style in order to overcome an ineffective decision-making style . this book was extremely informative and used many everyday scenarios that made the reading applicable to business people as well as household decision makers . in his approach to decision making , the one who analyzes and presents options for resolving the problem situations is also the decision maker . therefore , it is important to acknowledge personal biases , gender issues , and moral issues , which do affect the decision-making process as well as the decision that is made
ignore the * other * reveiwers who says that this movie sucks . they 're wrong ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is a beautiful , suspenseful movie that brought tears to my eyes and made me cry . the action kept me on the edge of my seat . and , there were surprises ! this is the best pokemon movie ever , regardless of what the other reviwers say . though , i do n't know why they released this one and the second movie in theaters , instead of the rest . buy this movie , you wo n't regret it ! unlike most viewers you say , `` pokemon sucks '' , `` the pokemon craze is over '' , `` pokemon is getting old '' , you 're wrong ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this is the best real punk band . they are hardcore . ilove them and they can be compared with the casualties and the exploite
this movie was very good . voice talent was great , animation was great as well . i like the moral of the story-keep believing in yourself even when no one else will . great family movie . also recommended : robots and any disney pixar film
the harts , max and freeway made this one of the best series from the past.the chemistry between wagner and powers exploded on the screen.a modern day version of the thin man series of yester year , with william powell and merna loy.they solved mysteries together getting tangeled up in all the plots and trying to get untangeled.not without the help of max , who was a character actor from the thirties and fortys and also acted with shirley temple . can not wait for the third season dvd
buddy guy is the definiition of the blues . this album is a collection of the chess recording years and is one of those albums i can put on and let run straight through . the first song on the album & quot ; worried mind & quot ; is a great lesson in & quot ; less is more & quot ; guitar soloing . & quot ; i found a true love is buttery smooth and & quot ; leave my little girl alone & quot ; is a blues classic . if your not convinced that this is a great album just remember that stevie ray vaughn and eric clapton considered buddy one of their biggest influences
alan shepard was the first american man in space - this occured on may 5th , <NUM> with john f. kennedy in office . i find it amazing that it took <NUM> long years to finally get some semblence of the affair in writing . well , like the old saying goes - better late than never . author , neal thompson did an excellent job of explaining the growing up years of one of the most famous aviators in the world , alan b. shepard . he was courageous enough to print the truth about the man who was supremely confident in his physical as well as intellectual abilities . but all great men have their downfalls , as is well-documented in this book . the first man in space may have only been up there for <NUM> minutes , but it was this brief shining moment of accurate performing that launched the legend that is alan shepard . he conquered meniere 's disease by having to first conquer and overcome his ( bogus ) christian science faith - - - and - - - no surprise , he was cured under the famous healing hand of dr. house in los angeles . i was intrigued to discover he almost commanded apollo <NUM> , but was reassigned to the next mission instead , due to preparation contingencies . this decision saved shepard the near-disasterous mission that we know occured on apollo <NUM> - what a close call ! shepard always did display this lucky streak that never stopped . he also might have been up on apollo <NUM> - but his ear problem started around that time and he was grounded . it 's as if a higher power was looking out for him and doing creative things to keep shepard alive and well . his ride was on apollo <NUM> ; he was the commander and he did another perfect job , what else is new ? what else did we expect from alan shepard ? his wife , louise stood by his side , in good times and in bad for <NUM> years - she had a lot of competition out there with the rocket groupies . not to mention the stress of living with a high risk occupation . but he always managed to call her at 5:00pm most nights , except for those times he was staying at the apollo motel # <NUM> . this book was so interesting and mesmerizing - i read it non-stop for <NUM> days ..... all <NUM> pages of it . i could not put it down - i even drug it to work with me today . there are some nice photographs in there , but i would like to see about <NUM> more of the life and times of alan shepard . some people are born to live lives of extreme risk , challenge and unbelievable success ..... and the rest of us can only imagine what it must have felt like to be in their shoes . shepard 's life was very exciting indeed , and i wonder why on earth did it take <NUM> years for this wonderful book to be published ? the truth may be a painful and bitter thing to taste , but it 's the way things panned out in real life . they had a huge ego and they stroked that ego one times too many . why do risk takers take so many risks ? well , i suppose it comes with the territory of being a risk taker in the first place . today -- -all of our famous apollo astronaughts are aging ; many have passed on to the big rocket ship in the sky , so reading about these incredible men and the incredible lives they lived is a real treat for all persons who wonder about such immense challenges . it is my sincere hope that all of them have books published about their biographies ... they have lived and dared to fulfill outrageous dreams . they are what make this country great in the eyes of the universe . before long , the apollo moon walkers will be gone from the face of this beautiful blue earth . we need to know them - at least by biographies - we need to hear thier stories and understand their feelings before their ultimate count-down to zero is counted . please read this book ! it 's an excellent book ! it 's the year <NUM> and i can now say i know alot more about this man that held the facination of millions ..... alan shepard - he was a great man who did great things , and lived life to the fullest possible
before south park came on the air and offended practically everybody with cripple fights to cooking parents in chili to saying the s word a record <NUM> times , there was beavis and butthead . found on mtv , the pair were crude and just plain moronic who laughed at even the mention of dirty words bringing out the popular catchphrase `` uh-huh , you said `` . after the show ended , the pair got their own movie and became a surprise hit so who would 've guessed that it 's actually still funny ? beavis and butthead are sleeping on their trademark couch which allows a pair of robbers to steal their prized tv . not wanting to just allow it , they go hunting for it and end up meeting muddy , a biker who will pay them to `` do '' his wife , which of course he means kill but they did n't get that part . so he flies them to vegas to meet her only she sends them to washington with something particularly interesting and quite dangerous . and of course the hilarity and antics ensue . now , the humor seems kind of tame . buzzards having sex with each other or a topless sphinx probably does n't have that kneeslapper kick to it like it used to . not that i mind anyway since even if certain jokes do n't work , the whole thing has a very loose and laid-back feeling about it where it does n't even matter if you 're not laughing , you 're just glad they 're up there . some jokes , such as the preposition one , beavis ' alter-ego cornholio are always funny , not to mention robert stack 's atf character 's love for cavity searches . does it have some problems ? a bit . the reliance on toilet humor can only go so far and you kind of wanted them to do more america rather than the limited ones we have here . we literally skip over certain states that could 've got some good mileage . and while visually impressive , the rob zombie inspired freak-out in the desert just does n't fit ( and to be honest : anything involving rob zombie and filmmaking just does n't work ) . but they 're only minor concerns and of course this is a mtv movie - a beavis and butthead one nonetheless - so all that stuff gets thrown out the window . the special features are pretty good but you kind of wish there was more . we have a commentary with mike judge and yvette kaplan with mike slipping into character a couple times ( not often enough but the mention of his dream involving the movie is hilarious ) . the featurette is slightly disappointing as while we do get some background and discussion , some of it is either redundant and back-patting or mentioned already in the commentary . but seeing some footage of the va 's , including mike judge doing beavis , butthead and mr. anderson are always awesome . if you were into the show , this is of course a good place to start . if you were n't , give it a try since this is probably the best launch pad to get into the show
after leaving the police in <NUM> , sting launched a hugely successful solo career , garnering top selling albums and a string of top forty hits . in <NUM> , a & m released `` fields of gold : the best of sting 1984-1994 '' , a <NUM> song collection containing almost all of sting 's hits up to that time as well as some new recordings . well , <NUM> years has passed since its release , and sting has made some new recordings . so the question is , how does `` fields of gold '' hold up ? here are the positives and the negatives . positives : -if you 're a casual fan only interested in having sting 's radio hits , than this collection is for you , as it includes `` if you love somebody ( set them free ) '' , `` fortress around your heart '' , `` be still my beating heart '' , `` russians '' , `` we 'll be together '' , `` all this time '' , `` if i ever lose my faith in you '' and `` fields of gold '' . so basically , all the hits you could possibly want are here . -the sound is great . -it is a very afforable and easy to find compilation . -it includes some songs recorded for the album that are only available here . they 're all good songs , especially the hit single `` when we dance '' . negatives : -this collection is missing a top twenty hit : `` love is the seventh wave '' reached number <NUM> in <NUM> . that 's my main caveat . - '' mad about you '' was never a single ( at least in the u.s. ) but received a lot of airplay , enough to warrant inclusion on this cd . -some of these songs are remixes . however , they work , though i prefer the original version of `` we 'll be together '' . -no liner notes . -as i said , this collection is leaving out later hits like `` i 'm so happy i ca n't stop crying '' , `` brand new day '' and the top twenty hit `` desert rose '' . so if you want to get those songs , you 'll have to get the albums they 're on . overall , `` fields of gold '' holds up very well . it is completely unneccessary for hardcore sting fans ( unless they 're completists ) , but if you 're a casual fan , than you must own this collection
kill bill - volume <NUM> ( umd mini for psp ) greta movie for the ps
greene has clearly drawn out the ways of the seducer . most of the men and women in here are naturals at seduction and are not consciously doing the principles taught . but those that tend to mess up their seductions can learn quite a few things from these people . with everything i teach at my site the seduction bible , i still believe that this book is excellent for those looking to score that one special girl . those wanting to learn how to go out to a bar to pick up a woman are better off on sites like mine . but this book deserves <NUM> stars
this movie has depictured afterlife in a realistic way , it was very helpful for me since i was looking for a movie to watch and relax when my father passed away , i felt very relaxed specialy in the first half of the filmwhen it was about r.williams ' being transfered and living in other dimension
* * i tried to make as little known about plot lines ; i will try to be as vague about this film as possible . * * night of the hunter is one of those rare films that has n't won any awards and simply got stored as a film that does n't seem to get much play on television . yet , noh passes the test of time in such formidable ways . the storyline and believability of the plot and characters remains strong , as does the top-notch cinematography . film buffs , photography students , and all those who are fans of camera work , please , do yourself a favor ; purchase this film , pop some popcorn and then pop the flick in your player , and prepare yourself to be mesmerized by <NUM> minutes of a film gem . the scenes get better and better as the movie rolls on , and by the time rachel cooper ( lillian gish ) makes her grand entrance towards the end of the film , you 'll probably have already grabbed your handkerchief or shirt sleeve to wipe away the tears , several times over . how can i impart to film buffs and those who enjoy `` eye candy , '' to please become an owner of this treasure ? noh is rarely spoken of when it comes to must-haves in feature movies . when you see the list of talent , it seems like a quiet film that made its debut in the <NUM> 's , not produced to try for blockbuster status . and people did n't recognize the film then , except perhaps that they did n't embrace its style . it 's been over half a century since , and noh is an opportunity for you to turn off your cellphone and let yourself journey with john ( billy chapin ) and pearl harper ( sally jane bruce ) as they depend on each other to survive what happens within their family . by the time miss rachel appears , you simply want to cry on her shoulders yourself . ms. gish commanded the performance , and seemed to be the only one ( along with john ) who had any real common sense to understand the unfolding situations . fortunately , most of the film seemed to take place in the night , and stanley cortez took control of his shots and of the lighting in such extraordinary ways . * * slight spoiler info , very slight * * one scene worth a note : look past the `` spider 's web '' and the other things during the boat ride ; put yourself in the mind of a child , and watch them from that kind of perspective , to understand and appreciate these scenes . at first , i was put off by the perspective of some things , but now , i thoroughly enjoy this passage . * * end spoils * * the interesting thing i observed about noh is that especially now , this kind of unfolding drama could happen in real life . nothing in it is beyond reasonable . and that 's the chilling thought that coursed through my mind after watching it again . imagine the point of first contact between john and the preacher . the style of filming is so deep-thought . i also found that cortez was a photographer , and each scene he composed shows that very foundation . after you watch noh , place it in an easy-to-get location , because you 'll want to watch it again and again . if not for the gorgeously-thought out settings , for perhaps the excellent songs contained within the film . * * some more spoils , about scenes * * my favorites : john 's first knowledge of harry powell when telling a story to pearl harry powell with willa harper in the bedroom willa harper 's river scene the complete dark passage on the river scene after scene is incredible . you could grab still frames from these and make a beautiful photo album . someone once wrote that it may have been easier to shoot such scenes with black and white film . well .... look at the b/w films that have been shot through the decades . rare are films in which the cinematographer truly displays all of their inner talents . it is simply masterful .
why am i only finding out now that there was a film of ` slaughterhouse five ' ? the advent of dvd has brought back some great films that have been lost or forgotten . everywhere i go i 'm told that ` slaughterhouse five ' was the greatest book ever written . but i 've never gotten around to reading it . the film leaves no doubt that in print or on film this is one of the greatest stories ever told . the plot : this is what i 've always asked . `` what is this great story ` slaughterhouse five ' about ? '' now that i know i can see why all my friends were at a loss to explain it . the story does not sound intriguing in theory but is great in practice . ` slaughterhouse five ' is about a man billie pilgrim who is `` lost in time '' that is , every <NUM> seconds he jumps forward or backward to a different time in his life . somewhat similar to ` memento ' except it was <NUM> minutes and he was always going backwards . billie pilgrim 's life has three main settings . he was drafted into wwii and taken prisoner at the battle of the bulge . as a pow he is taken to dresden and survives the single worst massacre of wwii . in the 1950s he experiences suburban life as a father . and in his later years he is abducted by aliens and enslaved with a topless movie star to reproduce . see what i mean , these are three very odd stories that should n't work together . there is the very serious issue of dresden , the `` open city '' in germany with no armed forces or war production which was inhabited by european refugees hoping to wait out the war in peace . but on february <NUM> <NUM> the allies decided to destroy german moral by ordering hundreds of british and american bombers to fire bomb the city . on february <NUM> they returned , and on the 16th they sent in american fighters to machine gun as many survivors as possible . 135,000 civilians died , more than hiroshima or nagasaki . a rather serious issue for a sci-fi film . why is billie lost in time ? we never know but suspect it may be because he 's abducted by aliens where he says time does not exist . or it may be that after a plane crash he has brain surgery . billie is a likeable character because he does n't really say or do anything on his own . billie does not shape events , events shape him . he did n't go to dresden because he wanted to , he gets married and works only because that is what 's expected of him . and the aliens abduct him . billie is not so much an actor as he is an observer . and his loss of time is just like everyone else . one moment i 'm writing this review and the next i 'm back to last night watching this film . our minds jump to different times in our lives . as for the production quality of this film , it 's great . the wwii scenes are very authentic and high budget . the acting is good although there are no notable actors . billie is played by michael sacks whose filmography is thin and unotable . i only remember him as the hostage cop in ` sugarland express ' . the topless actress is played by valerie perrine who you may remember as lex luther 's girlfriend in the ` superman ' films . ` slaughterhouse five ' may sound as bizarre as its title named after billie 's pow barracks , but it 's a very powerful story that will make you laugh , cry , and smile . i ca n't believe a film buff like me did n't know about . it just shows you how many lost gems are being found on dvd .
this books is a must have for james bond fans . dileo captures the essence of the james bond films
this is really a one of a kind movie . creepy atmosphere abounds in this carnival freak show setting , the use of real `` freaks '' adds greatly to this bizarre tale of revenge . the dvd transfer is very good and a worthy purchase .
incredibly well directed , put us into a wonderful world of dreamlike desires , anguishes and hopes . fellini 's movies always talk the language of the unconscious mind
this is one of the most beautiful films i 've ever seen . everything about this film says `` beauty '' . from the beautiful storyline to beautiful scenery this film tugs at your heartstrings . mary steenburgen is perfect ( and yes beautiful ! ) as marjorie rawlings who seeks to discover her true calling in the florida backwoods . the music is .... well beautiful . i wish a soundtrack was available for this film , as i would buy it in a second . by the way , this film received a <NUM> minute standing ovation at sundance . why ? because it delivers the goods . if you are looking for a film to `` fill your heart '' , you found it . watch and enjoy . i hope i run into mary steenburgen one day ( quite possible here in l.a. ) as i want to tell her how great and beautiful she was in this film ( it 's important that she know ! ! ! )
i first watched friday on vh1 and on comedy central , both however were edited , the dvd allowed me to see more of the movie , i recommend it to anyone looking for an entertaining movie
the book moves , is enlightening , funny , and educational . if you have ever walked in the woods , it might not look the same again
this was released `` way back '' in <NUM> , so i was not sure what i would find . anyways , i was pleasantly surprised and out of the <NUM> songs , there were <NUM> that i gave <NUM> stars and downloaded to my mp3 player . that 's a pretty good average for a single cd ! many of the selections were unique in that they were not `` new '' versions of old songs .
this recording of messiah is an attempt at using period instruments ( either authentic or replicas from the baroque period ) and performing it in the correct manner of `` baroque performance '' ( at least as best as we can know ) . clearly there are many difficulties in trying to accurately pull this off , but the result does seem to be very baroque . reviewers have two main objections , which the prospective listener should keep in mind . many messiah fans are used to `` un-baroque '' performances of messiah -- a 100+ member chorus singing with a full tone , a large orchestra , large dynamic contrasts , and slower tempos . when people accustomed to such performances hear hogwood 's recording , it is often labeled as `` dry , '' `` unemotional , '' or `` light . '' other reviewers object to the quality of the performance itself . i think that the soloists could do a better job . the bass is strong , but he could be better , and i think there should be more ornamentation overall . i personally like the sound of boys singing instead of adult women in the choir , but others may differ . other baroque recordings such as gardiner , mcgegan , or harnoncourt are also good period recordings . if you want more traditional interpretations , take a look at thomas beecham 's or robert shaw 's recordings . if you 're looking for a complete , scholarly interpretation , however , i think this is a great recording . oh , and the accompanying booklet is great , too -- very thorough .
i 've had this movie since it was first released and yes i laughed at various parts of the movie when the cgi just was so painfully obvious bad . and yes i could rip the movie apart just like you can rip any big budget hollywood production apart , but here was a movie that did their best to stay true to well 's story . if you are a lover of the book then i believe this is a must see movie , now if you can get over the movies flaws and enjoy it 's content .... that i leave to you and i relly hope you can cuase they get an a for effort from me .
we got this book last year at christmas , and it has some great ideas for & quot ; spontaneous ' games that you can play with the kids while traveling . whether you are going by car , plane or train , the kids frequently get antsy or bored . there are many games that take no planning , and use common things around you , to entertain , get silly , and just enjoy
i think i 've now bought <NUM> copies of this book , for my own library , to lend to people who are interested and might benefit , and to give as empathy gifts to friends and relatives entering hospice , or their grieving families after a loved one 's death . i have stage iv - advanced , terminal or incurable ( take your pick ) breast cancer . i 've been in treatment , continually adjusting as best as i can to new treatments , new worries and new symptoms , trying to preserve as good a quality of life as possible along the way . meanwhile , final gifts has helped me accept and move towards the idea of quality of death being an important event for me and those i love . once i give up treatment , or treatment fails me ( whichever comes first ) , i 've arranged for a local hospice organization to help my husband and i cope , at home . having read final gifts , it was easier for me to go ahead with planning my graveside funeral according to my culture and preferences , to hire a local stone cutter to design my headstone together - he has since completed it , other than the date of death , so it will be ready to mark my gravesite a week after i 'm buried , and even to write my own obituary ( to the extent that i know the information ) . all this is done , a relief - even a pleasure , to have had a say beforehand , and final gifts , which i and then my husband read over a year ago , provided the impetus , and the hope for a death with dignity and beauty
this cd has some favorite tracks you 've heard before , and some tracks that only appeared on singles . the versions of songs from do or die are n't as good as the originals from do or die , but some of the new songs ( front seat , guns of brixton ) are great additions to any fan 's catalog . also , the live songs are pretty decent . pick this album up only if you have their other cds
professor swain wrote an incredible account of both black and white representatives of african-americans ( both minority and majority districts ) in the us congress . she examines the history of blacks in congress , the definition of & quot ; black interests , & quot ; and the difference between black descriptive and substantive representation . the book was originally written between the <NUM> general election and the <NUM> presidential election . although this may seem to make the book out of date , dr. swain updated her manuscript with an addendum to the first edition . this chapter covers the republican sweep of the <NUM> general election and discusses its consequences to black descriptive and substantive representation . 'black faces , black interests ' can be highly relevent to the historically minded , as the facts of the past shape the future . in this end , the author can have the most impact by educating readers , thus possibly touching the future representatives of african-americans
i 've been a randy newman fan `` ever since there wuz no randy newman , '' and so picture my delight when my very own kids bought me this boxed bonanza for christmas ( so i would n't have to ) . randy newman on the stereo on christmas morning is about as newmanesque a way to disturb the warmth of home and hearth as you can imagine . at one time or another i 've owned every newman album ever recorded , so i needed this collection like another hole in the head , but i have to recommend it as much for the surprisingly revealing biographical data as for the song selections . there are surprises here for even an old newman trivialist like myself , and it was a relief to read of randy 's hardships as well as successes , since the dark side of this dark soul has too often been danced around in past articles and interviews . we learn that randy 's father , irving newman , md , was an overbearing and cantankerous coot not above slugging it out with perfect strangers on public highways . we learn that the distracting eye condition randy was born with , and the failed surgical attempt to correct it , may have helped to mold not only newman 's unique world view , but his discomfort with public attention . interviewers ( myself included ) have generally conceded that `` randy newman just ca n't look you in the eye , '' but then , why should he when he has such a gift for cutting straight to the heart with his nostalgic sentiments and shark-attack wit . of the many selections in this package , my standouts are his <NUM> demo golden gridiron boy , a delight to hear at long last since throughout newman 's career it has appeared as nothing more than a musical history anecdote . turns out it is a quite competent version of that idiotic pop sub-genre of the '50s and early '60s when unrequited love burned teenybopping hearts alive to the accompanyment of snickering female vocal backups . then comes jesus in the summertime , the highly unlikely mock spirtual that has the distinction of having been so offensive to so many ears that a session musician actually walked out of the studio rather than play on it . now that 's chutzpah ! personally , i like it , and find nothing offensive about it , other than the fact that it has the name jesus in the title . finally , there 's laugh and be happy , an unfortunately incomplete demo that features newman at his tin-pan-alley best , with a catchy ragtime riff and a delightfully mocking lyric . this number is for my money one of the best tracks ever laid down by one of our most consistently rewarding , if challenging , singer-songwriters . thanks for the memories , randy !
linda rondstat has shown us once again what real popular music is all about . the songs on this cd have great melodies , lyrics , & production value . thanks linda . we who appreciate the standards owe you a large debt of gratitude
this is a great sampling . i am a hotel concierge and i 'm always looking for new/overlooked places to impress the guest who thinks he 's done it all . this book has great listings , but does n't give enough of them . i know things change around here , so keeping up is n't easy . i would like more options per neighborhood
a color of his own is a delightful book , not only for young children but for adults as well . the little chameleon notices that all the other animals have their own color , but he changes colors depending on his enviroment . he struggles with wanting to be like everybody else and he eventually finds a friend ( another chameleon ) to be his buddy and go everywhere with him . the colors of the illustrations are vibrant and the text is engaging to the reader . a joy to read
watching fred over the years has brought me alot of respect for the game . this book brings me more respect for him as a person . we all wonder what it takes to be a superstar , this book details that very thing . i am proud to see a writer who can step inside and describe a person like kathlene bissle did . fred touches so many people in our precious game of golf . we fred thank you and your author for allowing us to step inside of your life an explore
so you wan na have music on that provides some real audio comfort , music that has some very cool rhythms , music that is well-orchestrated and textured , well search no more for plush delivers on all levels , it is a lovely mix of music in the so-called `` downtempo '' vein but it is really above and beyond just the latest kind of thing , instead it is a combination of some very sexy music that exemplifies the best in current trends in music ! i found it to be wonderful for playtime and my lover agreed with some stunning sonic cues to me as the disc unwound the first time we had it on as we got it on ! it is certainly a great disc for the romantically inclined although it is good enough to be just darn good without having to occupy anything specific by way of description since it rolls easily all the way from the very cool to the beautifully hot . i could wax on about my fave tracks but i actually love them all , it is a well put together set and has that magical sort of flow from track to track . you should try it on for love , do n't even say a word to your sweetie , just put forward your best kiss and let the disc play , plush indeed
this is an unbelievably great edition of the canterbury tales . all i wanted was the original , complete version with definitions for archaic words . but the penguin classics edition was all i could find , so i got it . it comes with over <NUM> pages of extras ! ! ! super-detailed notes , a great glossary , and lots on chaucer , his times , literary genres , etc. , etc . multiple interpretations are given for parts scholars do n't agree on . i ca n't believe i paid $ <NUM> for the riverside chaucer in college ! ... which i later sold back for much less . this edition blew me away , and it 's relatively cheap . if you have n't read chaucer and want to read him in old english , it 's tough at first , but it gets easier with practice . there are long tales , short tales , noble tales , bawdy tales , etc . if you just want to read a few , there are cheaper paperbacks with just a few . if you want the complete tales but not the essays and things , they exist , but they 're more expensive than this edition
i first saw this movie on a flight to dallas airport . the entire plane was laughing so hard the flight attendants had to stop serving .
this may not be my favorite movie ever , but if its not then my favorite is no better . this film is beautiful , not only in its comedy but in its truthful tone hidden beneath the slight absurdity . i really ca n't say anything other than if you like wes anderson films , or anything even loosly associated with it then go now and watch it twice
stealing for a living is much than a mystery . the character at the center of the story is razor-sharp and a compelling narrator . great ideas throughout , and a great plot , too
an excellent compilation of the darker side of classical music , although i would have preferred a different rendition of toccata and fugue in d ( new york philharmonic perhaps ) , it 's still quite good . but how could the series producer leave off ravel 's pavane for a dead princess ? it 's preferable to symphonie fantastique - march to the scaffold , plus berlioz already makes an appearance with dream of a witches ' sabbath . if there was room , verdi 's requiem would have been a nice addition too . so i have to go with <NUM> stars only
what more can i add ? cecilia bartoli just `` does it '' for me almost every time . she is just fantastic in my books . i love her dearly . she can give one an adrenalin rush with her bravura singing and then break one 's heart with her pathos . this is a superb collection of baroque arias from `` almost '' operas ! ; - ) ) i also liked the cheeky and none-too-subtle references to la dolce vita on cover and the images inside the disc . nice to see an opera singer with a playful sense of humour ! i am listening to this disc as i write this review and all i can say is that i love this disc and it is clearly one of the best signorina bartoli has released , although i like all of her recordings . listen to track <NUM> and you will buy this disc . more , please ! ps : how about decca getting cecilia bartoli and andreas scholl together for a musical project ? i 'd love to see two of my favourite singers together on the one disc . psps : if you like opera proibita , buy andreas scholl 's arcadia and arias for senesino , too !
a serial killer 's pedophilia leads him to disguise cop-suicides as murders and to toy with the investigators who unexpectedly begin to put together the pieces of his bizarre crime . connelly alternates between the first-person perspective of the reporter who first suspects that all is not as it seems and the point of view of the murderer . too much description of the plot will give away its many surprises , which come together in the ingenious final pages of the novel . suffice it to say that the book offers a potent mix of ingredients that will keep most any reader going : love , sex , death , envy , personal ambition . all of the things that connelly does well come together in `` the poet '' : his ability to craft a complicated plot that nonetheless fits together like clockwork , to build a mood , set a scene , put together a tight workmanlike sentence . best of all , the book displays his trademark noir hero whose own darkly human qualities make him the right man to locate the monster-killer whose trail he follows here . it 's just perfect for the story that jack mcevoy , the protagonist , is a reporter who stands to benefit from uncovering the crime , and that it 's his own good twin who was the original murder victim . as almost every other reviewer here has mentioned , this book is a class-1 page-turner . i read it in a day while on vacation , never slowing down except to eat . what fun ! it 's also kind of a kick to see how far we have come in the past ten years from the `` cutting-edge '' technology that helps investigators solve the crime here ( the book was published in <NUM> ) . despite the laptops that mcavoy and others lug around , jack has to read edgar allan poe 's entire corpus during one sleepless night in order to identify the quotations the killer leaves as clues . today , of course , a `` google '' search would do the trick in about ten seconds
the old bromide said it all ... on a good night , there really was `` nothing like a grateful dead concert , '' and that held true for both their acoustic and electric sets . reckoning captures some of the best moments of their <NUM> radio city music hall and san francisco acoustic sets , and they 've put several winners on here . `` china doll , '' `` to lay me down , '' `` bird song , '' `` cassidy '' and `` ripple '' are particularly outstanding , but except for a somewhat dirge-like `` it must have been the roses '' ( c'mon , jerry , pick up the tempo ! ) , everything here shows these ol ' reliables at their unplugged best . what else is there to say ? the grateful dead may be gone , but the music is as present -- -and as timeless -- -as ever . some of the best of it can be found here
i bought this for my daughter who wants to go into forensics & she said she ca n't put it down ! ! ! she really likes it & it gets into the very things she wants to study about
george bernard shaw was simply ingenious when he wrote pygmalion , and when the story was brought to the silver screen it did shaw justice . pygmalion is a socioeconomic drama where the distinguished dr. higgins ( leslie howard ) takes the a flower girl eliza doolittle ( wendy hiller ) under his wing in order to set a bet with colonel george pickering ( scott sunderland ) . the bet consists of transforming the poor flower girl into a lady of class , but this also means changing eliza 's manner of speaking . asquith and howard illustrate several different topics such as tolerance and understanding using a familiar approach that the audience can recognize as eliza undergoes the change . in the end , pygmalion offers an exceptional cinematic experience
this duo led by jack black is flipping sweet ! jack 's sax-a-boom absolutely rips the audience into shreds . this is fun music . ( not for the kids ' ears , per se , but if they 're teens i 'll bet they 've already borrowed the album from a friend that has older siblings that grow weed and otherwise contribute to your kids ' delinquency . buy this so when you catch them listening to the album you can both sit down together and really bond over some cool tunes .
a recording that will stand the test of time and serve as a reminder of just what a genius schenker is with a gibson flying v. a lot of my friends listened to this cd for the first time and simply said ; `` holy smokes ! where did he come from ? '' i then tell them he recorded this <NUM> years ago and was way younger than most of them . they were all utterly speechless and now are fans . what a great solo effort and schenker came out of the gates with guns ablazing . incredible material , song writing , production and performance by all band members . simon phillips is a very talented drummer and lays down some serious tracks . highlight of this cd is the solo at the end of `` lost horizons '' , that is mind boggling guitar work that is beyond replication . this is a staple for anyone who follows extreme guitar talent and has an appreciation for master guitar work that will live on as long as music is played . awesome !
along with the one song i 've been looking for , this has a lot of great songs
i 'd seen this film before , in a lesser unrestored edition , and was n't that impressed . sure there 's some over-the-top moments worth a chuckle or two , but the majority of the film is pretty leaden and dull . hardly the unintentional laugh riot it 's reputed to be . thanks to mike nelson 's biting commentary , however , now the film really is funny . damn funny . which is why i demand we pass legislation , the sooner the better , requiring mike nelson commentaries on every major dvd release from here on out . he may be hollywood 's last best hope , the only man who can save excrement like mission impossible <NUM> and lady in the water from heading straight to the bargain racks . ( okay , maybe i 'm overrating mike 's abilities just a bit - nothing short of an old testament-style miracle could scrape the stink off of lady in the water - but if lucas gave him a crack at episodes 1-3 , i think we 'd be looking at pure marketing gold . c'mon lucas , you know you ca n't resist any excuse to re-release yet another dvd version of your little sci-fi sextology . give the man a call .
i purchased this book for my <NUM> year old daughter . she needed it for an assignment at school . the book was exactly what she needed . it shipped fast and is in great condition
not being an `` audiophilic '' sophisticate i can hardly delve into details of this recording 's sound reproduction , but it is not nearly as bad as to make this great performance un-listenable . quite the opposite , the peculiarities of the sound have deeper reasons behind them . bach wrote wtk for the keyboard , but in his mind he must have heard them played on a particular instrument . if gould ( whose wtk , imho , is his weakest bach recording ) plays it like a harpsichord , or schiff ( another dud ) - like fortepiano , every note of richter 's performance echoes with the sound of an organ . i am certain it was deliberate on richter 's part , and the fact that the selected venue of the recording was a church , only confirms that notion . of course , the church 's acoustics did affect the sound , but in a way that was consistent with the artist 's conception . as far as the playing itself , there is not much i can add to what has been written by the previous reviewers . book ii , which is somewhat more `` abstract '' portion of the wtk-48 , receives great treatment here , but it is richter 's performance of book i that stands like a solitary granite peak , high above the clouds , projecting mysterious and purifying force .
navin johnson is an idiot . he was adopted and raised by black sharecroppers in mississippi . navin loves his family but he feels he does n't fit in . his family all has rhythm , but he does n't . so , on his 18th birthday he leaves to discover the rest of the world . after hitching a few rides he ends up in st. louis working and living at a gas station . my favorite scene in the entire movie happens there . the new phone books arrive and navin gets all excited . `` this is the kind of spontaneous publicity -- your name in print -- that makes people . i 'm in print ! things are going to start happening to me now . '' that scene is priceless . while at the gas station navin invents a device for a man 's glasses that later makes navin a billionaire . but , before that happens he gets shot at by a crazy sharpshooter , gets a job at a traveling carnival , meets a biker chick , breaks up with the biker chick , and fall in love and marry the woman of his dreams , marie kimble ( bernadette peters ) . of course , navin ends up loosing everything and that 's why he 's a jerk . the jerk was n't steve martin 's first movie , but it was his first starring role in a feature film and introduced the style of comedy he was doing on the comedy circuit to a broader audience . the movie is filled with all kinds of jokes from witty one-liners , poop jokes , sexual innuendo , slapstick , and a lot of crazy nonsense . there were moments of the jerk that i really enjoyed , but there was a lot of stuff that was just plain stupid . of course , there 's a lot of material in the film that no one would be able to get away with today . steve martin always was more than just a `` wild and crazy guy . '' he 's an intellectual at heart and one can see snippets of that side of martin in the jerk . unfortunately , it 's overshadowed by the type of comedy martin was doing on the comedy circuit that appealed mainly to teenagers and college students . actually , the reason i ended up liking the jerk was n't because of martin at all , it was because of bernadette peters . peters is one of the finest actresses of all time -- she can do serious drama or slapstick comedy and do it better than any other actress . she 's a classy lady with a broad charm . martin is the star of the jerk , but the film would not have been able to stand if it was n't for peters . the jerk is a must-see movie for martin or peters fans . it 's also a movie that people who enjoy lowbrow humor will probably like . the film 's largest audience at the time it was released was college students and teenagers . twenty-five years that core audience probably has n't changed much
i agree with the space nerds yelling `` sananaigans ! '' over the footage from different missions being put in here to look like it was all from apollo viii . it kind of makes you feel ripped off . example : the space walk footage was actually from the apollo <NUM> mission ! ... or so i 've read . also as a person who knows very little about the space program i was disappointed in the lack of fact giving narration . the footage is breathtaking and i learned a lot , but i wanted more information and i wish they had put up a disclaimer telling when there were images not from the apollo viii mission . worth watching preferably on a large high definition television .
assuming you are an investor as opposed to a trader , fisher 's book is an astoundingly important read . you will not find formulas or discounted cash flows , you read a genius 's thoughts about the truly long view
noll identifies twelve `` turning points '' in the history of christianity , times at which the faith struck off in a distinctly different direction from that which it had been traveling . he seeks to set forth the significance of each turning point and set it in its proper place in the broad sweep of history . you can not argue with his first few choices , although he seems to read more consequence into the events than may be warranted . the fall of jerusalem was indeed a watershed event , but noll sees its significance in the formation of canon , clergy , and creed . these three things formed after the fall , and would have formed quite differently but for the fall , but were not the direct result of the fall . the main significance of the fall is that it freed christianity from its status as a sect of judaism . until jerusalem fell , the premier church of christianity was the jerusalem church . the jerusalem church considered itself a sect of judaism . until the death of the jerusalem church , all christians everywhere would feel constrained to follow its lead . one must wonder whether it was the council of nicaea or the battle of the milvian bridge that was the second turning point in christian history . nevertheless , the nicene creed 's significance can not be overstated . the next turning point , the council of chalcedon , `` settled '' christ 's nature . although there is still disagreement among various christian denominations , most still adhere to the doctrine of christ hammered out at chalcedon . later `` turning points '' are more debatable . charlemagne 's coronation may or may not have laid the foundation for christendom . you could make an excellent case for the proposition that we have constantine , not charlemagne , to thank for christendom . some `` turning points '' are n't so much turning points as symptoms of greater movements within christian history . the english act of supremacy , which was basically an act of convenience for an heirless king , was more symptom than turning point , as were the french revolution and the ministry of wesley . noll makes this amply clear in the chapters devoted to those `` turning points . '' his most intriguing chapter is the last , as he maps out the survival of christianity under communist repression and the explosion of christianity in africa and south america . this last phenomenon goes far to set at naught the arguments of those who see christianity as irrelevant in the postmodern world
the acting is fine , but the story -- help ! the problem is not rickman 's or grant 's unsavory characters , but the propensity in too many small , independent british films to present lower-middle class characters as if they were slow . the message i get from all these films comes across as snobbish : that people are poor in britain because they are stupid . but stupidity by itself is n't funny anyway , although that point is lost on producers from both sides of the ocean . here , cate plays a girl who is more than young and naive as the adverts suggest ; she is a mentally handicapped and/or emotionally disturbed girl . ( the girl 's aunt and uncle are also unpleasantly slow . ) cate plays this very well , but her character becomes creepy and rather repulsive . on the other hand , rickman 's and grant 's reaction to her character is what gives this film its interest . rickman seducing cate 's underage character ( she does n't really look it ) is n't creepy at all and is the high point of the film , but maybe that 's because it 's rickman that does it . grant is excellent , playing a different role than usual , and he looks different and slightly goofy here too , a bit like terry thomas . but rickman fans will not want to miss this movie
the best psychological thriller i have seen , this movie will leave you in shock by the end . smart and cleverly written by aussie 's leigh wannell and james wan , and directed by the latter , this movie breaks down all the boundaries of on screen violence . starring wannell himself , his character adam wakes in a bathtub in a room with no lights . he calls out for help and hears a strangers voice , the lights come on revealing the two chained and shackled in a grimy , abandoned , windowless industrial bathroom . and so the game begins ... the two prisoners are victims of serial killer jigsaw , well he really is n't a serial killer as we find out . he puts his victims through a dangerous game to test their will to live , and its up to the victim if they live of die . this movie is one hell of a rollercoaster ride which will appeal to fans of both horror and psychological thrillers . it was voted one of the most scary films of all time , and while i did n't find it too scary , its the reality that these crimes could happen to anyone that is most frightening . filmed in only <NUM> days , most of it filmed in a warehouse , this is quality filmaking by a young up-and-comer . many studios knocked this back which they surely must regret as it went on to gross over <NUM> million dollars . buy it if you liked seven , kiss the girls , the bone collector and red dragon
i return to this book over and over as a reference for the design of play environments
i knew i needed a change in life and a new career . but i new it needed to be something that paid decent and would give me job security . so i bought this book , read about the different fields and then handed it over to my teenage daughter to get her thinking about her future .... this book guided me in the right direction and now i am in school and will graduate in early <NUM> . i will have job security and a decent salary until i retire . if you are interested in the medical field then this book is a great guide in helping you decide what you would like to do and how much education you need , where to go to school and what exams you must pass . great book for those looking for a career change or just thinking of trying something else in life
here is a book to hold to your heart , it is that good . and before i even get to the fun , lively and irresistible plot , let me just say that we know on page one that miss lavinia , our own low country auntie mame , has passed away . and yet at the end , when we have finished getting to know her and attend her death and funeral , i was crying like a baby . and i do n't cry at books ! ! the plot to this book is true to dotty frank 's genre : displaced low country gal comes home , gets mesmerized , and slowly regains her roots . in this case , the woman is caroline wimbley levine , married to a cold and smug psychiatrist , richard , and living in equally cold luxury in new york with their beloved son eric . when caroline hears from her brother trip that their mother , lavinia , is losing her marbles and must be put in assisted living , caroline grabs eric and goes home for what she thinks will be for a few days . and there she is caught up in the gullah magic ; the low country mystique ( in which i thoroughly believe , thanks to dotty 's wonderful books ) and a chance to become , once again , the `` real '' caroline . this might be the best of the four books dotty frank has so-far written . i can not praise it highly enough . grab it and lose yourself in a truly wonderful read
i read this book in one sitting , and when i was done i found myself going back through it again in order to digest it more completely . i really wish it had been available when i was just starting my family , but even though my kids are now older i do n't feel it 's too late . a wonderful resource for any two-parent household , full of practical advice and suggestions on how to improve the whole family 's quality of life . julie shields cuts through to the heart of many emotional , complicated parenting issues and presents solutions from a fresh , logical perspective . this is not just another book telling women how to reduce stress in their lives by making time for relaxing baths . i highly recommend it to any parent , or anyone thinking of becoming one
this book is amazing . it explains every energy principle before explaing how to use it . it gives the necessary understanding for both left brained and right brained people . personally , it gave me the missing piece about manifesting : how to eliminate the inner `` chat '' or `` noise '' that prevented me from focusing in what i wanted . it is an excellent reference bor beginners and advanced reality manifestors . it also gave me many advanced techniques for creating and manifesting thoughts in an easy to understand language but yet in a very inspiring and powerful way . i have a big pile of excelent resources on the topic , but i definetely need to give an standing ovation to `` professional dreamer '' . it is really a must . the results are astounding
i saw this show about a week ago and all i have to say is , this show is amazing . pure genius . now , the witch is one of my dream roles
dave douglas 's music is touched by genius . he seems always to be ploughing his own furrow , playing the music he wants to play and with partners of his choice . his impeccable taste and unique compostional style come from a deep understanding of jazz and contemporary music . this recording is probably my pick , but all come highly recommended . his sidemen know how to listen , the empathy is astonishing , it really is a joy to hear . i look forward to catching him on tour in england this spring
i enjoy the album still to this day . all the songs are good , but i listen a couple of songs more than others such as hold on , you do n't have to worry , do n't go . this is a great album , which i do n't planning on selling or trading anytime soon .
readers familiar with ross thomas ' work are likely to recognize a few of the characters in twilight at mac 's place from some of the author 's other novels . most notably , mac mccorkle and mike padillo , the restaurant owning duo with more than a passing knowledge of the dark arts associated with international espionage . twilight at mac 's place transpires in and around washington , dc during the month of january , <NUM> . george h.w . bush has just been sworn in as president . the third person narrator helpfully reminds us that mr. bush is the first president to have previously served as director of central intelligence . that interesting bit of information helps to set the mood for the tale of cloak and dagger intrigue that is about to unfold . a man named steady haynes dies suddenly of natural causes the evening before the inauguration . though never officially an agent of the cia , haynes has spent most of his career unofficially facilitating the carrying out of some very nasty things on the agency 's behalf all over the world . when granville haynes , steady 's son and a former lapd homicide detective , comes to washington to attend his father 's funeral , he learns that steady had let it be known that he had recently written his memoirs . it soon becomes very apparent that there are people out there who do not want steady 's manuscript to ever see the light of day . and they are not above commiting murder to see that it does n't . the complex plot of twilight at mac 's place revolves around the younger mr. haynes , with the help of mccorkle and padillo , uncovering who the anonymous literary suppressors are . this very appealing book contains plenty of the byzantine twists and turns thomas is famous for . moreover , there are plenty of interesting characters and the dialogue is unfailingly smart and entertainingly clever . recommended to those readers who like their political mysteries laced with sophisticated humor and an insider 's view of the way washington does business .
very entertaining western/action/drama . clint eastwood 's best role ever . it is very violent and there is some strong language . so do n't be fooled by the pg rating - it 's not for kids . there 's a pretty intense attempted rape scene as well . i detected no real political agenda except maybe a shot at nationalism , which deserves to be shot
this is one of the best medical shows to come around in a while . and i am actually learning some medical facts from this show . i love all of the actors on the show especially hugh laurie and omar epps . they are both so taleneted ! ( not to mention hot ! ) and the humor in the show is just wonderful . it really keeps the show interesting . the interaction between the characters is also very important , dynamic and well developed i think . the stories are also well written , well acted , and well developed in my opinion . i find each case fascinating and i love to watch as each one unravels . it may be somewhat formulaic but i feel it 's a formula that works ! i really enjoy watching this show . i almost always laugh at one or more of dr. house 's antics/jokes/pranks/runs and i am always trying to figure out just what will happen next . i think this show is enlightening , educational , humorous , entertaining , emotional & even inspirational at times . i give this show and this particular season <NUM> big stars . i hope this show continues to air for a long time to come . it is definitely one of my current favorites . if you have never seen it you really should . i really think you will like it . this is one of the best medical shows ever in my opinion . house rocks
this is the best album ever . rainbow gets heavier and faster on this album and just improve overall . dio 's vocals are out of this world and blackmore 's guitar playing is incredible . every song on the album is a masterpeice . tarot woman is a fast power metal fantasy song , run with the wolf is a slower fantasy song , starstruck is a fast neo classical song , do you close your eyes is a radio friendly rock song with a catchy riff and catchy chorus , stargazer is an epic , power metal , neo classical metal masterpeice and the best song i 've ever heard , a light in tbe black is another epic power metal song which continues the stargazer story execpt much faster this time , there are <NUM> long solos one is a keyboard solo and one is a guitar solo . stargazer is the best song i 've ever heard and the rest are classics aswell . every musician on this album contributes there best performances ever on this album . this is by far the best album i 've ever heard . fans of rainbow , deep purple , iron maiden , black sabbath , led zeppelin , elf , dio , stratovarius , yngwie malmsteen , hammerfall and metal and rock in general will love this as you can see from the other reviews
if the credentials of the authors did n't convince of the quality of this book , i 'm not sure i can . i will say that i have read and re-read the book several times , and that it 's a vital resource in our laboratory . from the various issues of scaling to what analyses do what , this book is an excellent resource of theories and technologies involved in landscape ecology
i found the book to be excellent . it accomplishes its main goals : to summarize the history of the world in an overview style . if you want to get into deep history , you can take some of the sections and delve further into other annals . as for other readers accusing the book of having a negative revisionist slant , i would disagree . modern scholarship is most definately revisionist , but that does n't have to be a bad thing . revisionist history is only a bad thing when there is an agenda for personal gain . to revise history based on new scholarship is a wonderful thing which can sometimes disprove earlier `` revisions '' to history
i found this to be one of the best carole matthews titles that i have read . carole 's books always present such interesting challenges faced by her protagonists when it comes to life and love , and this one is no exception . set in a small village on the outskirts of suburban england , carole does an excellent job in capturing what life is like in a small town , with neighbors watching your every move , speculating and spreading rumors that sometimes only have a sliver of truth to them . she even reveals how wrong people can be about what is innocent , and what is n't in a small town through hilarious antics of a housewife turned prostitute . the main character , rose , is trying very hard to start a new life in a small town , but nobody wants to give her a break because they do n't understand what she does as an aromatherapist , and mistakenly think she is a prostitute ! as she settles in , she begins to fall in love with a local , who is going through his own relationship troubles . however , she is still torn by the affair that sent her fleeing from london . i could n't stop reading as rose tries so desperately to make the right decision , faltering for some time but eventually coming to terms with her feelings after a rather muddy encounter ! a definite must for any fan of carole matthews , or british chic lit
the best cleopatra that the movies has ever produced.be it in the scenario as well as the performance of an actress in the part . so many came before and so many after elizabeth taylor however to me cleopatra will always be elizabeth taylor . a mega movie , with fantastic costumes , and acting , is a classic in historic movies.if you are history lover you should have this movie in your collection
as the synopsis indicates , this book is about a cat that dies <NUM> times before it finds it 's life-to-be whle he is living the ninth . there 's a little angel-like picture of the cat with angel wings leaving each time the cat dies . it 's interesting but oftentimes , i think a little much for the toddlers . there 's a bunch of info in this book that makes it fun to discover and explore and actually , i think the artwork is better than the actual story . the idea behind this is good , but i think i agree with the other reviewers that more and equal focus should be placed on the story itself , and not just in the illustrations . my favorite part is seeing what 's going on behind the scenes in the illustrations alongside the pages . it 's a nice book but maybe look for another one of brett 's books if you 're reading this to a toddler . it 's not as entertaining as say her gingerbread baby book
what can i say ? nora roberts did it again in angels fall . i whipped through this book in record time again , then passed it on to a buddy ( who also loved it ) . her books just get better and better as she goes along
kurt austin is back in the latest installment by clive cussler and paul kemprecos ... polar shift . it 's a nice `` mind candy '' bit of diversion ... austin and the numa crew are once again pulled into breaking up a plot that threatens to destroy the earth . a group of anarchists ( well-funded ones ) have discovered a way to force a polar shift of the magnetic north and south pole . by doing so , they hope to destroy the world 's navigation and communication infrastructure , allowing their heavily shielded replacements to survive as the only game in town . the only thing that can stop them is a young woman who is the granddaughter of the original scientist who learned about the shift decades . she does n't know that she holds the key to reversing the polarity , but numa and austin have to find her before the others get there first ... i did n't expect blockbuster material here , just a fun read . and basically that 's what i got . the austin series is n't quite as frenetic a pace as the dirk pitt series , nor is the dialog between austin and his sidekick quite as entertaining . still , it was a book i enjoyed picking up each evening before i went to bed . i 'm not sure i would have wanted to pay $ <NUM> for it , but as a library book it was fine
this textbook could be used by college creative writing students just beginning the study of writing poetry as well as advanced students , honing voice , craft , and expressive forms of poetry . wendy bishop writes a friendly , well-organized textbook that makes learning sophisticated poetic techniques enjoyable . this trade paperback is a fairly big book 9.09 x 6.28 x 0.83 , with <NUM> pages , presenting a wealth of material in an interesting and accessible manner . chapters are organized by `` forms , '' broadly conceived as patterns of sound , rhythm , and meaning . such forms include free verse , metered lines , rhymed and unrhymed couplets , elegies and aubades , ghazals and pantoums , haiku and haiku-like sequences , listing and repetitions , odes and praise songs , prose poems , quatrains , sestinas , sonnets , tercets , terza rima , triplets , and villanelles . each chapter begins with a clear discussion of professional examples of the form . next model poems are considered to move from `` reading into writing . '' then an extensive and expansive series of `` invention exercises '' appear , containing drafts of poems by students based on the exercises with additional professional examples . i give my highest recommendation to this text for students of poetry
i was initially sceptical of the stone roses and for a long time i never really gave them a chance . however after numerous recommendations i finally decided to giv ethis album a go and found ( to my surprise ) uplifting and repetitivly entertaining album . from the opening of i wan na be adored to waterfall to bye bye badman to i am the ressurection and the bonus track on this disc fool 's gold . what most impresses me about this album is it 's ability to not only keep your intention for <NUM> minutes plus ( both fool 's gold and i am the ressurection push double figures ) and still leave you yearning for more like the velvet underground 's i 'm waiting for the man you could just keep listening for hours . all in all this is a fantastic album well worth the title of greatest album of all time ( if not close ) , a+ for squire 's boys
my hope was to read a novel that gave an accurate and detailed account of the world my grandparents lived in and i was not disappointed . as with the best historical fiction , i was able to gain a sense of not just the environment and setting , but its effect on the main characters , especially david , the main protagonist . while the prose is often challenging and innovative , the book is a surprisingly easy and quick read that i could not put down . while i was often frustrated by david 's inner dialogue , the author must be commended for attempting to convey the inner workings of a child 's mind , how his thought process often chaotically bounced around from one thought to another . the author also uses language in a very unique and interesting fashion , namely the contrast between early 20th century new york slang , composed of so many different ethnic groups , to the authors `` translation '' of eastern european yiddish . for anyone currently reading the novel , who might feel frustrated at a seeming lack of direction in the plot , my advice is to keep reading , as its themes of alienation , growing self-awareness , family , sexual awakening and assimilation become more apparent as the story progresses . and for those who have yet to read the book , i strongly recommend not reading the introduction until after you 've finished the book , as it pretty much gives away almost everything that happens in the story and really should have been the afterword . regardless , it happens to be a well-written analysis of the novel and can even help the reader in his or her own thoughts and opinions of what is most definitely a classic of 20th century literature .
and when i say jumpin ' , i mean what i 'm doing in my kitchen while this cd is playing . i 've seen the show twice , and it 's like a drug that i just want again and again . but this is the next best thing . the show is so good , but the music creates such images in my mind that i do n't miss it as much . my kids dance to it with me and my wife , and we all just groove to the beat . i ca n't help but think that bmg reminds methat i live in a cyberpunk novel , and the music gives me a soundtrack for the day . i love this
<NUM> years later and many things have changed . the desire of investors to accurately gauge the stability of the companies in their portfolios remains the same . the incentive of management with stock options to hide the true nature of what the reality of what the company 's earnings have been remains strong . some of the techniques mentioned will be hard to use when companies employ spes to hide their true indebtedness and derivative positions mask the value at risk . however , many of the technique still have value . the analysis of receivables and inventories can provide insight into the immediate future of the company . the techniques that have lost their clear edge are the debt and write-off analysis . write-offs are now required by gaap ( although the `` big bath '' write-offs are still `` non-recurring '' ) and spes or variable interest entities can obscure debt . it is fascinating in light of enron , worldcom , qwest , tyco , and adelphia the stories of companies in the 70s and 80s that were attempting to do the same thing ( though often without the fraud ) . how little man changes through the ages
with this book , the reader and bead will become one . it is obvious that the author , joel monture , has a deep love and connection with the native american craft of beadwork . it is highly detailed , with illustrations and beautiful , colored photo examples . the book elaborates , not only on beads , but also on stitching methods , hide tanning and antler uses . along the way you will learn the history behind the authentic native art . it is sure to be pleasing and leave you desiring to know more
samurai champloo has become one of the greatest anime series ever with this final volume . it ranks well beside cowboy bebop , watanabe 's other masterpiece of anime , and in many ways surpasses it . watanabe 's series , though based in fuedal japan , does not limit itself to those restrictions , instead taking a surrealistic view of history , which allows for both minor and huge discrepancies , and the larger the lie , the funnier the episode . along with the comedy , the story centers around great action and even greater music . but in this volume , drama dominates . all of the characters meet the conclusion of their own personal stories , while wrapping up their story as a group . jin faces a man directly linked to his past as a swordsman ; mugen faces a family bent on revenge for mugen 's past life as a pirate ; and fuu finally meets the sunflower samurai . though you may think i spoiled it , just watch and see , for none of these endings end exactly as you would expect . then , after all three of these linked episodes are finished , you are treated to a reggae-style rap sung partly in english but mostly in japanese . to me , this was the perfect ending theme to a series that relied heavily on its music . so as not to spoil , i 'll finish my review saying this . the end of samurai champloo is both exciting and a bit sad . it 's a perfect conclusion to a perfect anime series , and sufficiently answers all the questions left behind in the previous volumes . if you have any anime sense , then you 've already seen this anime and love it . if you do n't , then hurry and get this so that you can say you were one of the first to see one of the best . this anime was definitely worth me collecting every separate volume , and i 'd recommend the same for anyone else out there . right now , i 'm hoping watanabe takes the same direction he did with cowboy bebop and makes the samurai champloo movie
i think this movie , although depressing , was a good example of the survival instinct manifested in children . maybe in some sort of perverted way i thought that these children would become expert in the ways of survival , and that this experience could be a positive in their lives as they got older . these kids were being knoked around early in life and this , hopefully , would only make them stronger granting them a true picture of reality and the dog eat dog lifestyle of capitalism . these kids are a model for the capitalist system that encourages a rugged darwinian individualism . a part of me wishes that i would have spent a few years on the street like these kids ( sans the aurolac if possible ) . if anything we should admire these children for their incredible innocent strength ... this is urban primitivism and liberty at its best especially when contrasted with those fat and ugly pampered bucharetians chillin ' at sydney 's cafe ...
neither fish nor flesh 's downfall is it 's lack of real commercial singles and a certain jealous sony labelmate 's sabotage if you believe terence himself . that 's not to say the music here is any worse overall than hardline . the unofficially stevie wonder summer soft sampling & quot ; to know someone deeply & quot ; , motown-esque & quot ; billy do n't fall & quot ; and the gospel attack of & quot ; i do n't want to bring your god 's down & quot ; are some favourites of mine . do n't believe the hype , there was no dramatic artistic post-hardline disaster
while many traditional productions of opera these days look sleepy , either on a stage loaded with so much trappings and clutter , and/or looking as though a group of singers got dropped onto stage and left to their own devices , this is truly a most traditional production , in both all its consummate detail and inspired individual touches . a certain degree of realism and social commentary inform the august everding production here . sarastro 's temple is set in solemnly austere design of dark brick and wood , which opens out into a silhouetted relief of what could pass for a greek temple and also imaginatively to a decrepit looking courtyard , where tamino faces his trial of silence , which gives us a hint that sarastro 's temple may have seen better days . a certain rigid manner about two of sarastro 's priests also tell us as much ( and who are denied their brief act two duet ) . for the incidents of extra magic that occurs in this production , and that mozart would have been happy with , in contradicting the cold reason of the enlightenment , the scenes that take place with the courtyard set just mentioned practically dare you to blink , not to miss anything . i do not want to give away any secrets here , except that wolfgang brendel , as papageno , in some of the action here , and everywhere , makes up for a few dry spots vocally , by perfectly natural acting of his part . costumed as a simple warning man or peasant , he works very well , in interaction with everyone else , in capturing the full humor of his part . brighter evocations of nature make up very pleasant backdrop for a couple of scenes during the finale to act two , for pamina and the <NUM> boys and for papageno alone , right before meeting up with papagena in front of a curtain backdrop of a giant oak . the temple , silhouetted before , opens out , suffused with cool light , as kurt moll as sarastro blesses his two new initiates , pamina and tamino . lucia popp , as pamina , is practically enough reason for giving this zauberflote the highest possible acclaim and for why this belongs in every serious opera dvd collection . take for instance her opening of `` ach ich fuhls '' in act two , which immediately touches the chord or setting for what the entire rest of the aria will be like , which she continues to sing most expressively . her scene , with the three boys is at least equally sublime in making her way from total despondency , despair to joyful anticipation of meeting tamino again , consummated by her utterly exquisite `` tamino mein '' , upon finally greeting him , and radiant demeanor in helping the tamino of francisco ariaza bring the trials of fire and water and their vocal parts to a close . her acting matches that of wolfgang brendel in their act one scenes together , in complete believability . lucia popp , as many fans already know , was some sixteen years before , a queen of the night of classic status on the otto klemperer zauberflote ( with all spoken dialogue taken out ) for emi . eschewing the least bit of any exaggeration or hindrance to full expressivity of her lines , edita gruberova ideally , coolly yet imperiously picks up the mantle popp had held for the part of the queen of the night before , in her musical and dramatic authority in it . her sidekick trio of three ladies ( pamela coburn , cornelia wulkopf , daphne evangelatos ) are as fine vocally and musically , among video choices , as you will find . while perfectly seductive enough and costumed to be very attractive to the eye , this trio is perhaps a little less menacing than one other out there . francisco araiza , hardly more than a dutiful presence on stage dramatically , and with slight tendency to pout a few more dramatic lines in his part , warmly and elegantly spins out so many lyric lines here , with so much more colorful command of nuance here than found with peter schreier on sawallisch 's cd set or his own much drier , less interesting contribution for james levine on the met dvd . kurt moll is the warm voiced sarastro , his voice rolling effortlessly through `` in diesen heil'gen hallen '' and with expressive point both here and the other passages for him . a certain fire about his look or gaze informs even those moments of warmth to convey to pamina his genuine forbearance in looking out after her . he reappears in the met zauberflote dvd eight or nine years later , with undiminished feeling of authority in the part , except for some obvious graying of his vocal prowess and a certain detached manner about him , that had me thinking that all this business with initiates and trials must be incredibly passe or perhaps long by now routinely and terribly de riguer for sarastro . jan-hendrik rootering is the ample voiced and authorative speaker of the temple , norbert orth the entirely black faced and mostly sweet voiced monostatos , if a little less menacing than one or two others on video by now . choral forces , including for a properly majestic rendition of and processional up high and stage rear for `` o isis und osiris '' , and supporting cast are all in top form . i am not quite entirely sure , even after reading the annotation in the well informative liner notes ( in nice booklet form ) of the changing places between sarastro 's aria `` o isis und osiris '' and the brief trio with pamina , and tamino joining him , that doing this is right , but at least it is well accounted for in the liner notes and may persuade some viewers . wolfgang sawallisch leads a pleasing middle-of-the-road interpreation of this score , levelheaded in almost all choices of tempo and modern , yet supple enough in its simple pacing of so much , yet plush in orchestral sonorities , even with incidences of doubtful intonation from woodwinds . he is always very supportive of his singers , if not the last word in being imaginative with so much that this score has to offer . he improves on his earlier analogue set ( that has been reissued on cd ) in having a more varied cast here , in terms of vocal color , without losing out on issues of diction and meaningful interaction between cast members . an overriding blandness , sterility both scenically and musically to the levine/met zauberflote on dvd , also on dgg , helps to make the sawallisch here a clearly preferable choice . ultimately , as well supported by sawallisch , the expert staging here , and the contributions of just about every cast member , humanity emerges as the highest and most prevailing order in society , in place of a clerical , monastic , or even a masonic one . the complexity of mozart 's vision is as well encapsulated here as may also be the case in one or two auteur productions of this great work . here the charm of mozart 's inspiration endures from start - traffic signals both to left and right from a moon-silhouetted queen of the night in alt - to finish
im not gon na spoil it for anyone , although some people did already , but the ending was the most saddest thing i have ever seen , i literally couldnt stop crying , but it was so good too , i understand everything better now , if your a big wolfs rain fan and havent watched this , prepare the tissues
... this one . the definitive first half of the basie & quot ; old testament band & quot ; studio catalogue . good-quality sound , for the era , as well as excellent remastering of the source material . these versions of these songs are what took basie from a mid-western regional band status to national prominence . better material than the <NUM> discs extant comprising most of the second half of the & quot ; old testament & quot ; studio catalogue ( & quot ; essential & quot ; series , v.1-3 from columbia records ) , as well ( if one must choose ) . i give this one <NUM> stars from a strictly swing-era only perspective
ziegler certainly gives an inside look into the business , but for me , having been to two joe verde seminars , it came as nothing new . for someone new to the business , i 'd certainly recommened it . for someone with several years in the business , it 'd still be a very good refresher course . it 's all too easy to get into a `` rut '' , and this book can help you see where your mistakes are possibly being made , so that you can correct them . it would also be a good read for a car buyer , as it would give them a lot of insight into how some dealerships conduct business .
'good will hunting ' will always remain one of my favorite movies . it has an engaging storyline , great acting , and enormous emotional depth . it 's hard to believe matt damon and ben affleck were young college students when they concieved of this complex story . the story is about will hunting ( matt damon ) a troubled young man who is working as a night janitor at harvard university . he also happens to be a one-of-a-kind math genius , and catches the attention of award-winning math professor gerald lambeau ( stellan skarsgard ) as he begins solving difficult math problems left on the blackboard . will , however , has no interest in pursuing a prestigious career in mathematics . he only reluctantly agrees to hold private lessons with the proffesor , being the only way to get out of jail after a spate of violence lands him there . part of his parole deal , however , is to meet with a therapist twice a week . after getting a couple of shrinks to give up on him , will finally lands with psychology teacher sean maguire ( robin williams ) who has a similar background as wills ' , hailing from the same tough neigborhood in south boston . as sean tries to get through to will emotionally , the professor tries to train will 's mind in advanced mathematics . all the while , will , who has had trouble maintaining a loving relationships due to his troubled past , begins to get seriously involved with a girl named skylar ( minnie driver ) . meanwhile , the professor and the psychiatrist , who 've had a rivalry of sorts back in their day , begin to quibble over what 's best for will 's future . filled with great profound dialouges and intense emotional scenes , it 's an immense emotinal experience . it obviously has very 'heavy ' subject-matter , and thus not an easy light watch , but it is very rewarding and entertaints throughout . it 's also a great buy because you will need repeated viewings to appreciate all its subtelties
this video was quite interesting and mind opening . a lot of it is in subtitles which was n't a problem for me and it is rather short , just over a 1/2 hour . overall though , a very interesting dvd
gypsy violin , dancehall beats , horns somewhere between jazz jamaica and klezmer , transylvanian-intoned singer . wry lyrics . simply a blast . bought this blind and i love it
i am a recent subscriber to the magazine , so i was drawn to the book by it 's truly amazing photos . the garden definitions at the beginning of each section were a nice addition , too . i do wish , however , it had just a bit more content . it is inspiring to leaf through , and dream
this is the santana & quot ; best of & quot ; for people who do n't need a collection of songs that can be heard on any classic rock station within minutes of tuning in . the deeper tracks from abraxus included here are more than worth while
by chance , i saw the trio perform at the monterey world music festival in <NUM> . the music starts out fairly slow , almost boring . after a few songs , the pulse of the one drum , the melody of the oud and clarinet really started to be hypnotic . at the end of the set the crowd gave the trio a standing ovation . i bought the cd and played it for a friend who thinks it is great 'massage ' music . it is very soothing , relaxing , mysterious music that calms the mind
this oscar -nominated film has the legendary cary grant ( 1904-1986 ) as goverment attorney who can ? t seem to shake his bad fortune . living on a houseboat , widomed and left with three unruly children , he hires sophia loren ( 1934- ) as governess . the magnetic loren and the charming grant add up to cheeky , urbane comedy . wonderful movie with many outdore scenes a realy romantic and funny movie , high quality transfer . recommended .
very nice cd , quite different from their other ones but quickly became my favorite
public enemy 's soundtrack to spike lee 's he got game is some great music . public enemy 's return after disappearing for a few years is a spellbinding concept album about the sport industry . krs one and the wu tang clan 's masta killa make guest raps on this album . this also has another great collaboration on it . on the title track the loop sample of buffalo springfield continues through and the stephen stills starts to sing the song at the end with flava flav introducing him . favorites include resurrection ft. masta killa , he got game ft. stephen stills , unstoppable ft. krs one , revelation <NUM> 1/3 revolutions , politics of the sneaker pimps , what you need is jesus , and go cat go . recommende
losey 's `` the servant '' is a film you really have to stick with in order to get to the meat and potatoes . it 's almost like two movies in one . it opens up innocently enough , with dirk bogarde ( hugo ) coming to playboy tony 's ( james fox in a performance that oscillates between being mind numbingly annoying to heart rendingly pitiable ) house , offering to be his servant . from there it will take the viewer awhile to understand just how sinister and depraved bogarde 's hugo is -- for a good part of the film he just seems to be a confused , buffoonish servant trying to do his job . from there things get really , really sick . co-dependency , class struggle , loneliness , alcoholism and finally madness dominate the house as bogarde accomplishes a slick mastery of tony 's psyche and then his life . he gets the weak minded and wealthy playboy to cheat on his fiancee , and then takes advantage of the ruins his life is left in afterward . by the end of the film you know everything is screwed in a royal ( no pun intended ) way . sickness and betrayal crawl from every frame of the last half an hour , and the transformation the film undergoes is unbelievably well done . you really do n't know who to sympathize with , since the only character with a single intent and purpose is tony 's fiancee who quickly flees when the situation essentially becomes an orgy of broken minds and hearts . this as good and creepily understated a film as alfred hitchcock ever made . a must see .
being gifted does n't mean you know everything and have figured everything out . it just means you 're brighter than the average bear and can leap to conclusions and see connections faster than others . you also remember better and thus can not stand things being repeated over and over . unfortunately , because society is designed for those who are less bright , this causes problems for the gifted . this book explores what those problems are . both while growing up and as adults . a very enlightening book and one i recommend to those who are gifted or who are parents of gifted children/adults
the wildest clothing you 'll ever see on little kids . a very cute book .
say what u want . i absouletly love this book . i feel carmen 's pain . & men ( & women who are narrowed minded ) still believe it is okay for a man to do what with whoever with whomever & not be called slanderous names but when a woman does it , they are called ' a hoe/slut/b * tch/etc . ' come on now she ( c.b . ) is a beautiful woman & men in the entertainment industry will do what ever to have beautiful women around them . end of story 'do n't knock her side of the story & or her & stop f * cking hating ! they put her in that industry so now she is speaking up & regardless if anyone wants to believe it or not , i bet my last dollar it is so very true ! luv ya , c
i have this dvd and it 's a great deal . you get a brief on the road documentary of avril on her first tour ; you also get a complete performance from one of her concerts featuring all the songs on the first album ( and then some ) . it 's obvious to anyone objective that avril 's singing was n't very good when she first came out . however , i recently caught a performance of her from mad tv , singing my favorite song from her second cd . i have to say it was incredible . it 's obvious that she has put the time in to her craft and is turning into a phenomenal artist . given how phenomenal she is now , i dont understand why her record company hasnt released a new dvd ...
in the end of the 90s , some bands and guitar players decided to explore new grounds of music . some of these attempts was successful , some were not . good examples of artists that tried to sound modern was the german rock band scorpions ( eyeiieye ) , steve vai ( sex & religion ) , jeff beck ( who else ! , you had it coming , jeff ) and of course , joe satriani . in a particular boarding , mr. satch saw the rising experiments from genius guitar player and inspiration jeff beck and decided to make an attempt into a more electronic kind of music . now , the difference between beck and satch is that satch was creative , bold and concise in his boarding , and jeff , well , lost himself in the path . do n't get me wrong , i love jeff beck from his yardbirds/tridents days to beckology , he was truly a great genius , egomaniac , but genius , comparable only with jimi hendrix . but jeff 's techno sound is boring , noisy and truly out of place . he affirmed himself that his techno albums is among the worst ones ever produced by him . joe satriani , in a kind of inspired mood and brilliance knew very well how to create his chops without sacrifice the music . he created a balance between him , his human band and the pro-tools . he sounds fantastic in this release . challenging , groundbreaking , powerful , beautiful and pleasant . rumor has that the title of the album was inspired in the molecular nanotechnology book `` engines of creation '' , written by k. eric drexler in <NUM> . the book also have an interesting line that says that `` what we can do depends on what we can built '' . i do n't think that 's a mere coincidence , considering the illustrations on the album 's sleeves . judging by that we can presume that we have a conceptual record in hands . of course , as an experiemnt , somethings goes very nice and somethings nor in such a way . `` devil 's slide '' is a good example of a very cool , dynamic and inspired piece . `` borg sex '' is like imagining robots having sexual relations , and the song has a very nice mood . `` champagne ? '' is some kind of tribute to jeff beck , it 's very similar to the sound that jeff has been developing in his comeback album `` who else ! `` , by far , his best effort with techno rock . there 's also beautiful electronic moments like `` clouds race across the sky '' , witch is a nice soundscape song , and also human moments , like the wonderful ballad `` until we say goodbye '' and the awesome closing title track . but the breathtaking moment of the album is the two-track song `` the power cosmic <NUM> '' , witch is a nice improvement compared with it 's version released as a single . with this release , joe got his foot into a modern and nice sound and continues to sound relevant . of course , this is the `` we do n't need another one '' kind of album . joe knew it very well , since techno music sounds dated nowadays , and returned to his human sound in his next release . but as far as it went , it was a wonderful experiment and a very consistent work that still deliver us in a nice mood
the book opens with both beatrice 's illegitimate children living together as cousins . john macandrew is away trying to get his fortune back after beatrice stole it all in an effort to keep wideacre for her children . julia and richard early on seem to represent the good and bad beatrice . julia resembles beatrice , and she has her excellent horse riding skills , plus the ability to farm and work the land . all those were `` the good beatrice . '' richard only has the insatiable hunger to keep wideacre for himself and pass it on to his heir . he does n't care about anything or anybody else . this represents `` the bad beatrice . '' at the end of wideacre all beatrice could think about was raising enough money to secure wideacre for her heirs , and she turned a blind eye to the poverty and sickness that she was causing . i like how philippa gregory weaves historical facts into the story , such as how the poor had to live in order to survive , and how the landowners made such unfair laws , and how they controlled the courts . the parts of the book that were really aggravating to me were the ones where julia had absolutely no backbone whatsoever .... especially after richard rapes her . i think celia and john would definitely have believed her , not richard . i have really liked every philippa gregory book , whether from the other boleyn girl series or the wideacre series . i 'm looking forward to reading the last book , meridon .
it was a great book , following the adventures of dr. framer and his desire to treat tb and hiv in the world . i felt it was a great view into his world , as he tried to pursue these great efforts
intellectual , straight-forward , candid and objective- & quot ; from slavery to freedom & quot ; gives the actual picture of how african-americans have been treated and where they stand in american history . an honest journey into history- well-researched . thanks franklin . history is important . but & quot ; we shall rise & quot ;
a perfect movie . a truthfull face of the world of sales and what happens when your back is against the wall . jack lemmon 's best performance
if you 've viewed season one , and liked it ( and you must have-otherwise why would you even consider buying season <NUM> ) you will enjoy this second dvd . though the first season was [ to me ] much more interesting and action packed , probably because it was new and a fresh idea , this season 's storylines continue to make surprise twists and turns . just to watch eva longoria 's and marcia cross 's characters get what they want , one way or another makes this a worthy purchase . not a learning experience , but excellent mindless entertainment ! !
when i looked at this cd on the cd rack , it was only <NUM> bucks so i bought just for the hell of it . so one day i put in that cd and i was blown away . songs like blackeye , can i borrow some ambition , bath of last resistance , true believers , coming down with me are all great . i love this cd . its worth it to buy it
i liked to see the movie in highdefinition , good sharp colors . it was my first hd movie so we will see how the others are . so far so good
i am loving this book , but let 's get one thing straight . this is not a cupcake book , as the cover would lead you to believe . in fact , i only saw one reference to a cupcake from a regular layer cake recipe , even though it is written by one of the owners of new york 's famed magnolia bakery , which has gained notoriety for its cupcakes . at any rate , the recipes contained in this book are pure magic . so far i have made the white layer cake with chocolate chips and peanut butter icing ( as suggested ) , and it was quite a hit with friends and family . other recipes i 'm going to try in the next few days are the sour cream coffee cake and the buttercup golden layer cake . this book is all about making things from scratch like they did in the olden days , but you could also mix and match homemade cakes with store-bought icing or vice-versa . read the introductory section with tips and pay attention to the details ( e.g. , use cake flour instead of all-purpose or self-rising , use butter/sour cream at room temp. , etc . ) , which will make all the difference . the section with icing recipes is short but covers a variety of flavors . it 's definitely not an atkins-friendly cookbook or any of that , so you know it 's good for your sweet tooth ! i would definitely recommend this book to any baker , novice or expert , and am looking forward to buying 'the magnolia bakery cookbook ' ( co-authored by appel ) next
when i bought this cd i was expecting learn to fly to be the best song and the rest to be just filler to make a full album . was i ever wrong . this is now one of my favorite cds and the best foo fighters cd to date , it is full of catchy riffs and songs that are sure to please everyone
written like a novel , this is the true story of charles ponzi , the most famous con man using the `` rob-peter-to-pay-paul '' scam . i found the book to be entertaining without a dull spot . after several unsuccessful cons , he started with a small stake and took people 's money and paid them <NUM> % in <NUM> days . when other people heard , the number of investors mushroomed . he finally made about $ 8,000,000 ( in the <NUM> 's ) in this pyramid scheme before he was caught
i must agree with settimio biondi from italy . having purchased the first two volumes , we 've been waiting for <NUM> years for p~z . this is an excellent , comprehensive work . hopefully , oxford ... or someone with a sense of responsibility ... will finish the final volume
this movie is a must see for all peter sellers fans . not much dialogue but very , very funny .
i 've been surprised and enriched through reading mercury retrograde . the writing is both interesting and informative , and ms. peay 's prose are beautiful . i purchased the book shortly before the start of mercury retrograde , and was amazed how frequently i had experiences that the author asserts are typical during this period . not only does ms. peay offer suggestions and advice for living during mr , but her observations can be carried through the rest of the year !
jeez , i feel like it 's the <NUM> 's again ; defending mccartney : to anyone who does n't get it : his solo work is not the beatles . he never seemed to care as much about lyrics and `` meaning '' , as opposed to john and george , but focused on great melody , harmony , and catchy , if sometimes almost meaningless , lyrics . no one seemed to mind when he did it with the beatles ......... all amazing . this album may be his best ; simple songs , simply recorded , heartfelt . his tunes and lyrics can be deceptively simple ( junk , man we was lonely ) but listen closely to what he 's saying . he does n't shove your face in how he feels , unlike lennon 's `` how do you sleep '' or even ringo 's `` boogaloo '' . this album is the first glimpse we all got into who did what in the beatles and , as basic as it is , opens a new door . still on my top ten
i purchased this book for a friend 's birthday and after looking through it , nearly kept it
`` prayers '' is even a better book than the four agreements , though the four agreements build you a foundation . it is meant to be a book we will read when at the quest of love and peace . the book is meant to be read when you are angry , sad , experiencing fear and judgment . of course you still need to find other ways to work on your anger , this book simply have the power to help you let go of those nasty thoughts . this book is not meant to be used to suppress/deny the existence of anger and fear , for , we need to accept human has all ranges of emotions . there is no right and wrong for whatever and however we feel things . at the end of the day , we are just saying prayers to let go of the emotional poisons . that is the essence of this book . the words of the book can only be experienced and felt . you can not use your judgmental mind to think and to understand nor can you try to rush finishing the book . some books , for example this one , just are not meant for speed reading because you can not experience the peace the author wants to give you . when you open your heart and feel the power of the words , you experience lots of love and compassion to yourself and others . that is how you want to use this book to open your spiritual eyes and stay there . this book is easy to understand . it is meant to be read again and again , especially during turbulent times where we are most easily to slip back to the judgmental self . i definitely recommend this book to someone who is experiencing some sort of a significant loss in life ( whether it is a loved one 's death , a lost of job or a loss of marriage ) . may we all come out from the turbulent times and experience love and care , which help us return to our authentic self - with love and care and without judgment about self and others
the hero of new jersey , short for bull dog wins the boxing world championship , in a miracle comeback story . the movie depicts the often fatal business of boxing . each year about <NUM> boxers die . the commissioner does not want braddock to fight baer telling him that it will be a suicide fight . braddock tells the commissioner that he risks death every day he works on the docks and boxing is the business he knows best . baer has killed three men in the ring with his power right cross that separates the brain from the spinal cord . the commission shows braddock , on film , the last baer fight and braddock watches carefully as baer kills a man in the ring . braddock is the underdog , smaller and older , and baer does not want to fight braddock . braddock strategy is to sidestep and swipe baers left hand out of the way . in the end braddock ends up in a fist to fist punch out with baer for <NUM> rounds . braddocks ribs hold up and he wins the fight by judge decision . the movie gives hope for the common man , the irish catholic , and thoses suffering from the great depression . braddock is characterizes as one having emmense courage , appreciation of his country , and hope that america will be great . braddock must fight to survive , keep his family together , and survive the meat market of professional boxing
a powerful but overlooked black sabbath album with the definitive vocals of ronnie james dio . a mercilessly heavy song selection boasting excellent production , something `` mob rules '' ca n't say , strong songwriting and some of the best musicians on the planet . from this springboard you can see where dio went with the release of his next solo albums . `` dehumanizer '' will stand the test of time as one of the three best sabbath albums ever alongside `` mob rules '' and `` heaven and hell .
this book is probably one of the best pieces of literature i have ever read . the ability of the author to go back and forth between characters seemlessley is impeccable and can never be duplicated by another . the idea behind breakfast of champions is a conflict between two main characters , kilgore trout & dwayne hoover , both with seemingly separate lives and completely different views on life , but once their paths are crossed , their lives change forever . in the beginning , a description of the characters are offered with extensive background information all leading up to their lives at the present and how in some way , shape , or form , they both rely on eachother for sanity . the author then goes even further to describe how their present life predicaments are affecting their outlooks on life and their performence both sexually and mentally are changing with every breath they take . vonnegut goes back and forth between voices , a pious & omniscient figure to becoming either both or one of the main characters , al done seemlessly and impeccably . kilgore trout writes stories that the author comes up with which are then transduced as being sources of porographic ideas and dwayne hoover is a man who is beoming more and more psychotic everyday , he is losing his grip on reality and with the coming of kilgore trout to an art convention that dwayne is also attending , trout 's stories , specifically one about all people being pre-set robots , causes dwayne to snap and go on a rampage harming those who are most closest to him as well as people who need to be harmed , but still have no right to be harmed by dwayne . if anything , this book is a masterpiece and a work of art and i would recommend this book to all whose mind is as twisted and confusing as the author 's , as well as someone who can put up with consistent references to the male genitalia , as grotesque as it might become
i 'm an engineer . i had the e-myth stuck in my head . i knew how to run a business , therefore i could run a successful business . guess what ? gerber is right ! knowing all the technical details of running a business is not enough ! this book is simply awesome ! it perfectly described my mentality and my motivations for starting a business ( i 've started <NUM> businesses ) . i 've worked for <NUM> different companies and consulted with more than <NUM> others . the principles and patterns he describes match with reality . if you are thinking about starting your own business you must read this book ! it can save you years of your life and untold amounts of $ . i lost my life savings starting my first business . reading this book helped make my second business a success . if you are a business owner , you must read this book . chances are this book will help you understand yourself and your relationship with your company . your company and your employees will benefit greatly . i highly recommend this book to any business owner or person thinking of starting their own business !
i saw the music video for this song a few days ago and it was stuck in my head for days ! canadian singer daniel powter is definitely talented , and it shows in his first single . i can not wait for his self-titled album to be released in october so that i can listen to the rest of the songs .
john mcgraw and christy mathewson became two of baseball 's most recognizable personalities with the arrival of the 20th century . mcgraw made his name initially as a third baseman with the scrappy baltimore orioles in the <NUM> 's . mathewson was one of a very few college players , and found himself being tried as a first baseman along with pitching for the giants when mcgraw was brought to new york to lead the giants for the next thirty years . author frank deford manages to weave together these two diverse personalities as each left their imprint on the game during their short lives . mcgraw died at the relatively young age of <NUM> , although his bouts with the bottle made him appear much older than he was . matty died at the youthful age of <NUM> due to tuberculosis , probably the result of breathing poisonous gas during a drill among soldiers while in france during world war i . the information provided on the old baltimore orioles can be found in numerous other books , most notably for me , fred lieb 's history on the baltimore orioles as well as the information on mathewson in other books . however , i feel frank deford does a good job in tying together the lives of these two giants of the game who became great friends as well . for all his crustiness , combativeness , and profane mouth , mcgraw , who experienced tragedy as a young boy by seeing his mother and several siblings die of diptheria , had a sentimental side to him . he hung three pictures in his office of his favorite players ( christy mathewson , ross youngs , and mel ott ) . the last sentence is not included in the book . following his playing career mathewson became manager of the cincinnati reds . he suspended one of his players , hal chase , because he believed him to be involved in fixing ball games . when matty returned from france mcgraw offered him a job as a coach on the giants , only to find hal chase now a member of the team . mcgraw had difficulty adjusting to the times as he bemoaned the modern ( at that time ) player , while the stature of his old oriole teammates grew with the advancing years . you can find a lot of the information on these two baseball legends in other individual biographies , but this book will bring these two giants and close friends together in one well done ( if you will ) dual biography
the cranky day is made up of three stories : cranky bugs , put-upon percy , and lady hatt 's birthday party . this inexpensive paperback is perfect for the thomas fan . it has the colorful photographic `` illustrations '' that look like the series we 're familiar with . this one is really popular with my thomas fans , and you can read the stories one at a time or all three at once . but beware -- when you 're finished they 're going to want you to read it again ! and again ! and again
this is an unusual movie , where the hero is also the villain . i wish modern people would see this movie just to understand the difference between the public perception of a powerful politician and the way he behaves in private . politics is a dirty game that muddies anyone who plays to win . it is a movie about how power corrupts everyone touched even indirectly by that power .
having been a fan of rigoletto for many years , i ordered this dvd based mostly on placido domingo 's participation . having watched it now , i have found it to be a rewarding performance . domingo 's duke is very gratifying . macneil 's rigoletto is vocally weaker , but his stage presence is powerful . on the whole his performance is effective as rigoletto . i 'm glad to have the dvd and expect to enjoy it many times
xtc did n't start out with any remote idea of aspiring to the very stifling punk classicism of the day.the only relation 'white music ' has to punk is the simple three chord structures . otherwise tunes like the catchy & quot ; this is pop & quot ; and the offbeat , quircky reggae of & quot ; all along the watchtower & quot ; have more relation to not only early british invasion music but to the more abstract musical experiments of american avante rockers.neither is this in any way typical xtc-in years to come the band would develope a sound much more melodic and sweet ( neither of those terms ever apply to this music ) but the stuttering vocals and andy partirdge 's clever humor are more then enough to carry this album.from a guy whose more interested in funk and fusion normally i find this album worth a listen-'white music ' will definately command your attention.and it 's not too loud either
even as a child , and as an african , i have always been interested in the true history of my continent not told by the so called conqueror , which has always shown people who rebel in a disgustingly bad and unture light . especially the american majority , who somehow get amnesia regarding the how and why this stolen land got its so called democracy . once again , this book is very detailed and tells how and why really the entire continent of africa , was inflicted with dirty politics ( golds , diamonds , mineral wealth , etc . ) , for the ill gotten gaines and total disregard of the indgenous people by europe and the united hates of america.especially those of colour
i 'm not a huge country fan but reba mcentire is great ! she 's an amazing musician ! this album has a great collection of songs on it ! my favorites are `` you lie , '' `` for my broken heart , '' and `` is there life out there . '' super album ... highly recommended !
michael connelly used to be a crime journalist . that 's why i think this mystery , which has a journalist as the main character ( a guy named jack mcevoy ) works so very well , with every scene jumping off the page and certain scenes making the hairs on the back of my neck stand up ! now about the plot ... mcevoy 's brother , a cop , is dead and the death is declared a suicide . but mcevoy does n't buy it , knowing his brother as well as he does . of course , others think he is simply in `` denial '' but as mcevoy digs deeper , suspicious patterns start to emerge , linking cop `` suicides '' with a network of pedophiles and , in particular , one pedophile , nicknamed `` the poet '' for his use of lines of poe poems , lines which he leaves at the scenes of his crimes . every chapter , every page , seems realistic , believable . i was immediately riveted and even though i did sense the killer before the final pages , it took nothing away from reading a book so well-crafted with such fine detais . connelly made me feel like i was walking around in mcevoy 's shoes , looking through his eyes . so there you have it - a bare plot outline and an opinion about a very fine writer . i do suggest you start with this book , as connelly 's quality can go up and down from book to book - or perhaps some of his works simply resonate with me more than others . this book is a top notch mystery
in the era of avian flu , the first horseman is a chilling tale . the reappearance of the <NUM> spanish flu near a north korean bioweapons facility causes alarms to go off in washington . the hunt for a potential vaccine leads to an unlikely venue : an arctic mining town where victims of the flu were buried in permafrost in <NUM> . these victims , provided they never thawed , would still have virus material in their lungs . these material could be harvested for use in a vaccine . when american scientists finally reach the frozen town , they 're startled to find an unsavory surprise awaits them . and things go downhill from there as an investigative journalist , the intelligence community , and other parties all race to get the vaccine before a biological attack is launched . yes , you 've got predictable plot twists and the conventional , whoa-is-that-guy-psychotic criminal mastermind . and , true , you know how everything will turn out in the end . but in between , a fair amount of excellent research detail and some chilling analogs to today 's world of h5n1-brand avian flu make case 's book both highly relevant and truly ominous
grand hotel , the translation of menchen im hotel , is about a group of strangers staying at a posh hotel in berlin . each of them have their troubles and become connected throughout the novel . baron von geigern is a down-and-out man who steals to maintain his lavish lifestyle . he falls in love with the aging dancer grusinskaya one night when attempting to steal from her . she immediately latches onto him because he is young and she feels rejuvenated by his affection . the best scene in the book is that between the baron and grusinskaya the morning after ; it is filled with psychology and understanding of the two characters . kringelein is a pathetic man who comes to the hotel to spend his life savings on the last few days of his life , hoping to finally find happiness . he meets the baron who takes him under his wing to show him a good time . flammchen is a stenographer employed by preysing at the hotel who falls in love with the baron . preysing plots to cheat on his wife with flammchen who he becomes obsessed with , but is more concerned with the possibility that his company could completely deconstruct . dr. otternschlag is a sad man who always checks for mail at the front desk but never has any . he observes the hotel and acts as sort of a narrator at times to the story . each character is made realistic by the author , and the plot twist at the end serves as an appropriate and exciting climax . i read the book because i loved the film starring john barrymore as the baron , greta garbo as grusinskaya , lionel barrymore as kringelein , joan crawford as flammchen , wallace berry as preysing , and lewis stone as otternschlag . it is a wonderful adaptation and a beautifully photographed film . however , there are some differences , as there always are when books are made into films . the baron is slightly more likable in the book than in the film because more attention is paid to him . one needs to read the book to understand grusinskaya 's motivations ; since a young star played her in a very exaggerated way , the character seems more insane than justified in her actions . kringelein is somewhat less respectable in the book but just as likable . flammchen looks differently in the film , but is better developed and more realistic in it as well . preysing is just as dull in both . dr. otternschlag is paid much more attention in the book than in the film . overall , the book is more philosophical about the characters and their relationships to each other because it does not rely solely on dialogue like the film
i have had it since it came out in <NUM> , and its ' still as good today as it was back then . wow there are certainly are a lot of reviews written about this record.it is hard to describe this album , it 's not quite jazz , it 's not quite `` funk '' , it 's not quite `` fusion '' music , it stands on its ' own as something else . kind of a combination of all three . at the time , keyboard innovations were really coming into vogue and herbie really knew how to exploit it on this album . better than his later electronic stuff , which was a lot more commercial . other contemporaries from this time include chick corea , jan hammer , george duke , and to a certain extent , stevie wonder .
one fierce beer coaster is without a doubt the bloodhound gang 's best album.some of the best songs are `` why 's everbody always pickin ' on me ? `` , '' it 's tricky '' , '' fire water burn '' and `` i wish i was queer so i could get chicks '' .this album is a classic that should be owned by any fan.buy it now
the fact that this cd includes the stunningly-beautiful ballad `` miracles need wings to fly '' should provide incentive enough to buy it . this great compilation brings most of teena 's greatest romantic ballads together for the first time -- and at a budget price . given her enormous talent , it 's ( almost ) incredible that teena has rarely gotten the mainstream recognition she naturally deserves . if you can only get one teena marie cd this is definitely the one
i bought this album two years ago , because i 'd fallen in love with the one song that made it to radio & quot ; in my hands , & quot ; and was hoping the whole album was built like that song . how wrong i was . at the time i hated it . i put it away and did n't listen to it again until about a month ago . while i still think that & quot ; space ceildh & quot ; could stand to go away , i must admit the album grows on you . & quot ; get me through december & quot ; is a haunting song , as is & quot ; flora macdonald. & quot ; i like it more and more
the collaboration of director anthony mann and the righteous jimmy stewart again provided the ingredients for a successful movie . filmed against the sprawling picturesque terrain of new mexico , the movie tells the tale of will lockhart , a loner and ex-army man who is now delivering freight via wagon train . he winds up in the town of coronado on the border of apache territory , in part looking for the party responsible for the death of his younger brother . he was killed in an apache massacre with rifles illegally supplied to them by an unknown arms dealer . the town is under control of alec waggoman , a cattle baron played by donald crisp . stewart soon runs afoul of crisp 's ill tempered son dave played by alex nichol coming into conflict with the family who own the huge barb ranch . ranch foreman and filial figure to crisp , arthur kennedy playing vic hansbro , is also the guardian of nichol , keeping him out of harms way . stewart manages to upset the waggoman family dynamic as he pursues the answers to his brothers death as well as trying to keep the apaches at bay . with help from two local women the elderly aline macmahon playing tough rancher kate canady and cathy o'donnell playing crisp 's niece barbara , stewart eventually gains the trust of crisp
this movie starts off a little slow , but definately picks up pace . its a great <NUM> 's movie and moreso timeless for anyone who has experienced love and heartbreak for the first time . it reminded me of my first high school romance . many scenes are quite comical , and cusack does not disapoint . worth watching , you are sure to give a chuckle or two , at least watch it to make fun of the <NUM> 's fashion trends
nina persson 's `` debut solo album '' ( as described on the promo sticker ) began life in sweden in <NUM> , the same year as the cardigans ' gran turismo . it was completed in america throughout <NUM> with producer mark linkous from the excellent sparklehorse , during time off from the cardigans , which had clearly taken on a life of its own , not entirely of her choosing . a camp was born in <NUM> after a meeting with niclas frisk , who co-wrote most of the songs and plays on several of them . boyfriend nathan larson ( from shudder to think ) also plays on all but one of the tracks and co-wrote the opening song . frequent flyer sets the mood of the album as it opens with eerie samples , theremin sounds , thuddy drums and nina 's gorgeously bittersweet vocals over an engaging melody . in fact the tunes retain a high standard throughout and the quirky production ( though mainstream by sparklehorse standards ) is never less than complementary and interesting . angel of sadness is a stand-out song although i can buy you made a first class single . although the album consists mostly of original material , a few stray covers shoe-horn their way in - the replacements ' rock 'n ' roll ghost ; bizarrely , restless heart 's old us hit the bluest eyes in texas ; and walking the cow , one of the best known songs of cult singer daniel johnston , whose <NUM> album fear yourself was also produced by mark linkous . a camp manages the delicate trick of being unmistakably , instantly belonging to nina persson whilst at the same time being quite distinct from the cardigans . may her future projects be as successfu
first of all , i should state that i am the number one steely dan fan in the world and yeah i know , this is a fagen work . when i first listened to this cd i was unimpressed . same old same old . but listen again ( and again ) and it will grow on you . it will remind you of the days when you said to yourself `` this band is * $ % # @ good - i 'm glad so-and-so ( kathy ) turned me on to them '' . favorite track is `` mary shut the garden door '' - not because of the lyrics but because of the jazz .
i 've seen several not-so-good reviews of this book so i wanted to write a good one . i 'm not finished reading it yet , but i only have about <NUM> pages left and i 've read enough of it to know that i 'm thoroughly enjoying it . there are parts of the book that are laugh-out-loud funny and other parts that are so detailed and insightful that i am enjoying this novel on many levels . if you like authors whose writing is what i call `` quirky '' ( a little on the weird side but i mean that in a good way ... interesting and funny details on almost every page ) , you 'll love this book . i know that my local library has at least three other books by this author and i intend to get every last one of them during my next trip to the library . the kind of quirky , comical , insightful writing that i like is best represented by the following book , which i actualy bought instead of borrowing it from the library , and i do n't buy books very often : a girl named zippy : growing up small in mooreland indiana by haven kimmel http : //www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0767915054/ref=pd_sxp_f/104-1969313-5510321 ? v=glance & s=books if you liked `` until the real thing comes along '' by elizabeth berg , you will absolutely love `` a girl named zippy '' by haven kimmel
i 've read reviews about rattle 'n ' hum for years now . everybody gets caught up in the mania of the movie . honestly , who cares whether or not bono makes a fool of himself ( which he so eloquently does ) , who cares that this is their pilgrimage to the `` holy lands '' of rock . if you can strip away all the symbolic sludge and get to the heart of this movie , it 's at that point that you can truly enjoy it . rattle 'n ' hum is nothing more than an entertaining documentary of the journey of a simple rock band from dublin ireland . their music and concerts are uplifting and their songs are incredibly simple , yet well-written . by the end of the movie , hopefully you will appreciate the fact that u2 always has proven themselves as a solid rock band worthy of the musical acclaim that has followed them throughout their long distinguished career . forget the politics , forget the philanthropy , forget the garbage . just listen to the music and enjoy the visual ride . it 's only rock'n'roll
i 'm sorry to see that this delightful , albeit different , book is out of stock . i would never expect it to be a best seller . nonetheless , the imaginative story and interesting art work are worth a look
i 'd like to know where i can get one of these famous-cities skirts ... especially if they draw in handsome young southern studs like logan bruno
the dvd of your life ! david is great , all are great here , the sound the the images are very good
with present day footage masterfully juxtiposed with much , heretofore unseen , period film , this multi-disc history of the great war breathes life into the first quarter of the twentieth century unlike an i 've seen thus far . we are shown how the echoes of events that occured nearly a century ago still resonate with deafening clarity in our twenty-first century lives . the mistakes which plunged the world into a decades long bloodbath are laid out in a way that describes , in riveting detail , the follies and grave consequenses of cavalier militarism . this series is neither dry or pedantic but illumunates facts with which everyone should be acquainted . perhaps we can avoid a repetition of this debacle
i saw denver in concert in ireland in april '97.i saw him a couple of times before that in the '90 's . it was the last time i would see him in concert sadly . he played solo . it was amazing . i went out and bought this the very next week . denver is in top form both musicially and vocally , as is his band . there are also some interesting monologues peppered throughout the concert where denver shares his concerns about the environment and wildlife preservation . a great performance all round . rca /sony : if good quality sound and vision footage exists of <NUM> 's ( i 'm sure it does ! ) denver concerts , please release it for the fans now
this opera is absolutely amazing . i used it to help process the grief that i experienced due to the death of my closest aunt . it worked
lucero tells it like it is and this documentary captures the essence of the band . it is a great portrayal of a band that is working hard ( touring <NUM> days a year ) to realize their dream of making music
i am happy to report that this is not only better than the other movie versions of the prince and the pauper , but that it is a very good movie . the <NUM> version ( a.k.a . `` the errol flynn version '' ) is quite good , but the ending was boggled by the introduction of an unnecessary and unhelpful delaying action , which was then made worse by being repeated ( ! ) , dispelling the high tension of the climactic end . the twins who played the lead were very appealing but were made to speak in a very phony ( sickeningly sweet ) way . there are also technical limitations , such as the sound quality . i 'd give it <NUM> stars . the <NUM> version with an all-star cast had much going for it . the big stars all played their roles well , but the movie was ruined by using a <NUM> year-old boy to play the <NUM> year-old prince . and he was repellant as well . also , the `` rollicking '' scenes went on a bit too long and too often . i 'd give it <NUM> stars . fortunately ( and for a change ) , the screenwriters learned from these past versions and this version is flawless . the story rolled smoothly , not too fast , not slow , without repetitions or unnecessary delays or needless complications . the twins who played the lead were appealing and played their parts well . all of the cast were good . the color , the photography , the music , the sound -- all good . the ending was just right . this version also added a coda in which the prince of wales kept his various promises made to the several poor people who had been kind to him . bottom line : do n't miss it . also , the whole family can enjoy this one .
stars - set yourself on fire <NUM> out of <NUM> stars to take a cue from the great single that never was , '' elevator love letter '' , from stars ' last under heard/appreciated release , heart . i humbly submit my love letter to stars ' latest magnum opus , set yourself on fire : dear set yourself on fire , you 've got some nerve , coming into my life under the pretense of eletronica and then making me feel something so strong . you grew on me . the last time i felt this way was when i first fell for the beautiful south . your interplay of male/female parts by singers amy millan and torquil campbell is unparalleled now . from the stunning propulsion on your namesake track through the cinematic sensuality of `` the first five times '' , i feel you . i know i 've only known you for a few months , but i feel like we 've been together much longer . i have a massive crush on you . you 're all chill songs , goose bumps and couch dancing fun . you glide into the room with `` your ex lover is dead , but your hopeful closing refrain ( `` calendar girl '' ) is `` i 'm alive ! '' it 's sadly beautiful . you 're an album , a collection of songs that come together to form something greater . taken alone , your songs are great ( `` ageless beauty '' and `` reunion '' ) , but together they are unstoppable . our time together is precious , there 's no wasting it with any clunkers . you 're listenable all the way through , good for driving , headphones , partying and maybe later ... making out ? it 's inspiring , tragic , and heart warming . your strings and horns are hot and the piano , harmonies and glockenspiel are your prettiest eyes . i 'm riding this rollercoaster of mood swings , dancing and tempo shifts . `` i am trying to say what i want to say without having to say ... '' dare i say love , during wartime ? it 's <NUM> and we 're alive . you 're the reason i listen to and look forward to new music . you 're my payoff . what are you doing on saturday ? -- - jeff kami
this book is a gem . it centers on two acts of betrayal , one large , one not -- yet , the small act of unkindness has remained with its perpetrator all his life . wisdom seeps out of the pores of this novel . and i must add that it 's heartbreaking to read reviews like the one below by `` jmack '' who believes that the book `` does not deliver '' -- heartbreaking to think of how many other sublime works of literature he has n't gotten . sad . in any case , do yourself a great favor and read maxwell [ who was , all his adult life , a fiction editor at the new yorker ] . after this one you can read , time will darken it and the volume of collected stories published near the end of his long life .
very funny for woody 's first full length feature . he 's an incompetant bank robber and his wife is a laundress . enjoy
the firemen 's ball is one of a handful of czech films that defined the & quot ; new wave & quot ; era , and had a profound influence on filmmakers and critics around the world . other important films of this period include forman 's & quot ; loves of a blonde , & quot ; jiri menzel 's & quot ; closely watched trains , & quot ; and & quot ; larks on a string & quot ; ( a menzel film that has n't been released on dvd , to my knowledge ) . but firemen 's ball is a personal favorite , probably due to the fact that i lived in the czech republic for five years , and attended similar village balls . the characters in this wicked satire are portrayed with humor , affection and above all a level of realism that remains unsurpassed . in the end , forman does what he does best -- he leaves you torn between laughter and tears . this film is a must-see , especially for those who are interested in understanding how filmmaking evolved in the 60s
this was predictable , i called most times what was going to happen and it did
my opinion is : la chat is a tyte raw female rapper , with <NUM> six adding her to the camp , she brings the murder murder . i have to say she is much much more leathal then gangsta boo . this is a must buy cd if your a tru triple six fan
one of the best of the head-in-a-box genre ( see also `` the head '' ( <NUM> ) victor trivas , dir ; `` the frozen dead '' ( <NUM> ) starring dana andrews ) this particular movie is enlivened by the relentless saxophone score and the notion of a man out shopping for bodies for his decapitated fiancee at strip clubs . hey ! might as well have the best ! the story is straightforward and stupid : a car crash decapitates the fiancee , so of course the only rational response to this predicament is to keep her head alive in a box in the basement . why could n't he keep her body alive , too , then just stitch them back together ? well , the scientist boyfriend must have lost his head because he did n't think about this course of action . or many he was thinking with his little head and seized the opportunity to create a more bodilicious girlfriend with some cut and paste action ! anyway , the girlfriend gets jealous ... watch out for a woman scorned ! `` no baby , it 's not like that . i was at the strip club looking for new bodies for you ! '' yeah right try that out around my house and see what happens . anyway , the plan goes awry and the nasty humanoid critter gets out of the closet ( ohhh i 'm in a cold sweat over that one ) and the movie finally ends . and not with the expected bang , either . fabulous hideous terrible schlock . highly recommended !
i am not kidding ! my dog just sat right in front of the tv and watched this movie from beginning to end ! he really loved this movie a lot and likes to watch it when ever we do . anyway i really like this movie ! the actors are great ! i liked this movie more cuz the star is from jurassic park back in <NUM> . and i liked the intire cat and dog spy stuff . this movie was great and i think you and maybe your dog will like it too
up until today , i would have given this wonderful movie , which we watched in my spanish class , 5+ stars . but i did not at all like the ending ; it very much ruined it for me . i 'm a person who needs closure . yes , this was a movie demonstrating a tragic topic and should be sad . but that was just cruel , to end with the poor little girl singing about how she 's so lost . we do n't know her fate . i also felt that roberto was a sort of villainized character . he had a point about gaby having to lose another mother . i hope that alicia , when she left , was going to get gaby . what i would like to know is what they decided to do with sara , her possible grandmother . again , i need closure ! i was expecting a depressing ending , but not to be left hanging like this ! arghhhhh . i also had a problem with gaby 's having been born in captivity . it makes that scene where the little boys suddenly burst into her room kind of pointless ; it 's meaningful , powerful , and was one of my favorite scenes until i realized she was just startled . i guess it still has meaning , but , i dunno . just my being nitpicky , i guess . i also want to know who pedro was . also , what gaby 's possible parents did that got them arrested . i realize that it could have been something very minor , but it would be nice to know . for all i know they all could have been gun-toting revolutionaries . overall though , it was a wonderful movie and i am considering buying it myself . i especially loved the scenes involving las madres y abuelas de la playa de mayo . and the acting was fantastic . i just am bothered by all of these questions that are never answered
i 'm only familiar w/ the soundtrack from the movie video so far but plan to get the cd . the soundtrack , especially the melodic , casual and deliberate & quot ; bright moon , & quot ; combined with the camera-work and choreography really did it for me . i got used to the higher pitch that the singer used almost immediately . this would make a great cd for the highway
i love this album ! i see in the discussions someone said you would only like this if you are `` bitter and angry '' ... well , that 's not me ... and i love this album . shirley manson is amazing . not only is she gorgeous , she is a fabulous singer , and a great , intelligent writer . although i do n't agree with all the philosophies she puts into her songs ( though yes , i 'm anti-war and think she articulated in `` boys wan na fight '' what 's going on really well , i do n't think a `` free love '' revolution will solve anything on personal or political levels ... '' sex is not the enemy '' is a great song music-wise though ... end tangent ) , i think she 's a great example for women in many ways . we 're not all waiting for a man to come along and `` make it all better . '' we 're not all demure . shirley 's lyrics express that in a society that does not accept it . go shirley . i have heard people complain that this album is more straight-up rock n'roll and less `` electronic '' than 2.0 , but that is the hallmark of a great band . the beatles had `` sgt . pepper '' as well as `` let it be '' . led zeppelin did `` black dog '' as well as `` tangerine . '' great bands have range . garbage is the only band i love that came out of the <NUM> 's . and they 're still rockin ' in the <NUM> 's . listening to this album has helped me alot through some recent times . there are some very uplifting songs , as well as some songs that are so deep , true , and sad that they make me cry . beautifully written . i saw garbage in concert in spring '05 . shirley manson is even more jaw-droppingly captivating in person . rock on , garbage ! and thank you for all the great music .
what i find so amusing from some of the one star reviews is the assertion that mr. moore used creative editing of this movie to somehow distort the facts , and therefore the entire premise and basis of this documentary is null and void . the man is not only making a video to entertain you ( and this is wildly entertaining , in a factual and hilarious way ) but it also rests in an unarguable fact , the closure of the gm plants in flint michigan and the devastating impact it brought with it . whether or not you like they style of moore 's presentation , it is witty , backed by appropriately titled music and shows the almost incomprehensible response on the part of the city of flint at this loss of future revenue ( or , more bluntly , its threatened economic survival ) and in the joining the impact that corporate america can have on the lives of its citizens and the coldly calculated , dollars and cents approach to the bottom line , moore succeeds in showing the viewer how both work with each other , as you often can not have one without having both .
every tune is fab ! thankfully , the remastering has not diminished the old scratchy sound typically found in recordings from this era . this is why i hate most modern jazz . this has genuine feeling , a raw sound , natural flow , and catchy licks -- things lacking these days , imo . pick this up if you are not a huge jazz collector , but just wish to add something worthwile to your otherwise ecclectic collection of music
a stunning album . yes , it 's & quot ; free & quot ; and & quot ; out , & quot ; but it 's also very lyrical and emotional music . one of hutcherson 's best performances , by the way . tip : if dave holland 's & quot ; conference of the birds & quot ; is one of your favorite albums , you have to hear this
this is a traditional telling of the life of jesus , from before his birth to the resurrection . the cinematography is breathtaking , the color , the costuming , the writing aided by carl sandberg is flawless and inspired and the scene of jesus weeping and then raising lazarus from the dead is awe inspiring . it was this scene which motivated me to write this review . rather than showing us a thunderous awakening from the dead within the tomb , stevens has jesus lift the hem of his toga and make the difficult climb up a rocky bluff , puffing all the way to the tomb on top of a hill . once there , jesus strikes a pose made popular by the style of ivan mestrovic and the french bronze sculptors of the mid twentieth century . when jesus reaches the high tomb , stevens and sandberg compose a masterpiece of prayer to the god of life before jesus calls out , `` lazarus ! come forth ! '' but in striking juxtaposition , stevens pulls back the camera , hundreds of feet from the tomb showing jesus , the son of the almighty , as a mere speck against the infinity of the countryside , let alone the universe , much as the fist fight between charlton heston and gregory peck in big country , shows the scale of man to god 's work . however , as jesus calls-out lazarus instead of seeing him rise , we see the wonderment , the bewilderment , the fear and love of men at the prospect of one man raising another from the abyss . we see in the crowd , as the camera dollies , rolls and scans , the faces of the believers , the unbelievers , the doubters and the ever faithful , their reactions to a man dead three days , reawakened by an act of god , brought forth by a human being , favored by god . how much more effective was this direction ? rather than a straw man of seeing the dead rise , we see instead how people like us would react to such a thing , the awe , the tears of joy , the fear , the love , the attempts to reconcile with reality , the unbelievable . there was no better way to show the spectacle and that scene alone is a must-see for an aspiring artist or film director . my only complaint about the film is a nitpicky one , jesus ' ( max von sydow ) hair is too short . if you believe , clap your hands , and even if you do n't , its worth the <NUM> minutes of your time . i saw the film with friends when it came out in <NUM> and own the vhs and dvd , and watched it with a group , one of which was a self-proclaimed atheist-he had tears in his eyes at the lazarus scene . 4.75 star
this dvd has <NUM> great episodes including : shadow dance retreat the hex factor and day of reckoning parts one and two buy this great dvd
being scottish , maybe i 'm biased but this is a brilliant , laugh out loud funny , film . i looked at its reviews on the us amazon site just to see what the americans made of it - especially the accents . they 're really not that `` thick '' as many reviewers state - i think even viewers from england understood them . also , trainspotting is intentionally funny ; our sense of humour is not the same as yours though . do n't even think of reading the book if you found the accents unintelligible - its full of colloquial scots ( not scotch - thats the drink ) .theres also many even more gruesome scenes in the book than in the film .
jd souther , chris hillman and richie furay had a history in the musicbusiness before they joined the shf-band and it did n't do any harm i have to tell you . the album was hyped at the time , maybe the reason the group did n't reach to its full potential . the album still hit # <NUM> in the bb album charts in <NUM> with furays '' fallin ' in love ' being their only hitsingle . there 's more here than just that one 'heavenly fire ' 'deep , dark and dreamless ' being beautiful richly harmony filled country ballads 'border town ' and 'safe at home ' hard rocking popsongs which might as well have been recorded by poco or the eagles . maybe that was the main problem : although all <NUM> songs where written by groupmembers , the sound was not unique . never the less this group deserves recognition for providing at an excellent collection of <NUM> beautiful songs on one album . a huge accomplishment in a period in which fans of the more succesful groups had to do with one or two gems on one lp . they could saved their money and just bought this one
on what 's left of me , nick lachey sings about lost love and heartbreak for they whole duration of the cd . this is his version of no doubt 's tragic kingdom cd . every song is about a broken relationship . the lyrics are very good and the songs are also very well done . do n't buy this cd if you are looking for his soulo upbeat fluff . the tone of this cd is sad . most of the songs are ballads . but not slow ballads more like pop rock power ballads . he has a great voice . it is strong and has a great tone . out of every boy-bander i have ever heard i would say he has the most talent . not only is his voice strong but it is also great because he sounds like a man not a girl , ( i.e . justin timberlake ) . the stand out tracks are : i ca n't hate you anymore , on your own , and beautiful . the rest of the songs are good too . this cd finally makes him a legitimate music star
this is the complete and compelling story of the <NUM> u.s. hockey team . the impact their victory had on american citzens at the time can not be measured . the movie makes good use of footage and interviews with the main participants
a must have . i enjoyed and loved ever minute . it does need widescreen . but that is the only flaw . `` ... and really bad eggs , drink up me hearties yo ho ! ! ! '' this video is just at the end of standard definition and actually surpasses what sd can do . i really need the hi def disk . i suggest buying both , this is that good . i loved every nanosecond of it
this is a well done soundtrack ... my only complaint about it is that the violin parts can get a bit tedious ... but i guess they are really good because i did n't even notice them when i saw the movie ... so ... overall ... very good ! ... also a very creepy them
one of the best performances jim carrey has given . a very good concept for a film . funny , refreshing , original and very well done . i felt it could have been a lot better with a little less comedy and a little more drama to get the point across better but still a must see for any jim carrey fan . great acting , casting , screenplay and filming . i recommend it
i have n't finished listening to this cd , it 's playing as i type now . much that i 've heard lacking in a lot of recordings from the late 70s when mr rollins seemed to be exploring a more popular sound for younger audiences has been recaptured and reshaped , that tone and timbre , his big , full sound , the wonderful improvisation , the sly americana references , the calypso blends , it 's all here . and my best regards to the group , bob cranshaw on bass , steve jordan on drums , bobby broom-guitar , kimati dinizulu-percussionist , and to clifton anderson on trombone , who really knows what it 's all about
professor briggs provides a fresh analysis of lincoln 's speeches -- a subject that is always a joy to study . abraham lincoln had a life-long compulsion to improve his persuasive abilities . he was constantly studying , constantly seeking a simple eloquence that could persuade ordinary people to adopt great ideas . dr. briggs ably unpacks lincoln 's speeches , showing lincoln 's increasing rhetorical skill . professor briggs also shows how the substance of lincoln 's ideas improved over time , due no doubt to his same addiction to self-improvement . lincoln wrestled with many great issues of his day , including national expansion , economic development , the railroads and the mexican war . finally he grappled with slavery , the immense moral dilemma that the founders , the federalists and the whigs had been unable to solve . the civil war drew upon all the rhetorical skills lincoln had developed . his oratory infused the north with moral purpose , a determination that ultimately saved the union and freed the slaves . a lifetime of intellectual , moral and rhetorical improvement broke the back of slavery , giving a priceless gift to the nation he loved . briggs ' study illustrates all this remarkably well
my son and i watch lost together , one or two episodes at a time , on dvd to avoid commercials and to keep the plot continuity that is hard to do when you are watching weekly on tv . after we finished season one , we did n't think it would be possible for season two to match it . however , it did not disappoint . it 's hard to write a review of lost without throwing in spoilers , but i 'm going to try to give the essence of season two without ruining any of the secrets . season two finds the survivors of oceanic flight <NUM> uncovering more secrets about 'the others ' . there are additional characters . i wo n't say where they come from , but be prepared for a shock . each lost character carries personal baggage , has what might be called a tragic flaw , and in season two , these flaws begin to get larger on some and to be overcome by some . also , some characters deviate from what makes them good and become almost bad . the writing and acting are outstanding . it never ceases to amaze me how much of the acting on lost is not spoken . the characters give <NUM> % of their communication and clues about themselves through the way they react before speaking , or their body language , even such little things as a raised eyebrow . this minimalist dialog requires great acting , and the lost cast is one of the best . they certainly justify what must be a gargantuan payroll for the producers . there are more twists and turns on season two than season one , which had to spend more time on character development . be prepared to go back and see flashbacks from season one in more detail , or from the angle of another person , and also be prepared for sequences that cross levels of consciousnes -- some where you think the character is dreaming , but is n't , and some where you think the characters are acting , but are dreaming . great color , sound , location , scripting , acting , suspense . highly recommended . five stars
superman returns is a must have if you just recently bought a blu-ray player . i heard many negative comments about blu-ray as compared to hddvd before i bought my ps3 . i still have not seen an hddvd so i am not going to say anything negative about it , but as far as blu-ray every movie i have seen has blown me away . not only is the picture amazing , but the sound on my surround system is also much better . like i said this movie looks particularly awesome . i also recommend invincible on blu-ray
i think it 's quite obvious at this point that slayer is an unstoppable machine of headbanging bliss that has little chance of losing its massive fanbase . they 've come to be loved for their uncomprimisingly brutal take on thrash metal and the fact that they stick to their guns like no other band . even when a hint of change is detected in their work , it 's still slayer and it 's still satisfying . this strength is especially apparent with diabolus in musica . slayer has been going at it for over twenty years , and most of their songs have followed a strict code of conduct -- namely the speed . some people complain that dim leaves this aspect of slayer 's talent behind . not so . it only reduces the amount of it -- and what 's so bad about that ? the trademark thrashing style is still found here , only it 's accompanied by more of the slower , brooding riffs and drum work that , in earlier releases , did n't really dominate . does slower mean less heavy ? absolutely not . i think it actually helps the music and gives it a darker feel . not to mention makes the faster parts even more pronounced . for one thing , the myth of `` slower equals boring '' is clearly busted throughout the album . as far as the music and song structure goes , i did n't think it sounded like `` filler '' material at all . these are classics in their own right . you ca n't expect reign in blood or other definitive slayer albums to be surpassed , and i think the band is well aware of that . the riffs are still heavy , mean , and at times -- in a completely non-melodic way -- even catchy . the lyrics and vocal work are also a nice touch . with dim , araya is leaning more toward the shouting style that would later take on practically every line in god hates us all . a little more like a mix , though , between the old and new . the only low points in the singing were the breathy , moaning tones he used sometimes ( thank goodness this usage was rare ) . it reminded me of marilyn manson or even some of these numetal bands . but by all means , contrary to common criticism , dim is far beyond numetal . as mentioned before , it 's still obvious slayer material , just a bit evolved . luckily , the lyrics stay firmly planted in that moody , anti-religious , almost poetic atmosphere slayer has always had . and as for the whole `` get lombardo back on drums '' deal , i did n't find bostaphs 's playing to be a problem at all . he adds his own taste in there , with some pretty good double bass throughout the album . so for those thinking that the absence of lombardo might kill the mood , do n't worry . the whole band delivers the goods as usual . then again , how could they not ? diabolus in musica is a pleasant surprise . while it is easily overshadowed by the slayer `` classics '' , it stills lives up to the legendary band . it never falls off the line of hard'n'heavy mayhem that fans love , yet manages to give a little bit of an alternative approach at the same time . no matter the differences , it is a fine piece of metal and belongs in every slayer fan 's collection
milestones is a transitional recording . sandwiched betweeen round about midnight and kind of blue , it features miles with coltrane and cannonball just before miles ' move to a pure modal approach on kind of blue . for me the title tune is a stunner and it has become something of a jazz anthem for good reason . the contrast between adderly 's melodic playing , coltrane 's harsher approach and the perfectly understated trumpet of miles davis is one of those moments in musical history that make you shake your head in wonder . the treatment given monk 's straight no chaser is fantastic . this is right up there as one of my favorite miles recordings
this book created a revolution in city-planning when it was published in the early sixties . jacobs loved the city that she saw from her hudson and eleventh street apartment new york city apartment . this was not the city that the master planners burnham , mumford etc idolized . her city was small stores , and businesses , and the greatest possible diversity of buildings and architectural styles . people doing all kinds of different things . life on the move . density and diversity . short blocks and lots of people out walking on different destinations .
i love this film and have always wanted to make a sequel , i 'm just a little miffed that they took out the eurythmics music . according to one reviewer it was on the insistence of the director , now grant it i do also like muldowney 's score ( and own that particular s-track ) and feel the newly replaced tracks work well in maintaining a bleak a-tonal atmosphere , i still sorely miss the eurythmics music and feel radford should have left it as it is or at least made sure mgm included a 2nd audio track version . this could be another unusual case of an artist not being the best judge of his own work , at least in my opinion i feel the eurythmics ' added a unique flavor and spirit to the film . i can understand at the time radford may have had studio pressure to use them as was overly common practice for just about any film made in the <NUM> 's to have a slapped on pop tune soundtrack from whoever the hottest flavor of the year was . still i think this film was an unusual exception , interesting coincidence in the same year another pop group ( toto ) surprised many with a great score for dune .
john cleese brings his signature brand of humor together with interesting and thought-provoking interviews to create such an interesting mini-series about the face - why is it beautiful ( or not ) ? what do expressions mean ? do they mean the same thing to everyone ? who is the best at knowing if people tell the truth - or if they lie ? what would life be like if you could n't recognize the faces of friends ? why are facial deformities so `` problematic '' for societies - is it because of their elevated importance of beauty , or is there a different reason ? this fascinating video will answer all these and more , leave you laughing ... and actually make you smarter by the time its over . support given by the undeniably beautiful and witty elizabeth hurley , funny man michael palin , and others round out the experience . i could n't recommend this movie more
poirot is given a case by his old pal spence which takes him to a small village , where the fussy detective must unravel clues behind a crime in which the main suspect has already been arrested and sentenced ... hercule 's indignities at the run down boarding house he 's staying at make up the bulk of the story 's humor , but the mystery is great fun , too and i doubt anyone can guess the killer , unless you 're paying amazingly close attention . the characters here are some of agatha 's most entertaining , and mrs oliver , with her uncanny intuition , always makes a nice flighty side kick ..
perhaps teething just a tad over the top , goldfinger , unlike its two predecessors brought to the screen a polished , gourmet spy in james bond . no other cinematic spy comes close to sean connery 's james bond as portrayed in goldfinger . this movie has everything , beautiful and sexy women , cool cars , villainous villains , gadgets-gadgets-gadgets , surprises , and sean connery . the plot became the standard in bond formulas , much to all of our chagrins , but the story is pretty close to the original novel released by ian fleming in <NUM> . this is easily the best secret-agent spy movie ever made , and for many reasons . it is cinematically beautiful . it has much daring-do for bond to get in and out of . the music is incredibly on target and set the stage for all bond movies to follow . the women are incredible . the level of acting is top notch , from all performers . in fact , one of the great things about this film is that gerte frobe , who plays goldfinger , did n't speak of word of english , and his lines are dubbed in , but you would never know it by watching the movie . such an incredible flick . highly recommended . that is , if there is a single person out there over the age of <NUM> who has not yet seen this masterpiece
some terrific songs are included , but there are many missing -- - especially `` the continental '' which was in the movie . i ca n't finding the complete song anywhere . why did they omit it on the cd ?
greatly funny ! ! ! a must get ! ! ! hillarious ! ! ! wow and a ha ha ! ! ! i recomend this movie to all who love rock and to all who love comedy ... and those who love both to
i have to admit being a new yorker i have never have had to live with knowing my team would never win the big one and instead would always lose in the most crushing ways possible . but this dvd had me cracking up the whole way through . its amazing to watch these fans live for a team that can not ever get over the hump . but towards the end i started feeling really bad for all these people . cause you could see the anguish in their eyes , and in their faces . this team really means a lot to them . the fact that it is the brass ring ( in this case winning a world series ) none of them will ever be able to grab left me feeling bad for them . having said that i still laughed about as hard as i ever have at a dvd . my dad , and i have watched it several times and we still laugh like crazy
this movie presents a real moral dilemna .. should students who have always been thought of as losers take a chance and cheat . the teacher has the toughest decision to make-weather to let his students cheat and what to do if they get caught . jeff daniels plays the part well-showing how he is torn-wanting his students to get recognition and wanting to teach them right from wrong . this movie has moral questions that we all face
how do you take a book as psychologically nuanced and sublte as whitley streiber 's 'communion ' and translate it into a successful film ? judging by the reception it received in theaters across america upon its '89 release and again by the numerous negative reviews here on amazon.com the answer appears to be you do n't . i guess i 'll have to disagree with the majority consensus . in my opinion director philipe mora has done an admirable job in visualizing mr. streiber 's disquieting , otherwordly visions , providing us with a disturbing glimpse into the world of ufo 's and their occupants . much of the disappointment and animosity expressed towards this film is due to the ambigious nature of the ufo phenomenon and the directors insistence on leaving it that way . to try and pin down or label psychic experiences is to lose forever the essence of these primal encounters . in such matters we can only ask the questions fully knowing we will never receive the final , definitive answer . are they from outer space , or someplace much closer to home ? it is left for the viewer to decide
at first : when i bought the first season of the oc i did not know it . but then i watched the first episode and i loved it . all the characters play so realistic . each episode is different . sometimes it 's funny but is also often serious . after i watched all episodes i felt really sad , because i wanted to know how it goes on . but know the second season is out so i have more than <NUM> hours oc to watch . of course there are extras in the box like interviews and something like that . and the quality of the discs is also great . i have never bought better dvds than this . the oc is the best you can buy on dvd . and one of the best points is the very great price because you get almost <NUM> hours .
i have seen princess mononoke on t.v. , and it rocks ! it 's just awesome like all the other movies that japanese guy makes
anyone who wants to know more about weed . needs to get this . you will understand how much good comes from leagle hem
the funniest dry humor on tv . the season just does n't have enough episodes ! but who are we kidding , i could watch these episodes again and again . my favorite- `` the alliance '' . enjoy !
having gotten his magic songwriting touch back with freedom , neil finds the mystic of his avalanching guitar sound with ragged glory . the album is awesome and fits perfectly alongside neil 's best work with the horse
this music is totally light-hearted and hugely enjoyable . track <NUM> is so cool and track <NUM> is kind of spooky . i only wish more tracks from the film were in it
this is oe of my favorite suspense authors . i wish she would write faster . i really have enjoyed all of her books . they are well written and interesting , exciting stories . definitely recommended
winner of the national book critics circle award in <NUM> , this thoughtful character novel focuses on macon leary , a travel writer who hates to travel , a man who has gone through life observing what is happening , but who has never been truly engaged . compulsively tidy , macon has always believed that it is possible to order one 's life so effectively that the untidiness , or chaos , that throws life into confusion can be avoided . and then his beloved 12-year-old son is cold-bloodedly murdered in the senseless robbery of a burger joint while he is away at camp for the first time . it gives away nothing of the plot to say that this event totally undoes macon and his wife , and their polite and predictable marriage goes into a tailspin . when the novel opens , macon and sarah have decided to separate , with sarah getting her own apartment ( where she can be as messy as she wants ) and macon remaining in the house with his son ethan 's undisciplined dog edward . in fact , macon has moved back with his sister and brothers in the family house , to recuperate from his physical wounds -- an accident in which he breaks his leg -- and from his emotional wounds . then into his life comes muriel , a divorcee with an over-protected , allergic , and hypersensitive son . she is a dog trainer , a flake , the only person willing to undertake the task of civilizing the aggressive , sometimes vicious `` pet '' that lives with macon . as macon tries to deal with his life , his loss of sarah ( who is dating ) , his son 's dog ( which attacks anything that moves ) , and his commitment to producing yet another travel book , his life becomes more complicated , and the depth of his relationship with sarah , relative to the shared loss they have faced , becomes an issue which must be revisited if he is ever to engage with life and explore the possibilities of a new life which muriel offers . filled with wonderful descriptions of life , both within macon 's family and in europe , where he travels for research , the novel provides the reader with a full , realistic picture of marriage between people whose relationship has been , in part , the result of their commitment to their son . poignant and emotional , but avoiding melodrama , the novel explores the meaning of life and love , the extent to which a marriage may limit or stimulate the growth of the people involved , and the ways in which a marriage must adapt to the new needs of the participants if it is to endure through time . n mary whipple
i heard this cd when i was watching an indoor track meet . one of my dad 's runners showed me the cd and i listened to it . my mom bought it for me back in <NUM> as one of the first cds i ever had . it is probably the best classical music cd i have ever owned or to which i have listened . if you run cross country or track this cd is a must as it gets you going gradually , especially the song `` titles . '' a must cd for runners and anyone else who likes nice classical background music .
the occasion of this concert was momentous , and what better way to celebrate than with beethoven 's magnificent ninth symphony and its customized `` ode to freedom '' . i grew up on bernstein 's `` young people 's concerts '' and have had a special place in my heart for him ever since . it was startling for me to see him looking sickly at this concert . but in spite of his obvious physical discomfort , he threw himself into the music with full passion , sometimes conducting with his whole body - dancing and jumping at times - and pulled off a heroic performance
this is an excellent way to get yourself moving ! we all have to start somewhere , and this is a good way to do it
this book is a really good book but it is n't the best . stacey 's dad tells her to pick a place to go on vacation to . she picks davis park because that 's where her boyfriend is working at . she brings claudia along.but then stacey spends all her time with robert and claudia 's mad . then kristy , shannon , and mary anne arrive for the fourth of july and claudia gets them on her side . now no one 's talking to stacey.can they ever be friends again ? read this book to find out
i think it is a great movie . i bought it for my grandson he loved it
the preface of this book reveals that the author 's daughter & quot ; completed three fascinating and challenging years as an analyst for enron corporation. & quot ; indeed
i really liked this one , an improvement over the first x-men which was also good . there was plenty of stuff exploding , lots of flying , lots of fighting , snappy dialog , with the characters being just developed enough to fulfill their roles without slowing the pace . patrick stewart shined as always . the sound design was not exactly murch territory but it was basically perfect for an action-blockbuster type of movie , with great balance , and not an over-reliance on dramatic 'over the head ' or ping-pong effects . now for a couple of small cons : a tiny gripe is magneto 's costume , it was incredibly cheap and dumb looking . they did kind of 'save ' this with a line from pyro , but still ... the most interesting opportunity for any actual drama was the subplot about striker 's son , especially as he controlled the illusory little girl , and then he was just gone . i went back and looked for more shots and they just left that story in the dirt . really , probably another thirty seconds on the character and i would n't even complain given that this was an action flick . overall though it was really enjoyable . ' a thrill a minute ' . best line : 'velcro . nice . '
we actually received this book when cheerios gave it away on the front of their box . it has turned into one of our favorite books . i am not surprised that john lithgow could be funny , but i love that he writes for children too . so get off of your fann-atee and buy this book .
louis malle 's sensitive and delicate look at sexual initiation . set in <NUM> , benoit ferreux plays a 14-year-old boy from dijon ; his father is a cold , uncaring gynecologist ; his mother ( played brilliantly by lea massari ) is a free spirit . he contracts scarlet fever , which cause a heart murmur , and goes with his mother for a cure to a hotel/spa . he meets some girls there , and massari openly sees a lover ; she does n't hide anything about this from him - in fact , she openly solicits his sympathies when she leaves her lover rather than go off with him . massari 's and ferreux 's closeness is gradually developed until they go to bed together . this act of incest is a special moment for both , and malle must be praised for not exploiting it or making it sordid . massari , as i said , is excellent , and it 's not an easy role to play . the movie is both a commentary on the vapidness of the french bourgeoisie and an affirmation of life on a personal level . there is also a great charlie parker musical score . a wonderful movie all around
very good movie . great acting & plot . very touching . i am very glad i own this movie . i will watch it very often
... loved this record all my life . i 'm in my mid-30 's now but fondly remember this from the early seventies , when my mum used to play it at my grandparents house . it evokes some very warm memories ... vaguely remember watching the film on tv too but it must have been a very long time ago . bacharach 's trademark orchestration runs throughout the album , the sudden burst of trumpet on the opening track followed by a crescendo as the strings come in made me fill up with tears ... i had n't heard this album since i was about ten and it seemed as fresh as yesterday ! the instrumental break in 'share the joy ' as the strings rise to a real high point never fail to make the hairs stand up on my arms , what a lovely lovely piece of music . the vocal performances too ... flawed as they are , are perfect for the songs ... they seem more natural and 'human ' than some perfect operatic performance . sally kellerman 's vocal is a great example of this . i 'd always assumed that peter finch , liv ullmann , olivia hussey et al had actually performed the songs but now thanks to the superb sleeve notes i now know better ... it shattered my illusions a little but hey ... it still sounds as if it 's a stage actor trying his best to sing on 'it might frighten her away ' and i love it ! ! ! i was slightly worried that listening to this soundtrack again after so long might be a let down ... i need n't have worried ... a superb bit of 'bacharach & david ' for old romantics everywhere . here 's to us all finding our own shangri-la out there somewhere .
wow , what an inspiring book . it was recommended to me by a south african , whose ethnic background is caucasian , that to learn about south africa 's recent history and culture , one should read this book . this book is truly amazing and very , very informative . the civil rights struggle for equality and equal treatment is vividly depicted . the decades spent to peacefully open the government policies so that the citizens of the country can equally share the benefits and contribute to the improvement of their society is remarkable . one important point is that many individuals did not share their government 's oppressive policies and many , regardless of ethnic background , supported mr. mandela . his ability to unite a divided country is truly inspiring . if one wants to learn how difficult it is to live as a second class citizen , with very restrictive policies in a police state , this book is it . we in the us are very fortunate to have many freedoms and opportunities that we often take for granted . after reading this book , i am very thankful that we are a united country where we promote based on a person 's ability to perform , not their ethnic or religious background . reading colin powell 's autobiography `` my american journey '' one also gets a good view on how we in the us can achieve based on our own accomplishments once given a open , honest , and fair opportunity to perform our job .
if you were stunned by `` gridlinked , '' and left awe-struck by `` the line of polity , '' then i guarantee you wo n't be disappointed with `` brass man . '' picking up almost immediately after the end of line , it continues the saga of ecs agent ian cormac , and weaves narratives for many characters introduced in the previous two novels - plus several fascinating new ones - into an extremely satisfying whole . best of all , it brings back one of the most unique and enigmatic of all of asher 's creations - the flawed yet noble golem twenty-five , mr. crane
wonderful band out of poland . i do have a few minor detractions to this album ( as well as their last one ) ; <NUM> ) i think with a little bit better mix and master these guys could really break very well into north america . <NUM> ) i could easily do without the opening 35-40 sec . of whispering . if the album had started right away with the beautiful a-capella that is the opening track `` after '' , easily could 've developed a much more receptive mood from the listener imo . highly recommended .
my daughter ( now 2-1/2 ) started watching this dvd at <NUM> months . within three weeks she not only knew all her upper- and lowercase letters , but she was also obsessed with letters . we have the foam `` puzzle piece '' letters that go on the floor - she would pick out her favorite and take it to bed at night or have to carry it to the store . she watched the video obsessively for a few months until she 'd had enough , and now at nearly three she still knows all her letters in spite of not watching the video anymore . she was similarly enamored with the numbers ( meet the numbers ) and colors ( meet the colors ) and learned each in rapid succession . we went to the eye doctor several weeks ago , and the nurse was astounded that a two-year-old could actually ( and easily ) read the letters on the eye chart . we 've now started our <NUM> month old watching this video . she is a little young , but has really started talking so she 's in the right developmental timeframe . she has nowhere near the attention span and focus of our older daughter , yet she , too , is mesmerised by this video and is becoming obsessed with letters . it is truly amazing . we are giving this dvd as a baby shower gift to everyone we know who is expecting
we have enjoyed another of eric carle 's books -- brown bear brown bear what do you see -- since my son was a few weeks old . so , when my son was about <NUM> months old , i bought from head to toe . it was a wonderful purchase ! after a few reads , my son was imitating the animals just like his mama -- waving his arms like a monkey and on his hands and knees like the cat . it was so wonderful for me to see that my son was understanding and processing the books i read to him .
i have found that anything that jegg golub does is absolutely wonderful . he has managed to take artist like eric claptan , johnny lang , stevie ray von , bb king , seagar and the list goes on , and gives you alittle of everyones style all in one song and then mixes his own style in to boot . all of his work is a must hear . if you like soul , blues , and jazz . here ya go . brenda burnet
commissioned . one of the greatest groups of all time . really gives it to you with this album . with lush flowing ballads such as , & quot ; do you still love me & quot ; and , & quot ; crucified with christ. & quot ; this album also gives you bangin ' joints such as , & quot ; irreplaceable love & quot ; and , & quot ; i can love agin. & quot ; this cd gives you all that you need , and will really help you with your walk with christ . this is the year <NUM> , and i still rate this album ( done in <NUM> ) number one out of all my music i have at home . in church or out of church , i encurage you to buy this album . you wont be disapointed
`` forensic files of batman '' truly is an entertaining read . people often forget about batman 's intelligence , overfocusing on the action elements of the dark knight genre . while some readers and reviewers are nitpicking on little details ( e.g . commissioner gordon still working , no mention of robin , etc . ) , this book is meant for all , not just diehard fans . if you like good detective short stories or are a general batman fan , this book is for you .
the best part of the movie was when the sentances were carried out . the men who did the atrocities to the jews deserved so much more but got what they deserved in the long run . i absolutly love this movie and the book .
i love this movie . i love it when john travolta and oliva are together . this is an old show but a goodi
`` the fantasy film worlds of george pal '' ( <NUM> - <NUM> minutes ) , written , produced and directed by arnold leibovit , is a spectacular documentary about the life and workmanship of the director george pal . it presents some very cool testimonies of rod taylor , ray bradbury , tony curtis , joe dante , barbara eden , ray harryhausen , roy disney , charlton heston , walter lantz , janeth leigh , tonny randall , gene roddenberry and robert wise . originally an architect , the hungarian george pal ( 1908-1980 ) is one of the best references of the fantastic cinema and the animation in stop-motion . pal became famous in europe for his advertising films using animation of dolls , technique named by him as `` puppetoons '' . the first one of them , in <NUM> , was a great success and showed cigarettes dancing . running away from the second world war , the director went to united states where he began to work to paramount pictures . he started making a series of short animations and soon he was producing and directing movies , always with his particular touch of fantasy and special effects . during five decades pal produced and/or directed classics as `` war of the worlds '' , `` seven faces of doctor lao '' , `` destination moon '' , `` the time machine '' , `` conquest of space '' , `` when worlds collide '' , `` atlantis : the lost continent '' , '' sinbad `` , '' aladdin '' and `` the wonderful worlds of brothers grimm '' . `` the power '' ( <NUM> ) and `` doc savage '' ( <NUM> ) were his last productions . an indispensable documentary . www.enigmasonline.com/enigmidia
i just like dutch sheets ' style - not as militant as the inside cover blurbs , and yet still pressing and urgent enough to pull you in and make you think this stuff through for yourself . good follow-up to intercessory prayer . and in times like these ( post-09/11/2001 usamerica , after the wtc/pentagon attacks ) , we definitely need men and women in the towers , watching and alert
i absolutely love this workout dvd . it is by far my favorite . the music is fun , janis is a wonderful instructor and her kickoboxing moves really pump up my cardio . i highly recommend this one for people who like kickboxing . plus the bonus is that each segment is <NUM> minutes , so you can do it all or mix and match
you will not find a more spectacular looking hd-dvd . this is the movie to have to show off your hd system to your friends . simply amazing . pay no attention to the trolls who give this one star , they are just trying to promote blu-ray and have most likely not even seen this movie on hd-dvd .
i have read most of kosinski 's works of fiction , and i must say that this is one of my favorites . it is more along the lines of steps or the cockpit , but it is a little more experimental in its story telling . there are different narrators , both first and third person , who tell the story of a very wealthy young man 's journey through life . like the characters in steps and the cockpit , waylen is very self absorbed and often performs horrifying acts of revenge on those who get in his way . i would recommend this book to anyone
what else can i say ? sixth sense was bearable , the village was not . signs was the stupidest movie ever made . lady in the water was an emotional roller coaster that made even the harshest cynic in our family weep with sorrow and laugh till he cried , often transfering directly from one to the other . paul giamatti could n't be better
i was given this book recently and have to say it is probably the most inspirational travel book i have seen for many years . as a founder of an adventure travel company ( intrepid travel ) i see many books of this ilk - but this is altogether different and better . the pictures are fantastic and the copy very rreadable . it looks at <NUM> destinatiions - some mainstream , some off the beaten track . it makes you want to travel
supertramp 's seventh album entitled paris was released in october of <NUM> . the album was recorded in november of <NUM> in paris , france at the pavillion on the final night of the band 's breakfast in america european tour . paris is a wonderful live set , capturing the band at the peak of their popularity when co-leader/guitarist/vocalist/keyboardist roger hodgson was still with the group . when you consider that the possibility of hodgson returning to supertramp these days very doubtful , paris becomes a more important live document of the band , indeed . many great supertramp classics are included in this live two disc set , such as most of <NUM> 's grand breakthrough crime of the century ( the spirited opener school , bloody well right , hide in your shell , asylum , dreamer , rudy and the closing crime of the century which closes this live album ) , three songs from <NUM> 's highly underrated followup crisis ? what crisis ? ( ai n't nobody but me , a soapbox opera and two of us ) , two from <NUM> 's gold selling us breakthrough even in the quietest moments ( from now on and fool 's overture ) , and three from the # <NUM> multi-platinum selling breakfast in america ( the monster hit the logical song , the title cut and the top <NUM> smash take the long way home ) plus one exclusive song called you started laughing which was not found anywhere else save the b-side to a song called lady from crisis ? what crisis ? . hodgson and co-leader/keyboardist/vocalist rick davies sing their hearts out and play their respective keyboards with great passion , and hodgson also serves up some incredible fretwork on the guitar . co-horts john helliwell on saxophones/clarinets/occasional keyboards , additional backing vocals and band mc ( he does the stage bantering here , especially his humorous intro to breakfast in america ) , drummer bob c. benberg and bass player dougie thomson have terrific interplay with hodgson and davies , helping to bring the band 's great melodic music to life in tremendous fashion . just like on their studio albums , the band totally cook live in concert , too . the songs on here rival their studio counterparts , especially on rudy which is played at a faster speed than the studio version on the roger/rick vocal duel section . paris did well peaking at # <NUM> on the album charts ( going gold right away ) and is one of my top <NUM> favorite live rock albums ever , especially with the remastering on this album . highly recommended !
as a matter of fact martin zweig is one of the few phds who 's `` able '' to explain even somewhat complicated subjects in plain words . the same thing ca n't be said about the contemporary authors of various market , finance or economics books published over the last years . hands down , this is one of the best and one of the most ( again ) simple books ever written on wall street . it provided me with new insights on different aspects of trading and economics in general , like the four percent model indicator , the monetary model , the mutual funds cash/assets ratio , the three crucial conditions for bear markets . there were also other brief and concise ideas which seem to stand the test of time , like `` it 's ok to monitor the crowd and go against it , but you only want to do so when the crowd is extremely one-sided '' , `` recognizing the relationship between trends and the industries that might benefit from them can lead to above normal returns '' , `` if you could just eliminate the worst <NUM> % of all stocks and choose even randomly from the rest , you would certainly beat the market '' . and the most surprising of them all ( at least to me ) : `` there seems to be some inborn reasoning in wall street that better profits mean higher stock prices , but this simply is not true in aggregate . the best gains made in bull markets tend to come in the first six months of a fresh bull market , when profits are usually declining '' . but when it comes to the brass tacks of his methodology , i think the best part of this book is the one about scanning the financial section . his method of picking the winners by simply checking the latest quarterly figures in company sales and earnings in the daily financial section of the wall street journal or the new york times and the process he goes through afterwards , until deciding in the end which ones to buy is simple , yet very powerful . i do n't know why , but almost every single page of this book reminded me of the legendary jesse livermore and his valuable and immortal lessons . after reading m. zweig 's book you 'll never invest the same way as before . `` winning on wall street '' is an intelligent and insightful investing book , yet simple to understand . rather than trying to razzle-dazzle the reader , this book explains why it is so important to stick to simple concepts and rules such as `` buy strength and sell weakness , stay in gear with the tape , the trend is your friend , etc '' ; rules you have read and heard about a gazillion times before , but which are so easy to violate ! as a trader once said : `` the market is the train , so be the caboose '' .
as an executive coach and facilitator of leadership transformation , i was inspired my the author 's personal journey of growth and transformation . the feel was authentic , and reflected a deep committment to fulfilling a higher purpose . i personally found many answers to problems that perplexed me . it has also been a source of wisdom to support and empower those around me in both formal and informal settings . looking for a purpose for being ? you will find some answers here
i 'm so thrilled to discover this recording is out on cd as i 've worn out my cassette . brilliant playing , group interaction ... the sense of urgency in this performance as bill neared the end of his life his heart-rending . i never write reviews but this is one of my favorite albums of all time
when viewing the same problems , what makes one person call for violence and another person call for understanding ? there are probably many reasons . the title to this review is an anais nin quote that i think suggests part of the answer . branford marsalis comments about sting 's music : the music is a tremendous social statement . musicians are always social critics . and that 's the biggest problem with pop music is that they do n't have any more social critics . they do n't have enough people with the intelligence or the balls to stand up and see the world for what it is and say `` this s $ ! t is out . '' bring on the night is a movie about the launching of the dream of the blue turtles album and the creation of an interracial band . the songs on the album are protest songs , protesting cold war propoganda , nuclear waste , possessive love , pride that refuses to forgive , and many other things . for example , `` if you love somebody set them free '' is a response to his earlier `` every breath you take '' . sting 's intent was to be disarming , to disarm through the discussion and publication of ideas . he took a stand by stating his positions . he did not choose to be silent or abandon the issues he cared about . in his mind , love is not hidden and not silent . love does n't say , `` i care about this issue , but do n't tell anyone what i think . '' good protest songs are made to be sung . one world is enough for all of us . love is the seventh wave . i spent too many years at war with myself . doctor has told me , it 's no good for my health . sting spends time writing a song to his ex , where he laid out both his admission of guilt and an olive branch for reconciliation : if i built this fortress around your heart , encircled you in trenches and barbed wire , then let me build a bridge , for i can not fill the chasm , and let me set the battlements on fire . this movie is the most fluid rock band film i 've seen , and both the music and interviews discuss substantive issues . if you are a fan of acapella or minimal accompaniment , watch the film to hear the amazing , open versions of both roxanne and message in a bottle . please comment , express feedback , or suggest related works
taken for what it intends , this a great film . formulaic ? yes , but it 's a formula done well . ridley scott and russell crowe demonstrate that light-hearted romantic stories do not require a gut-wrenching tragedy or rivalry to propel a plot . pour yourself a glass of red wine ( the good stuff ) and relax as you enjoy charming characters in breathtaking scenery . a good vacation from reality for a couple of bucks at your local vdeo store
brand new condition , fast shipping , good pricing . i have nothing but raves for this amazon partner ! thank you
i consider this one of robert downey jr. better movies and you have to say that mel gibson did a wonderful job as well
i very very highly recommend this musical . it is such a sweet love story , with wonderful songs . sadly not many people know about the musical `` carnival , '' based on the film , `` lili . '' it is definitly a gem . the song that especially touched me , was the hauntingly beautiful , `` her face . '' it 's such a romantic musical with unforgetable cute songs and romantic ones as well
but the simple drawing technique is also useful . great if you want to paint or draw expressively . the pictures are inspiring
well i have the vhs edition and i say this concert is great . the only thing is i 'm more of a funk man and i prefer homecoming live in orlando
when is comes to teacher/student dramas there is n't one better than 'mr . holland 's opus ' for the main reason that it 's believable . most of the films in this vein get trashed by critics for creating perfect teachers , teachers that can do no wrong . here , we get a glimpse into the life of a man whose intentions are all right but the outcome is n't always the best . he 's a man who knows how to do one thing , and that one thing he does so well , but that one thing is also what pulls him away from the one 's he loves the most . glenn holland ( richard dreyfuss in a career best ) is an aspiring composer who takes up teaching music to help pay the bills . his wife ( glenne headley ) is supportive , yet when she becomes pregnant and gives birth to their deaf child things change . their relationship is tried as glenn starts to pull away from his family due to the fact that having a child who ca n't share his love of music is killing him . glenn is a very flawed man , but he has a very big heart and that 's why this film works so well . when glenn starts to fall in love with a student you do n't hate him as much as you feel bad for him . he 's far from a bad man , he 's just a man . this is truly one of the most touching , inspirational and blessed movies i 've ever seen . it 's a film that will never get old with me and will bring a tear to my eyes every time i watch it . with brilliant performances by the entire cast and a very true to life feel to the script and to the performances you feel as though you know these people , and by the end of the film you 'll want to . as ispirational as <NUM> 's ' a beautiful mind ' this film stands tall as one of the best films ever made
this movie is a classic . if you have n't seen it or heard of it , buy it now
like all of antony 's music , this ep has a chilling and superhuman quality to it . unlike his other stuff , the production is toned down on the non-album tracks ( `` the lake '' and `` the horror is gone '' ) to a stark , white-faced beauty that for me defines the core of antony & the johnsons . the album track , `` fistful of love '' , is one of my favourite antony songs , a soulful and grooving lament that makes a convincing argument for masochism as an uplifting and redemptive fetish . though the price is a bit steep , this is a great addition to any antony fan 's library
some artists are good enough that to label one work as their best says more than a lot . nick cave is by all means one of them . and 'your funeral ... my trial ' is that golden release . beginning with the slow title cut , it moves it 's way through track after track , sometimes menacing , sometimes violent , sometimes beautiful , and always thought provoking and dark . highlights ? honestly , all of them . warning , this album is nick 's least accesable and that says a lot too . but after a few good listens , it works it 's way into your brain and it 's the best thing since ever- i promise
i find it really difficult to write a review about this particular record , actually to write a review about any album by six organs of admittance . that is because this album works in a very non-verbal way . it does not create any clear thoughts in me while i listen to it . instead , it is very meditative and transcendent , it speaks directly to me in a very profound way . i find this record to be very calm and quiet but also incredibly intense at the same time , and it never forces anything . this music has about the same effect on me as buddhist mantras and chants do , but i find it even better . the music itself is consisted of acoustic guitar and drones . there are very few pieces that are lyrical on the record . the compositions themselves are brilliant and they make a brilliant whole . the record works as one piece perfectly for me . i would n't compare this music to devendra banhart , vetiver or any other new acoustic outfit , nor would i compare it to any droney `` post-rock '' bands . comparisons are generally just something silly and irrational , something that does n't exist , but for the purpose of trying to describe this undescribable and unique music i 'd say it sounds like mixture of forementioned buddhist chants , droney music like coil 's time machines and brilliant acoustic guitar . six organs 's music is unique and true , honest , without any pose , music that is concentrated on substance , not image , and i would recommend it to people who honestly strive to be that way ..
i do n't understand . how is it that so many people thought <NUM> the movie was a masterpiece and yet they did n't give this great film the time of day . this movie is as good as <NUM> ( the movie ) was bad . this is a perfect example of what communism really is , a good idea that could only work in a perfect world because hay , people ( and animals apparently ) are corrupt . theirs a reason they say absolute power corrupts absolutely . people are selfish , and this is why communism must always fail , because people do n't like to share and like being forced to share even less . this is one hell of a movie . not perfect , but way above the [ ... ] fest of a movie <NUM> was . if you love gorge orwell than get this movie
i 'd never thought i 'd like debbie gibson , but i guess i was wrong . most of her songs on this cd are great , and i aboulutely love them . i personally like `` out of the blue '' , `` foolish beat '' , `` only in my dreams '' and `` shake your love '' . they are all good songs . she is very talented and mauture for her age . although i was n't a teen back then , i have heard of her . if you like <NUM> 's music and are a debbie fan , then this cd is for you . this cd gets me going whenever i listen to it . i like pop music and <NUM> 's music for that matter too . hope this review is helpful to you .
i was in the mood for an fast entertaining read , and this book filled the bill . actually , i read it years ago , and recently re-read it . it 's suspenseful with a nice touch of romance . i am not going to argue with other posters who say the characters were not fleshed out or the plot was unbelievable . i enjoyed the story and the resourcefulness of the characters , and the constant sense of impending danger . i was n't looking for a literary exploration of the human condition , just a fun read with likable characters and a fast-paced plot , and this is it
the book is clearly written and it solved many of the mysteries i had concerning trading options . an excellent feature of the book is that it gives the addresses of many online sources for stock or option information
the music on this album is simple bueaty . the sound of the guitar and his voice give a layed back feel
this book has no doubt been the best book i 've ever read . i credit this book with saving my marriage . my husband and i had filed for divorce ( all we had to do was sign the bottom line ) and decided to give it one last chance . my mother sent us to a marriage conference featuring dr. chapman and his book . after the conference , i just had to buy the book and i read it through almost non-stop . the principles found in this book are not just applicable to marriage but carry over into every other relationship in your life . awesome !
this was a great little movie . it was n't a stand out in the genre , but it had all the elements it should have had ; a great lead cast , clever and funny writing , and most importantly , a good story . where it lacked , and lacked badly , is in the supporting cast . chris kattan and parker posey were the weak links in both acting and story line , and in my opinion cost the movie a 5th star . the story around adam and steve was very well done and i enjoyed the casting . [ who knew malcolm gets had that body ? ? ] . it was a delightful movie night for my hubby and i . we 're both suckers for a sappy , happy ending , and this movie delivered .
i give this album five stars because there are five top <NUM> hits on it . that 's not her style was a hit but did not appear on greatest hits volume <NUM> . we did n't start the fire was the first hit from the album . it tells about world history from <NUM> ( the year of billy 's birth ) to <NUM> , the year this album was released . the downeaster & quot ; alexa & quot ; is about a fisherman 's life on a boat called the downeaster & quot ; alexa & quot ; . alexa is billy 's daughter whose mom is christie brinkley . i go to extremes has the style of billy 's columbia records labelmates , bruce springsteen and the e street band . shameless starts off in a contemporary style and later converts to hard rock . storm front is another boat song . leningrad is a ballad about a russian man named viktor and an american man and his daughter ( possibly billy and alexa ) visiting there . state of grace really rocks . when in rome has listeners & quot ; doing what the romans do & quot ; . then there 's the easy listening and so it goes which is only billy 's voice and piano . the total playing for this cd is precisely <NUM> minutes
the <NUM> 's quadrilogy of achtung baby , zooropa , the passengers ( released under that psuedonym ) and pop are the last daring albums of u2 's career . this concert footage parodies not only u2 's celebrity , but celebrity in general . with banks and banks of television moniters decorating the stage , the band was mocking it 's own ubiquity . sadly , they have now become everything they were making fun of on this tour
i 've read reviews about rattle 'n ' hum for years now . everybody gets caught up in the mania of the movie . honestly , who cares whether or not bono makes a fool of himself ( which he so eloquently does ) , who cares that this is their pilgrimage to the `` holy lands '' of rock . if you can strip away all the symbolic sludge and get to the heart of this movie , it 's at that point that you can truly enjoy it . rattle 'n ' hum is nothing more than an entertaining documentary of the journey of a simple rock band from dublin ireland . their music and concerts are uplifting and their songs are incredibly simple , yet well-written . by the end of the movie , hopefully you will appreciate the fact that u2 always has proven themselves as a solid rock band worthy of the musical acclaim that has followed them throughout their long distinguished career . forget the politics , forget the philanthropy , forget the garbage . just listen to the music and enjoy the visual ride . it 's only rock'n'roll
these stories , as read by the great actor paul winfield , are powerful testaments to life , love , hard times , etc .. these stories and their central character , socrates fortlow , are fine examples of a man , who did wrong , seeks redemption , and tries hard to make amends . the continuing theme of the crime which he committed ties them all together . mr. winfield 's reading cuts across all racial barriers , to teach all of us , black and white , about one man 's struggle ( s ) with his demons . his reading also adds passion and depth to mr. mosley 's writing . i 'd highly recommend these stories ( in audio and print ) . [ refers to the audio edition .
even though made as a comedy , this is the best portrayal of bigfoot hollywood has ever come up with . thanks to the very convincing make-up talents of rick baker . the master of the trade . i 've been waiting for , and requesting this one for years . family entertainment delight . finally
sadly forgotten today , paul muni was one of our finest actors . he triumphed in i am a fugitive from a chain gang , earned a best actor oscar as louis pasteur , and let the life of emile zola to win the best picture oscar of <NUM> . don ' r pass up this magnificent motion picture
when i first began watching this movie i thought what is going on all these lights and cars chasing each other but after i got past that i thought it was a wonderful movie . melanie was ok and rachel was amazing but hugh dancy was the most amazing one of all . i never expected to see him that way and to see that shower seen well ...... i 'll let every one see it for themselves . i think this movie was really great and who ever does n't think so should watch it again because maybe they fell asleep or some thing because this movie was great
i did n't think that i was a beck fan , but i happened to hear this when a friend was playing it in his car and was instantly drawn into it . i have been playing it frequently ever since . it is the first cd i have ever owned that has anything akin to rap or hip hop and i just really like how he blends it into so many other styles to create a complete feeling of a musical environment . i will be delving into some of his other cds in the future
living his passion and dreams , johnson 's story is told vicariously by journalist b . pulley . entrepreneurs can absorb much from the determination and success of bob johnson
gypsy soul is the wonderful follow-up disc to narada 's earlier release gypsy passion . together the two discs comprise two of the finest compilations of the `` new flamenco '' style heard anywhere . if anything , gypsy soul is even more eclectic than its predecessor , exhibiting the talents of new flamenco stalwarts like jesse cook all the way across the spectrum to slash of guns 'n ' roses fame . slash 's contribution is a restrained , yet heady melodic instrumental which would stun most of his usual fan base . the disc shows all its contributors to be virtuosos , and the recording style ( rather raw and untouched ) brings out the earthy qualities of new flamenco at its best .
not sure if this is the last book in the series or not . it ends abruptly . however , it was a good book to read , so <NUM> stars . i had artemis fowl , and <NUM> charlie bone books at the same time . i read all , but my kids dropped charlie in favor of artemis . hence the <NUM> stars . as usual , the series becomes somewhat predictable - evil always bullies , good never seems strong enough to resist , some unknown char has to help them out
i am so glad that i ordered this dvd . i recently bought a knifty knitter set from herschners online store and a couple of books here on amazon on how to use them . while the books are n't that confusing , this video cleared up a lot of questions . it was great to see the priojects done in first person view . they are very easy to follow . : ) the dvd gave me a better understanding of what was being done on the loom . i can now follow the books prett easily . thanks
people , honestly , who cares if franz ferdinand is today 's best band or if this album is `` funky '' or not . this album is just good ol ' fun music that 's not at all watered down or lackluster . just listen to this album and dance to it . not every critical acclaimed album has to be a masterpiece .
this was a great video . in the past , i had bought some videos from other sources and also checked a bunch out from the library and most were not very good . they were out of date or did not have the kind of dancing we do around here . but shawn 's dance dvd was very up to date . it has the type of dancing that we often do in my location ( florida ) and at the lds church dances i attend .
i just finished this book ( for the second time , actually ) and enjoyed it just as much as reilly 's other books . the hero of the story , william race , is what many of us would like to be : a regular guy who , when thrust into extraordinary situations , very capably becomes the hero . of course the action is over the top and unrealistic . it 's supposed to be ! i tell everybody who asks that reilly is the best action writer i 've ever read . i 'm not sure why some people blast his books so bad . do a little research and know what you 're getting into . if you like high-powered , non-stop action , this is the guy for you . if you 're not , then here 's a clue : do n't read reilly 's books ! ! ! sounds pretty simple
her abilities affect her , then this diary will interest you . ms. choquette comes across as a charming , friendly person whom one would love to have over for dinner . she writes about her parents ( especially her mother ) and how her large family was close and sort of quirky . she describes her early psychic experiences and her training with two teachers who open her abilities up even more and teach her about life . the most enjoyable part of the book for me was the descriptions sonia gave of clients , mostly from the 70s -- lime green hot pants , bouffant hairdos , tie-dyed t-shirts and platform shoes ... those were the days ... how did anyone get a date back then ? the only criticism i have about the book is that ms. choquette mentions several times that her family was catholic and religiously so . i do not doubt her family 's religious sensbilities , but the church teaches against almost everything that sonia practices and believes -- reincarnation , clairvoyance , ascended masters , divination with tarot cards , spirit guides , etc . i do n't think it is possible to be a catholic in the sense of someone who believes in the dogmas of the church and be a new ager as sonia is . she also says that she prayed the rosary before her readings and one of her teachers said that she would attract only good spirits that way , but she also needed to pray the our father . the rosary requires the recitation of the our father at least <NUM> times , so i was confused when sonia said she then began to pray the our father as well . i wonder what rosary she was praying .
this dvd is truly inspiring , the things she can do while so heavely preagnant is amazing . its got the whole body covered . and you keep thinking if she can do you so can you . one of the best dvd 's for pregnant women out there . one can even do it if you 're not pregnaunt . the three training levels , beginnger , intermediate and advance makes this dvd perfect for first timers , and it is challenging enough for those whose been exercising . i love it and recommend anyone and every one to add it to your collection
most of yanni 's releases before this cd were compilations of earlier works . this was his first all new work in quite a while . and i still consider it his best work to date . this cd contains most of the pieces used in his & quot ; live at the acropolis & quot ; . the & quot ; live & quot ; cd and video have a better performance of these pieces however , because of the added instrumentation . but in the realm of his non-live recordings , this is his best
and justice for all is one of metallicas best albums ... i dont really like the lyrics in blackened that much , i mean i like the song blackened . one of my favorite tracks is eye of the beholder ! ! title is great , but too long ! ! get this with <NUM> of their other albums like black , master of puppets , ride the lightning , reload , and load
well if you have missed some of the efforts linked to the modern brazil music scene than this puts a nice sampler together for you . if you are already familiar and have come by way of the late suba 's & quot ; sao paolo confessions & quot ; or bebel gilberto 's lovely & quot ; tanto tiempo , & quot ; both so good that they deserved tributes or remixes , than you will be plesantly surprised by some of the other offerings . the problem with samplers is that they are just that , samples . just when you are getting into a particular artist the track is over and you are suddenly listening to another one . the good news is that this can lead you out to purchase a full cd of the artists music . such was the case for me with zuco <NUM> . i found there sound sound inviting and when i purchased one disc i had even had to have another ! the version they perform of & quot ; outro lado & quot ; is sweet , slightly funky , dreamy , trippy and like many of the tracks on this sampler , seductive . zuco <NUM> also performs & quot ; treasure & quot ; which is a bit more uptempo , bilingual ( with interspersed english chorus ) slightly edgy with a sprinkling of bossadelia that is not as good as the version featured on their cd but still very nice . trio mocoto 's & quot ; os orixas & quot ; has a more carnival or futbol flavor where you can imagine the samba line grooving along . bossacucanova fills in the dance lines on this sampler with jazz melodies for some soflty swinging atmospheric approches to create lounge brazinujazz . all the songs contribute something tasty to the cd and is recommended for a point of departure or to just sit and watch your own rio sunsets
you will not be disappointed as juan cabrillo and his crew aboard the oregon once again take center stage in this , the 3rd book in the oregon files series . this series has had my attention from the beginning as the idea of an entire crew of `` heroes '' headed by cabrillo is a fresh new twist on cussler 's long history of sea-going adventures starring either dirk pitt or kurt austin . this series allows the cussler enthusiast yet another new book to look forward to on a regular basis . long live juan cabrillo and the oregon ! ! !
wwe produces good quality documentary dvds ( i ca n't always say the same about their raunchy live shows ) . this is another well-made , interesting , and entertaining wwe dvd . it brought back lots of memories for me . a lot of the 80s gimmicks seem corny and overly tame by today 's standards , but they seemed pretty dumb to me at the time , too , and i was just a kid . one sort of sad thing is to see bobby heenan 's commentary . he does n't sound or look anything like he used to . he appears gaunt and withdrawn and slurs his words . he says with a touch of sadness in his voice that he misses the days of going out there and entertaining the fans ( realizing , i 'm sure , that he will never again be a personality on any wrestling programming )
i read this novel because it won the pulitzer prize for fiction . anne tyler has a gift for portraying ordinary indivdiuals who live ordinary lives . yet her novel is anything but ordinary because her characters are simple , yet real and their dialogue rings true . moreover , ms. tyler , like hardy and miller before her , clearly believes and successfully posits that her mundane characters are heroic because they survive , perservere and present ( albeit unknowingly ) moral and spiritual lessons that are universal to us all . but my hesitation in giving this novel <NUM> stars is that , while it is great fiction , it is not the greatest fiction of its time . and this raises another issue . why have so many pulitzer prize novels , such as `` gilead , '' `` the known world , '' `` empire falls , '' `` the hours , '' `` kavalier & clay , '' and `` middlesex , '' disappointed me recently ? while these are compelling and at times superb works , they are not , in my opinion , deserving of the pulitzer prize . of recent winners , only `` the shipping news '' merits that distinction . perhaps i will focus on national book award winners , since they seem more uniformly satisfying .
i purchased this for my kids and they love it ! they sing the songs and even perfected their abcs ... great item for use both in the car or at home ! highly recommend this item
this show is so funny , i can not believe that it did n't last long . the same people that created south park made this so you know it 's gon na be hilarious . it used to come on comedy central late at night but i have n't seen it in a while so i decided to buy . it 's fun to make fun of the president
i 've owned this dvd for some time now . i 've watched it several times and enjoyed it very much each and every time . the women are beautiful and seem to be really having fun as they exercise , especially nude . the clothed version is very nice , too . of course , being a guy , i prefer them nude . i also like the fact tha the four women seem to have no modesty at all -- they never tried to cover up or hide anything ; in fact , sometimes they seemed to be exposed a little more than necessary ( no complaints here ! ) . i like this dvd very much and would recommend it to any man who wants to enjoy watching beautiful nude women , also to any man who wants to get his wife to exercise ( especially nude and beautiful )
really well done . this is an extremely well crafted cd . six days is probably the best song on here . note : the song when they 're waiting for bow wow 's car is ooh aah - grit
item was shipped as soon as i placed order . i was updated often . excellent service
i have n't played this game yet , but from everything that i 've seen i want to . i am writing this in reply to one of the others writing a review , and to let someone who wants this and decides not to get it because of their review . he said is was short and had a weird ending . thats because it 's not the ending . if you notice it 's call sin episodes . there are going to be about seven of them . what 's great is that , if you get injured , it will carry over to the next one . if you have n't deleted you save games .
having listened to fla , delerium and assemblage <NUM> , i checked on the similar artists listing and came across covenant and was intrigued by this name . i decided to purchase this cd through amazon.com and was impressed by 'dreams of a cryotank ' which stirred pictures in my mind of sci-fic and fantasy ideas . and this music did not disappoint me at all . this is a quite long cd with <NUM> tracks . track <NUM> is the extended song called 'cryotank ' and is a masterpiece of elusive industrial beats and sounds mixed with a slow beginning to a explosive end . other songs to look out for on this momentous album are the songs ; 'shelter ' that reminds me of nuclear disaster movies like 'testament ' and 'the day after ' . another good song is the high tempo 'wasteland ' that should make it to dance lists if remixed properly fairly shortly . also check out the bonus song on track <NUM> 'theremin club edit'now that 's a dance song ! a good cd from covenant from <NUM> .
this cd was inexpensive , and provided a great way to preview songs for my wedding . the cd had a good song selection . my fiance and i were able to get a better idea of how the songs would be at our wedding . definitely an inexpensive tool that is worthwhile
every track on this album is a standout . an instant classic from a classic band . the boys have never rocked harder , sang better , and grooved groovier . i ca n't get this cd out of player . i ca n't get the hooks out of my mind- i go to sleep at night humming one of the tunes , usually the joseph williams-sung chorus on `` bottom of your soul . '' i absolutely loved the guest musicians on this record- james pankow ( chicago ) and ian anderson ( jethro tull ) especially . i do n't know if you can call steve porcaro a `` guest-musician , '' especially with artistic work with the overall sonic `` canvas '' and cool timbres he is able to evoke . he is a genius . why these guys ca n't get any radio airplay in the states anymore is beyond me . they are so much better than all of the crap that comes out on the radio nowadays . i hope they tour the us hard for the next couple of years and win over old-fans and new converts .
winterheart 's guild ( <NUM> ) . sonata arctica 's third studio album . unlike most people on this site apparently , i do n't hate power metal . i 'm not one who slags the whole genre off upon the discovery of other music like progressive rock and other styles like a lot of people do . when i first came across the genre years ago , i was in heaven . there were a lot of really cool albums by bands like stratovarius , labyrinth , dream evil , blind guardian , primal fear , hammerfall , and others that brought forth the nostalgic sounds of some of my favorite 80s metal bands , though with the benefit of modern production technology . sure , the subject matter among many of these bands can come across as goofy ( almost bearing a manowar quality at times ) , but most people seem to miss the point that none of it is meant to be taken seriously . of course , my interest in power metal has waned since then , but only because after a while , most of the bands i came across started to sound a lot alike with very little to separate them apart from others and make me want to come back for more . it seemed like all the bands had the same machine-gun double bass drumming , malmsteen-inspired guitar solos , harpsichord keyboard soloing , and geoff tate-inspired singing . in short , i needed more _variety_ . thankfully , bands like sonata arctica , kamelot , and nightwish are around to show the rest how to make a good , memorable band . to me , sonata arctica sounds like a bigger , better , more realized stratovarius . i 'd known about the band for a while , and i 've always loved the song 'power of one ' off of silence ( <NUM> ) which was my first introduction to them . i finally saw one of their albums in the store the other day , and since i 'm always looking for good music , i figured `` why not ? '' . after listening to this album several times now , i can honestly say that this was one of the best purchases i 've made all year . while i do like stratovarius , the problem i had with them is that their albums would have a couple of really outstanding songs on them , followed by several by-the-numbers tracks which they 've formulated to death over and over again . sonata arctica has no problems like this . this band takes stratovarius 's sound as a main template , and infuses their own creative songwriting melodies and lyrical topics into it , creating a very memorable and varitable collection of songs . their singer has that familiar finnish accent , though it 's combined with a real passionate performance . the guitarist always seems to play the right riff at the right time , varying it up from soulfull crunchy riffs to great solos that bring glen tipton of judas priest to mind . keyboards go from solo-esque battles to goosebump-inducing atmospheric passages that compliment the melodies . picking out favorite tracks on this album is a very difficult thing to do , but the ones that seem to stand out the most are 'apbe ' , 'gravenimage ' , 'the cage ' , 'silver tongue ' , 'champaign bath ' , and 'broken ' . 'apbe ' and 'the cage ' are two of the fast speed metal tracks , while 'gravenimage ' and 'broken ' both sport unique , melodic overtones to them . 'champaign bath ' is fast , fun metal that takes you for a hellova ride . then there 's two nice ballads to top the album off : 'the misery ' and 'draw me ' . these ballads thankfully are n't syrup-drenched like a lot of ballads can get . there are n't any bad tracks in the bunch , and there 's something to please anyone that is looking for variety . replayability : high . makes for a perfect power metal fix . wg proved to be a great starting point for me , and i highly suggest anyone else who sees this album in the stores to give it a shot . they also have a new album out , reckoning night ( <NUM> ) as well as two earlier albums , ecliptica ( <NUM> ) and silence , which many consider their best work . if wg is any indication , then i ca n't wait any longer to hit up on the other albums . one of the lyrics in the song 'gravenimage ' asks `` can i still recognize a beautiful melody ? '' . yes , you certainly can , and you 're certainly one of the best bands in the business at it . other recommendations : -any other sonata arctica album . all are outstanding . ( judging by the soundclips ) -'visions ' by stratovarius -'epica ' and 'the black halo ' by kamelot -'oceanborne ' , 'wishmaster ' , and 'century child ' by nightwis
this movie surprised me . i expected something like she 's all that , one of the better teen movies ( to me ) ... or maybe something less than that . but this movie was not what i expected . it was fresh and funny ! it made references to john cougar mellancamp and the storyline was unusual , absurb , and it worked . good comedy . not on my top ten list , but worth a viewing , in my book
this is a scientific review of the buddhist guide to a happy life . adds great credence to this approach and the buddhist philosophy . ricard was part of the research and is a practicing buddhist . a good book to reread many times
prior to owning this book , i had never heard of robert a. heinlein . i must say ( sounding perverted , unfortunately ) the only thing that really drew me to this book was the cover . upon realization later , it looked somewhat similar to the statue `` venus demilo . '' as i read the book from the start , it really captivated me how detailed everthing seemed for a futuristic civilization . it almost seemed as if rah , himself , had been there and wanted to share with the world , everything that he had seen . though , mentioned in other reviews , the strong incestuous vibe the book pulls in later chapters is a slight bit of a turnoff , i feel it also adds to the story somehow . almost as if it ties into his other books from certain pivotal points . if some of the actions had not happened , the series and heritage would not have been what it was . i do mention this as the first heinlein book i had ever read , so i may have mixed it up somehow . even so , i daresay , this is a spectacular read , and should not be overlooked . that , and read the other works he has out . disappointed ? i think not
michael hoppe is a treasure . from his earliest recordings until his latest , requiem , i have never been disappointed . solace does not have one track that you will skip over . the soloists , where there are vocals , are superb and speak straight to the heart . occasionally we are given a musical gift that lasts us a lifetime . this is one of those gifts . therese tappouni writer , workshop director , author of a time to reap and walking your walk , a woman 's guide to a spirit filled life
this dvd is nothing short of awesome can i go now and barenaked sound wise this dvd is top notch with the option of dolby digital 5.1 and stereo and beleive me its loud as sound and crystal clear why coudnt we have had how do i deal on here to better stlll jive records when are you gon na release all her video clips on one dvd for her fans i also plead to jennifer please get the rest of your videos on <NUM> dvd for u
the search for the forgotten average man as a publicity stunt require by a newspaper , and how backfired . a luxurious cast , headed for gary cooper ( one of his best achievements ) and barbara stanwyck ( superb as always ) , a brilliant script and a gifted director makes of this film an exceptional picture .
`` a mind shattering f * cking explosion of stimulation straight to the brain . ''
in the reinvention of work , matthew fox brings together the work of eastern and western mystics , ancient , medieval , and modern , to propose a new paradigm for how we work and what we do . citing meister eckhart , thomas aquinas , hildegard von bingen , the bhagavad gita , tao te ching , studs terkel , patch adams , and progressive economists , fox explores the concept of work and how it can be healthier physically , emotionally , and intellectually , but primarily socially , environmentally , and spiritually . fox believes that the enlightenment and the industrial age have left us with a machine-centered , anthropocentric world that focuses on outer work and rewards at the cost of inner work and spirituality , and destroys rather than creates . real wealth results from preserving the health of the planet , not in the artificiality of money or possessions . the result has been a world often at war , where the gaps between affluent and poor continue to spread , where the environmental health of non-industrialised nations is sacrificed for the comforts of the industrialised , and where the work that is available and that most people have serves machines and leaves the worker stressed , addicted to work , ill , angry and even violent , and unfulfilled intellectually , emotionally , and spiritually . fox cites mystics like eckhart and aquinas to show that they understood what is important and that they prophetically understood the traps that man is prone to fall into . he also recounts the stories of people who reinvent themselves through work , who are willing to sacrifice position and possessions to find an avocation that matters , like the man who gives up a high-paying position to become a fireman and who is ecstatic about the meaning it brings to his life . fox carefully sets up all that is wrong with our modern concept of work and , indeed , life , since so much of who we are , how we feel , and how we live is tied up in what we do for a living , or what we mistakenly call `` work . '' his proposed solutions are centered around creation spirituality , which is a `` creation-centered mysticism that is also prophetic and socially transformative . '' while creation spirituality is not very clearly defined here-fox has written several other books about it and refers to them-it appear to center around the idea that creation comes from within and that we create our world , which is part of a greater , interdependent cosmos that continues to undergo creation . for fox , `` enlightenment '' might mean recognising and embracing creation spirituality and our responsibility and role in the ongoing creation of the cosmos-a recognition that begins with inner work and extends outer work , and that redefines wealth and poverty . fox is quick to point out that this is neither communism nor socialism , both of which suffer from the same destructive values as capitalism . there are many elements involved in creation spirituality , which embraces many aspects of life that have been neglected , distorted , or abused , from education , health care , art , psychology , and sexuality to something he believes is critical yet missing or misused-ritual . in creation spirituality and the reinvention of work , properly conceived and performed ritual is meaningful , bringing people together , bringing out emotions , and acknowledging what has been done in the name of war , destruction , and hate . ritual can also be playful and energising , for example , circle dances . whatever the focus , ritual brings us together to share our common joys and sorrows . ritual heals . mysticism appeals to me , and fox 's assessments of what 's wrong and what could be done to change our course make sense and are supported by the quotes he provides from a broad array of sources , including psychologists , economists , writers , and artists . the consequences of not changing are clear , but it is equally clear that those consequences have not penetrated to either the masses or their leaders . ( even the rising price of gasoline in <NUM> has not inspired any more than cautious apprehension . ) we are like smokers who are able to quit our habit only when terminal lung cancer has been diagnosed . to get billions of conditioned consumers ( and their consumers-in-training children ) to give up their increasingly complex lifestyles , comforts , and amusements in the interest of a healthier , more just world for all and for better personal mental and physical health requires a utopian change that most people will not embrace . as with the woolgers in their book , the goddess within , fox tries to find a movement in the mid-1990s that has not materialised yet . generally , people do not choose to change ; they are forced to . perhaps someday , when the gaps have widened too far , and society and our home can no longer support our appetites ( and the corresponding waste ) , we may be ready to listen to fox and his adherents , at which point they will need to provide practical answers . who will `` make ritual '' ? who will produce the necessities and how ? who will distribute them ? how will they be paid , or what will replace a monetary/barter economy ? what if there is imbalance between what people want to do and what needs to be done ? in practical , everyday terms , what does the reinvention of work look like ? and do i want to live long enough to experience the disasters that are likely to be required to bring it about ? eckhart , aquinas , von bingen , the bhagavad gita , tao te ching-all wise beyond their times . and beyond ours as well . diane l. schirf , <NUM> august <NUM>
with its flavorful mix of new and original music ( but sadly lacking the poignant laura nyro songs that made the movie so emotionally resonant ) , this disc is absolutely worth listening to -- and it has a power all its own . recalling the sweetly , deceptively simple movie , it has a folky , sublime , melancholy quality
ok , this lp must have been on pete townshend 's turntable day and night . listen to the first track and you 'll hear where `` baba o'riley '' and `` wo n't get fooled again '' came from . in fact , the riley in `` baba o'riley '' is terry riley . - vincent g. marin
just who will hot new york fashion designer melanie carmichael ( aka melanie smooter ) choose ? her heart is torn like a north and south divide between first husband jake in alabama and fiance andrew , the jfk-like son of manhattan 's mayor who plans to groom her son to presidental status . after andrew proposes melanie must rush through a divorce with jake only to find that after <NUM> years of running away , she is still a southern belle at heart . melanie 's torn heart is like a civil war clash as her accent changes back and forth to reflect her inner turnoil and personality identity confusion . just who is she ? she wonders as her marriage preparations are underway . is she the chick new york fashion designer who creates clothes that are picked up my high-end retail stores all over the country ? is she the manhattan socialite who has nabbed the most elibible bachelor in town ? or is she a southern belle confederate sweetheart still in love with her first love ? is she really truly just melanie smooter perry who inspired jake to make something of himself when she left after a miscarrage ? the only way to know is to watch her walk down the aisle a second time
say what you want about bruce `` getting old '' , but i strongly believe that this album ( which showcases bruce in his late-40s/early-50s ) puts many rockers half-his-age to shame . all the songs are great , especially the ones that are re-arranged , such as `` the river . '' for a special treat , bruce throws in the rarity , `` do n't look back . '' and yet , of all the songs on this live album , i believe the most impressive is bruce 's acoustic version of `` born in the u.s.a. '' , where bruce plays an acoustic 12-string . for those of you who have tracks , but not this , trust me when i say linyc 's version of `` bitusa '' makes tracks ' acoustic version look like nothing . one warning : though i personally have no qualms about the song-selections , some of you who want to hear the `` staples '' ( i.e . `` the promised land '' ) might be dissapointed . and yet , when it comes to preferences of bruce-fans , the term `` to each his own '' is definetely applicable . is it an extensive treasure-trove of live performances a la live 1975-1985 ? no . is it worth it nonetheless ? yes
i recently read berlinski 's book as well as bawer 's `` while europe slept '' and `` anti-americanism '' by jean francois revel . these are very important books in that they shed light on the mythology of the american left , according to which europe ( western europe , that is ) is the promised land . since they detest america , they need to find some model to emulate . well , on closer inspection europe is not it . today 's europe had been left hopelessly behind . it lives off the corpses of the past , and having been given a sense of security ( by the american foreign policy and its military might ) and illusion of prosperity ( originally spawned by us economic aid and today dependent on us spending power ! ) , they feel superior to the us . anyone who ever debated angry europeans will quickly discover that the superiority is really a reaction to their profound inferiority complexes . disregard the one-star reviews . an m. mcdonald below claims that the book is `` short on facts '' ... this from a guy who claims that germany is the world 's largest exporter ... forgot to mention though that it 's the larger exporter of merchandise . if you add services , the us exports are at $ 1.15 trillion vs. germany 's $ 893b . and , thanks to diversification , the us is less vulnerable to global economic slowdowns . mcdonald 's is wrong . he 's wrong about public education too : europe 's schools are `` vastly superior '' ? ... does he have any idea what goes on in the schools of paris , london and rome ? ? he says china not seen as a threat to eu ? anyone who 's been to italy recently , with interests going deeper than gelato , surely must have seen numerous campaigns against chinese textile imports . my bet ? in 5-6 yrs we will be buying superior quality suits made in china for $ <NUM> vs. zegna 's $ <NUM> outfits . indeed , nothing to worry about . etecetera , etcetera . read this and the other books i mentioned so you can be immune to and be able to eloquently respond to this type of leftist pap
this book never gets old . it 's timeless and always fun to read
i 'm not particularly interested in punk music , i prefer roots/americana/folk and on the other hand <NUM> 's and <NUM> 's rock music . i , like so many others , heard dropkick 's song on `` the departed '' and it 's gripping sound drew me in to purchase the album . i am now <NUM> % certain that i will sooner or later end up with every album in their catalog . to tell you the truth , i 've abandoned the other 1,000 songs on my ipod for <NUM> of the <NUM> tracks on this album . the songs are anthem-like , brawl-inspiring , rugby-esque . music that goes well with a side of raw meat . i am glad i bought this album before the earlier ones , it 's mature and established sound helped hook me . i ca n't wait ( now ) to get into the grittier earlier tunes
this is a great compilation cd single . the artist put a lot of time and effort . she obviously sang the tracks over for each of the remixes
stewart o'nan has corrected a major oversight by writing so comprehensively about a topic surrounded by myth and folk legend . apparently , the story of the hartford circus fire of <NUM> has never been told in a book , but mr o'nan has dived into the deep end of the myths and legends and surfaced with a factual , well-researched , and eminently readable tale of the tragedy . covering all aspects of the fire and its ' aftermath , mr o'nan debunks the stories told as truth but bearing none , reveals new and unsung heroes , and lovingly examines the fate of little miss <NUM> , the lovely , unclaimed child who lay so long in a grave with only a number to mark her presence . this is an exciting read , filled with the thrill of the circus , the horror of a fire out of control , the fate of survivors , and that of victims ....... both those who lived and those who did n't . while mr o'nan has moved on to the boston red sox in his book with stephen king , faithful , this was his first foray into non-fiction , and he has done himself proud . this is a great story , told well , and with care
a young couple , very much in love , stop off at a tavern in a small 19th century german village . a gaunt , grim faced stranger joins them . just recently the stranger had purchased a 99-year lease on a tract of land adjoining the village 's cemetery . the stranger had built an impregnable , ` without door or gate ' , wall about the estate . the stranger , of course , is death , and within the walls of his ` garden ' reside the souls of the newly dead and the innumerable candles whose flames melt the tallow of all human life . death attends the young man he is about to claim . the woman leaves the room for a moment , and when she returns the stranger and her beloved are gone . the woman gives chases , sees the shade of her beloved pass through the impassable wall to death 's garden . an old apothecary finds the distraught woman and shelters her in his pharmacy . the woman drinks a potion from an ancient bottle and is again in front of the walled garden - although now there is a door opening to a steep staircase . the woman enters and meets death of the staircases . i want to go where my beloved is , the woman tells him . death strikes a bargain - if the woman can save the life of just one of three whose candle has grown short , he will return her fianc to her . i liked fritz lang 's destiny ( der mde tod ) a lot . death 's bargain plunges the movie into three episodes , as the actors playing the loving couple and death reenact endangered love stories in arab , italian and chinese settings . lang employs primitive , and effective , tricks - camera angles , double exposures , etc . - to show the dead filing past the living , to make carpets fly and to transform pagoda into elephants . underpinning it all is the fascinating struggle between death and love . it 's lang 's meditation on this struggle that i enjoyed the most . after that poignant scene on the staircase i was hooked on the woman 's quest for reunion . the musical underscore is appropriate , tasteful and unobtrusive . the print is in good condition , watchable with flares and scratches . although this disk is a little pricey , it contains no extras of any kind .
this item was delivered quickly ( in time for christmas ) and cost me a lot less than buying it at any music store
i 'm not a big fan of tom or demi , and jack even wears out his welcome in some films , but not here . the supporting roles are superbly done , the tension in the plot is sustained well until the end , and when this shows up on cable tv i almost always watch it again for a half-hour or so . here you find soldiers and the law and political correctness in conflict , and that reflects a lot of real life in the usa during the past four years . i enjoy the script , because it demonstrates how brain power sometimes wins out over brute force .
i suggest this book to anyone who wants to , or are thinking of , delving into c - no matter how deep ! what i love about this book is that it 's good for a non-motivated person like me as well , because the exercises at the end of each chapter really make me wanting to finish them up ( sort of like how teacher used to make us do it in high school . ) if you think you already know the material of a chapter , then just skip to the exercises and try to see if you can do those - if you can , then just continue on . if you ca n't , then simply check over the chapter again to re-test your knowledge
trekkies who are into the preservation of timeline and continuity probably had kittens when they watched this movie , but this movie worked because it highlighted the interplay of the cast - our favorite fictional characters . any two bit sci-fi director can make a movie with spaceships and any bean counter can keep a timeline straight , but we do n't watch star trek for these reasons , do we ? we watch them because only shatner , nimoy , and kelly can play kirk , spock , and bones . the scene where they 're talking about italian food in the pickup truck still makes me laugh today like the first time i saw it
since `` the fugitive '' is one of my all-time favorites , this takeoff on it was a lot of fun for me to watch . hey , sometimes it 's best to laugh at ourselves and the things we like . for much of it , this movie was laugh-out-loud funny . it helped not only to know `` the fugitive '' story well but also `` north by northwest , '' `` casablanca '' `` titantic , '' `` star wars '' and many , many other films , both classic and modern-day . the more familiar you are with movies , the more of these `` inside '' jokes are going to make you laugh . being a movie buff , a lot of these gags connected and made me really have a good time watching this leslie nielsen farce . be warned , parents : this is not a family comedy . there are tons of sexual innuendos , so typical of today 's comedies .... but overall , this is really funny stuff and highly recommended if you watched a lot films in your lifetime
i first was attracted by the music and i them got the dvd from the public library . after viewing it a number of times , i just had to have my own copy . the irish legend of the silkies is presented with assuming warmth and understanding . it truely is pure magic
let me just say that joe satriani is in opinion the best guitar player/musician in the world , and to be able to see him live is an unforgettable experience . dreaming # <NUM> , and disc <NUM> of time machine are as close as you can get to experiencing satch live . the highlight on this disc has to be the live recording of memories , it 's almost double the length of the studio version and a hundred times better ( although the studio version is still a very moving piece of music ) . if you are any kind of satriani fan , or guitar enthusist pick up this album , you wo n't regret it
this is a great book . dahut 's analysis of the mindset of the lawyer as he goes about marketing and managing his practice is frighteningly accurate - the way we think as lawyers clearly restricts our ability to be good enterprise builders . dahut 's discussion on law firm branding and leadership building was right on the money . i would recommend this book highly to other lawyers - in fact , it should be required reading in law schools . finally , while the book is a little on the pricey side , i got my money 's worth and then some . i give this book five stars .
ok , i 'm not a film critic . i do like older movies , especially hitchcock mysteries and john wayne westerns and that makes me decidedly middle-brow . all i can say is that 'dial m for murder ' is a hugely entertaining mystery that rewards the viewer who pays attention ( umm , it is a mystery after all ) . several delicious plot twists
you wo n't be disappointed if you purchase this great reference ! not only did the book impress me , but so did the help that i received from laurie ulrich fuller , one of the authors . when i had a couple of questions , i sent her an email . usually one has to wait for quite a while to receive a reply if they even do receive a reply . with laurie i received a reply in less than <NUM> hours ! she was friendly and did n't seem to mind answering my questions . how wonderful it is to find someone willing to help you . no matter how good a book is , it really makes a book outstanding when you can get responses to any questions that that may come up . it keeps one from feeling frustrated . i rate the book tops
johnny depp 's character is coerced into in assassination plot by a corrupt government agent played by christopher walken . i like this movie . i think some of it is a little far fetched , but i like that it tries to tell the story in real time . it helps put you in the situation and adds to the suspense . and the situation is a tough one to get out of , with seemingly omniscient antagonists that deny his every attempt to free his captive daughter through means other than complying with their criminal demands . i think what appeals to me most is he 's alone against the world and your right there with him . he 's an ordinary guy put in an extroardinary situation , and the audience is taken along for the ride as he struggles to find a way
this book is not as good as some of grafton 's other books but still has the same type of quality that she exhibits in all of her books . in this one , kinsey is asked to follow up a deceased pi in solving a 6-year old murder
i 'm trying to decide which of the three i love the best , but all should be part of one 's home library . i often view them while i 'm on my exercise bike and always pedal faster ! it 's easy to forget you 're sweating while watching people on the screen being chased by dinosaurs . perhaps gyms across the country should invest in the jurassic park movie collection ? chrissy k. mcvay - autho
what a magical book ! the mellon family inherits the pink motel on the florida coast and moves down for the summer to run it . there they meet an assortment of regular guests and find some new ones . the children , kirby and bitsy , make friends with a local boy named big and revive a bored girl guest named sandra . secrets , mysteries , alligator chasing , coconuts , wonderful treats from miss frith 's basket , and some very , very valuable dog guests make for a lively and engaging story . for <NUM> , the integration between white and black children is natural and straightforward . this is the kind of book i would like to write . i sure enjoyed reading it .
i was a little disappointed with the go-betweens comeback album , friends of rachel worth , it seemed to lack direction , the songs were too muddled ( and in robert 's contribution just plain dull and silly ) . but on this record they have supassed themselves . wonderful melodies , great lyrics , good , emotive delivery : at the moment i 'd put it up there as my favorite g-b 's album , which is saying something after nearly <NUM> years in the business
laurie anderson recently applied for and was hired as kitchen worker at mcdonald 's hamburger joint near her studio in manhattan . huh ? ? ? ... yes it 's true , and she recounts her mcdonalds experience in her new performance piece , `` happiness '' . laurie anderson can find beauty in strange places . at town hall , eight short days after the collapse of the trade towers , laurie found beauty in a terrifying place . she performed `` love amoung the sailors '' , from her bright red album and the lyric ... '' there is no pure land now , no safe place ... if this is the work of an angry god , i want to look in his angry face ... '' ; becomes a prophetic statement of iron willed resolve . `` let x=x '' takes on a new meaning as we , the listeners , are placed in an aisle seat of a burning plane . george bush talked about `` wanted dead or alive '' and `` hunting down terrorists like dogs '' and laurie anderson talked about the phenomena of flaming birds in the sky after the american planes became guided missles from hell . now , one year later as sadam becomes the ghost of osama , i look to laurie anderson 's concert at town hall as a defining moment in a brave , new world . laurie anderson ( not rudy guliani ) is new york 's first citizen and the heart and soul of this planet , earth
this is by far modest mouse 's best album . it is hard for most people to understand at first . this album has a whole different feel to it than the rest of their albums . this was the first modest mouse album i ever heard , and i could n't get into it and did n't want to at first . but a friend convinced me to sit through it <NUM> or <NUM> times , and now i ca n't get enough of it . do yourself a huge favor and buy this album . close your eyes and listen to it all the way through one or twice , and if you still do n't like it , you have poor taste in music and you suck . if you love this album like i do , you 'll also love the ugly casanova album titled sharpen your teeth . another great modest mouse album is the fruit that ate itself
in the spring semester of <NUM> , mr. rubinstein was my trigonometry teacher . for those of you in new york state , that 's the equivalent of the last term of sequential math iii or the last term of the math b curriculum . being a tenth grader at the time , i found his methods of teaching to be one of the best . not only did i enjoy being a student in his class , but i also enjoyed learning math and because of him , i continued to pursue advanced math classes . when he made a mistake , he was never afraid to let us correct him . he is a humble man and is able to connect with his students on a personal level . there was never anything fake about him . now that i am a senior in stuyvesant hs , i look back and see that i never had a math teacher , or teacher of any subject , quite like mr. rubinstein . there are only a few teachers like him and i feel lucky to have been taught by him . if his book is anything like the way he teaches , then many people will learn from him by reading this book
fellini 's movies are exactly what the human kind has to see before placing itself in a specific age . it has been never seen before such a transparent , exceptionally artistic and in the same time full of pation and fun human nature analyse . one of the best movies that still has a full reach of flavour after so many years from the debut .
harvey milk was the elected supervisor of district <NUM> in san francisco when he was murdered -- along with mayor george moscone on november <NUM> , <NUM> , by fellow supervisor , dan white ( who later claimed the infamous `` twinkie defense '' ) . the film `` the times of harvey milk '' firmly places the murder of milk , a gay politician , into the politically significant context of the times . the crime , the verdict , and the sentence served were all shocking . this film tells the story behind the headlines . milk was a stockbroker on the east coast , when he decided to pull up roots and head for san francisco . he opened a camera shop on castro street and quickly earned the name of `` mayor of castro street '' for his enthusiastic community involvement . his interest led to several failed attempts to run for city office , but when the city 's elections ran by district -- rather than citywide -- milk became the newly elected supervisor for the sixth district . milk 's enthusiasm and talent for politics thrived in city hall . the film includes photographs , newsreel footage , and many interviews with those who crossed milk 's path in a professional or personal capacity . milk was passionate about public transportation , rent control , and the rights of seniors and gays . white , on the other hand , found san francisco 's gay day `` obscene . '' eerily , there are several photos of milk that also include his killer -- clean cut , ex-fireman and family man , supervisor dan white . the film explores the flavour of the times -- san francisco was becoming a gay mecca , and there were some people who could n't adjust to that fact . senator john briggs , who called san francisco `` the moral garbage dump of the nation '' was fighting to get a proposition put on the ballot that would allow gay teachers to be fired . milk fought this ballot tooth and nail , and it failed . the film `` the times of harvey milk '' includes two discs . one disc contains the film , and the other disc is packed with extra features -- including coverage of the film 's premiere in castro street , a dan white update , 1st and 25th anniversary events of the crime , director 's commentary , the academy awards <NUM> , and a photo gallery . for those of us who remember the headlines , `` the times of harvey milk '' is a fascinating documentary that places the crime firmly in the context of its time -- displacedhuma
john mcphee rides with a cross-country trucker who hauls chemicals ; takes a course in piloting ocean going vessels ; navigates the illinois river with a thousand foot string of barges ; describes how a million packages a night are sorted and shipped from a ups facility and rides in the cab of a mile long train hauling coal . his descriptions are full , informative and never , ever boring ( except once when he describes a canoe trip , but that chapter is easily skipped ) . there is a very slight hint of condescension in mcphee 's narrative ; he is always at pains to remind the reader how little formal education his subjects have . perhaps this is something ingrained from his new yorker writing . fortunately this habit is neither overly intrusive nor obnoxious . his descriptions of each of his adventures ( other than the canoe trip ) are wonderfully informative . his sense of awe at ups 's massive and incredibly complex sorting facility comes through to the reader along with a marvelously detailed description of how the of miles and miles of conveyors and automated tools acting with very little human intervention move more than a million packages a night . mcphee made me wish i could join a tow boat captain as he maneuvers a thousand foot line of barges up and down a narrow river . or sit in the cab of a locomotive as it loads up more than a hundred cars with tons of call , a train more than a mile long that can be ascending one side of a grade while descending the other . overall it 's quite a set of adventures and one well worth reading . jerr
a comprehensive text that is easy to read and comprehend.very helpful for anyone planning to lead a group in therapy
ordered item arrived earlier than advertised and in perfect condition . very satisfied and willing to do business with amazon again
i heard dominic perform two songs from his album on mike & amp ; the mad dog and ordered it that day . i knew he was a good singer having seen him perform on the sopranos but i was really knocked out by this album . i love his version of o sole mio and the song from the godfather ( parla piu piano ) but what i really love is the song he wrote song a napoletano . it is the very essence of this cd . the best part is you 'll be serenaded by his voice regardless of whether you understand or speak italian . a great find
i bought this because i was trying expand my horizons , you know ? culturally and mentally , you know ? seriously though i was in the shop and i was having a gaze around the place and then this picture just jumps out at me , and i picked it up and it was this debussy chap and id heard about him on the bbc learning zone so i thought ; why not ? ; seriously though i dragged it home and i popped it in the old cd player and it floored me ....... i mean seriously this thing ... amaazing stuff .. i mean todays music has nothing , nothing nothing on this stuff right here . some good tracks are : track <NUM> is the best . the opening flute on the track is totally chilled and cool , reminds me a bit of track <NUM> on ill communication by the beastie boys ... a coincidence ? ? ? the only weak track on the album is track <NUM> , the unfortunately titled `` childrens corner suite : golliwoggs cake walk '' the music is just dated man , just as dated as the title . overall though this is a quality album , with chills , spills and thrills . seriously though a fine effort
`` munich '' is not one of steven spielberg 's best films , but it is still worth watching due mainly to a brilliant cast.eric bana , geoffrey rush , and daniel craig are especially outstanding.the film also has an impressive physical production and a haunting john williams score . but there are problems.for one thing , it 's too long.that seems to be a problem many directors have today.why do all of today 's big movies have to run nearly three hours ? spielberg could have cut half an hour , and the film would have been much better.but the biggest problem is that spielberg , kushner , and roth have really stacked the deck for israel here . the story is entirely one-sided.there is an excellent scene where the arab and israeli agents confront each other , and the three filmmakers would have been wise to pursue that angle.instead , no explanation is given to the arabs'side or to why they seized the athletes in the first place.the result is a decidedly unbalalnced story.and the ending is ambiguous.still , `` munich '' is an ambitious film worth watching
i had this book on my shelf for a while before i cracked it open , knowing nothing about it except the synopsis on the back and that it came recomended from another book . the author goes into slight tangents of historical events -- at the beginning it seems pointless . after a while , you understand all the links , and begin to become very interested in this character that is much like many careless intellectual college drop outs who never found it fullfilling and always found themselves bound by the system . maybe i liked it because i identified with her -- almost too much -- even though she is far richer and always seeking to put herself in a situation most level headed people would n't . that 's what makes her facinating . in hind sight , i can see why many people did n't like it , but reading it , i was devoured by her smart writing style and the storyline . not until 3/4ths into the book you suspect anything out of the ordinary . suspensful , definately . the last chapter was kind of anticlimactic .
very nice collection of mid to late <NUM> 's top <NUM> tracks . first time true stereo on `` love is all around '' and `` whiter shade of pale '' , and even the ones you may have already sound better than ever . i might have left off `` keep on dancing '' for something that has n't popped up on a dozen other compilations , but that 's a minor gripe . i do n't think that any oldies collector will be disappointed with this cd . like the other guy said , just buy it .
long spoon lane : a charlotte and thomas pitt novel , by anne perry was another excellent mystery set in perry 's evocative victorian setting . the mystery in this novel was not of the `` knock your socks off who would have ever thought it '' type . it was , rather , a very evenly paced novel in which many of the developments involved terrorism and the government 's response to the terrorists ' acts . it was very interesting to read about a piece of legislation that some of the characters supported . the legislation involved giving the police easier rules and access to search people and their homes . the obvious allusion to america 's patriot act and the debate it has spawned is an excellent piece of the overall picture . this book focused on thomas primarily , and his relationship with one of his true enemies . his professor moriarty if you will . i recommend this book and give it a solid and well deserved <NUM> out of <NUM> stars .
i could n't put it down . i think it really sets the reader up with a better understanding of iran in the 20th century , and how things have gotten so out of hand there now <NUM> years after the ordeal ended
once again , kushner brings his deep pastoral sensitivity to bear on poetry , literary structure and theology in this much loved psalm . his writing style is gentle and accessible to all , as he reflects on the twenty-third psalm .
a very well-considered look at the realtionship between digital communications technology and local communities , with particularly good treatment of public access , education , and attempts to use computers to enhance , rather than undermine , neighborhood and community relations . highly recommended
all of the books in the dish series are awesome ! they are about best friends forming a cooking club . the three original best friends , the twins molly and amanda and their friend shawn take cooking classes in park terrace . they find out that a girl in their school and grade who they do n't know really well , peichi is also taking classes . then , there is natasha ross , who spread a mean rumor abot the twins and shawn , is taking cooking classes too . the twins peichi , shawn and natasha all become best friends . then a boy named justin mcelroy , who amanda thinks is pretty cute moves to the neighborhood . their family has an electrical fire in their kitchen and to help them , the chef girls cook a week 's worth of dinners for them because they have to stay in an apartment . after this job they come up with a great idea to form a cooking business . will their business take off like a rocket ?
dude , nobody rocks it like the hoff ! as hard as it may be to believem his musical talents actually equal-maybe even surpass-his skills as a thespian ! i was first exposed to the hoff 's amazing vocal talents when he guest starred on the classic series , kids , incororated . imagine how exciting it was for a young tyke to see knight rider singing on saturday morning tv ! y'know , knight rider was probably the greatest series ever about a talking car , but they really dropped the ball by not having the hoff sing more . maybe even a duet of the hoff and kitt of ebony and ivory . knight rider would 've been like <NUM> bajillion times awesomer if it was a musical like cop rock . cop rock rules ! but i 'm not reviewing cop rock , i 'm reviewing the hoff 's awesome retrospective album , which is a great overview of the hoff 's career , altho obviously , you 're going yourself a disservice to not buy the original albums ; a lot of great stuff there . but if you want an album that rocks the house , this is the one for you . dude , i hope when they do the movie of knight rider it 's a musical . that 'd be the awesomest movie eve
this is a wonderful collection ! it is misleading and disappointing to see the rating for this set so low -- especially when many ratings were based on `` wide screen '' as opposed to `` full . '' the format does n't change the story or the fun viewers have watching . `` gidget goes to rome '' , however , is my least favorite . james darren had chemistry with sandra dee and deborah walley ; it was lacking with cindy carol . enjoy the innocence of an era gone and relish the fact that we are fortunate these movies are still around -- - in wide or full screen
only gay song here is victim of a criminal . everything else makes for a complete album with some real winners like liquid separation , plasma springs , sex offender , and this faith . in my opinion the essence of fla lies in gashed senses & crossfire , state of mind and tni , but millennium is just a killer cd regardless of who put it out . if you 're new to fla and this is the only one you have heard and you like the style then you might not like other fla before this release . i think they tried to evolve millennium into later releases but failed . its one of those cd 's so good it was probably an accident . :
`` valley of the dolls '' is pure fun . it 's got great characters -- from the small town girl trying to make it in the big city to the actress who needs to feel real to the singer who wants it all . reading this , i was reminded of today 's soap operas and also other novels of this genre . it was , for me , a fun read , though sometimes a little dark . it 's an older book but i think it 's withstood the test of time . i definitely recommned it , along with `` take your shirt off '' or anything by jackie collins .
bottom line : a very enjoyable album for anyone with an open mind . girlfriends , boyfriends , single people , married people , old , young , male , female . you probably already know ( and like ) at least <NUM> songs from this album : `` every morning '' , `` someday '' , `` falls apart '' . so , you 're already off to a great start . and , for those of you old-school sugar ray rock fans , there 's plenty here for you . try `` personal space invader '' , `` aim for me '' , `` glory '' , and `` burning dog '' if you enjoy cranking it to <NUM> . actually , this album is predominantly rock inspired ... if you 've listened to the whole thing . hip hop fans will find `` live and direct '' featuring krs-one to be a pleasant little surprise . <NUM> 's fans will take to their spiced up rendition of steve miller 's `` abracadabra '' . and , they 've got some nice softer tunes in the form of `` ode to the lonely hearted '' and `` even though '' ( a song which seems to have jumped off the time machine from the <NUM> 's or something ... good stuff ) . and , of course there a bits and pieces of that trademark sugar ray humor thrown about the album . like they always say , sugar ray is all about having fun . period . if things like `` image '' matter to you , then steer clear of this band . if dogmatic adherence to one specific style of music ( and only one specific style of music ) excites you then steer clear of this band . but , if you like having fun with your music ( a.k.a . enjoying it ) and if you can appreciate diverse musical influences , then here ya ' go
great price , fast delivery , cd in excellent condition ! what more could you ask for ? ? !
it was just as i remembered it . i had a good time watching it with my daughter.she ca n't believe what we use to think was scary . laur
this is a book that really sweeps you away . danielle steel is such a talented writer , this book displays that talent at it 's best . if you 're looking for a love story , a story about marriage , a story about struggles & amp ; survival ... this book has all of that . this is a classic steel book , go pick it up & amp ; read it !
this book gives really good step-by-step instruction on drawing fairies . from what materials to use to general drawing techniques . i really love linda 's work so that is an added bonus .
the most complete and humane gangster movie ever packaged . immersed in news reel style contextual storytelling , with plenty of character driven entertainment . it is astounding how many popular songs of the day are in this film . cagney is superb and the most likeable `` gangster '' you could imagine . most of the characters have a story to tell all of their own
this is by far one of the best books i have ever read . this is something our school kids should be required to read as well . the <NUM> ladies who wrote this book did an excellent job of telling lois jenson 's real story . her story , while tragic , needs to be told . the movie does n't do this book justice
this is a good critique of the assumptions made by eurocentric historians over the years about the superiority of europe as compared to the inferiority of the rest of the world . blaut effectively examines and explodes each theory dispassionately but thoroughly . finally he comes up with his own explanation for european success since <NUM> : america . europe 's & quot ; discovery & quot ; of and exploitation of north and south america gave it the wherewithall it needed to overtake and surpass the rest of the world . a well written , well documented assessment which deserves a place beside the great divergence and reorient , among others
i am constantly amazed at how stupid some people can be , and many are noted in this book . i 'm fascinated by the subject matter . i enjoyed how the author presented the various cases - similar to over the edge : death in the grand canyon . i would recommend this book
highly recommended for personal insights . densely packed with information clarifying difficult concepts . this book will give you some clear insights into things you may not have received along the way and how to get past those . although it is thin , the book has an incredibly large amount of information in it . this is the kind of book you will read the first time with an expression of `` wow '' on your face . it will then be something that you will be drawn back to read again and again . even if you do n't feel you `` missed anything '' along the way , the books insights and examples will provide great insights to you . it will provide great understanding of the self and others , therefore anyone can benefit from reading it . if you liked fromm 's the art of loving you will love this book as well . the premise of this book being , we are all gifted and it is up to us to reclaim that understanding . excellent self-help material
this is by far the best book on international adoption out there and i 've looked at plenty . actually , this book is for anyone thinking about any form of adoption because it has a great and succinct discussion and comparison of all forms of adoption . although the book goes on to a thorough coverage of international adoption , davenport is clear that all forms of adoption should be considered and there is no one type of adoption that is best for everyone . i love davenport 's thoroughness and her compassion for parents and kids . the book covers everything a prospective parent needs to think about , but davenport is nonjudgmental about many of the choices parent will have to make . with each choice she urges parents to be honest with themselves and to put the interest of the child first . because we are at the beginning stages of considering adoption , i found the first couple of chapters most helpful : are we ready to move on to adoption , what type of adoption is best for us , how to choose a country , and how to choose an agency . i especially loved the chapter on choosing a country and the charts at the back of the book on each of the top <NUM> ( ? ) placing countries . davenport has a website [ ... ] that keeps these charts up to date . regardless of which type of adoption we choose , i know that i will use the rest of the book as a reference , especially if we decide on international adoption . davenport takes your hand and walks you through absolutely every experience you may have from finding the money , to surviving the homestudy , to preparing the paperwork , to waiting for your child , to traveling to meet your child , to the first days together , to the first year home . i liked her lists of questions to ask agencies , references , your child 's caregiver , etc . i also loved her section on attachment and how to help foster it . she explained it in a way that i understood and left me feeling hopeful , not scared . the complete book of international adoption is a gem and a must for any parent thinking about adoption
unfortunately there have been some negative reviews towards this film , which in my opinion is one of disney 's best motion pictures . the art is gorgeous and sets a tone that is lacking in the newest disney films . even with the advent of computer generated images and improved techniques for classic animation , the old disney art presents a certain character and feel that i prefer over the newest animation . i 've watched this multiple times with my <NUM> year old cousin and he enjoys it quite a bit . it 's a classic that follows the tradition of films such as lady and the tramp , the sword in the stone , and robin hood
i 've had this video since '95 ' . i have been on a mission to find a video that is equivalent or even half the work out . no luck . when i get done with this video i feel like i actually worked out . awesome exercise video , i wish there were more like it
i had this for my business law class and it was excellent ! it is easy to read , the cases are interesting and the format is one of the best for a textbook ! it made business law enjoyable
this album is one of the main reasons why i do n't buy the argument that everything recorded by sly stone after `` fresh '' is n't worth listening to . i bought this disc with low expectations , but after one listen i was convinced that this album was overlooked . to me , `` high on you '' is like a more upbeat `` there 's a riot goin ' on '' . it almost seems like this album had the same production quality with the funk format of heavy bass , keyboards , backup vocalists , and driving beats . the main difference between the two albums is the lyrics : sly seemed to be in a much better mood when this one was recorded . this disc seems a little looser and jazzier too . the instrumental `` green eyed monster girl '' is a good example , with a funky keyboard solo that sprawls over the entire four minute track . the liner notes indicate that sly had a heavy hand in the recording of `` high on you '' , stating that he played `` everything - ? ! ! '' . it makes sense then that this album was credited to him rather than sly and the family stone . however , this album seems to have been dismissed , which is a shame . this may not have been his most memorable work , but this is a damn funky album and i ca n't find fault with that .
for an avid reader like myself , it 's often tough to know what to read next . in this book , nancy pearl helped me get quite a few suggestions . the book is helpfully broken up into little chapters about different genres or subjects , such as action heroines . i found it great , because if i 'm not interested in that particular subject , i can just skip to the next section . the only thing that prevented me from giving this book <NUM> stars was that the summaries about the books are way too short . i really could n't tell whether i 'd like the book or not until i had come and read a few of the book 's reviews on amazon . all in all , this is a marvelous book , chock full of great suggestions for the casual and avid reader . i recommend it wholeheartedly
i was impressed by this clear and concise guide . as an undergrad , i took a legal writing class . we had no textbook , but we could have used this one . now , i 'm in law school , where i found this book on my own . half the work is trying to figure out what legal types are saying . judges and lawyers could make my job easier by reading this book . as a student , i find it a good resource to help avoiding such pitfalls
i listen to a ton of trance artists in the psychadelic/goa esque genre , and i must say that i have yet to hear anything that can even remotely compare to infected mushroom . the originality , detail , and craftsmanship that goes into their music is quite frankly amazing . b.p . empire is one of many amazing infected mushroom albums . generally it is a bit more ambient , and on some tracks possibly a bit more somber than some of their other realeases , but never the less it is a great album . my personal favorite tracks are noise maker and p.g.m .. dancing with kadafi is a track which is more of an experimental track , which appears to be the birth of the second disc from converting vegetarians ( which is an experimental or like im says , & quot ; other side & quot ; to infected mushroom which is like everything else they do , incredible. ) . like all infected mushroom albums , the quality of the production of b.p . empire is among incredible . one of the most amazing aspects of infected mushroom is their ability to cleanly mix a multitude of synth and percussion sounds simultaneously and make the mix sound tight and refined , and not like a huge mess . they are quite an amazing group , and at the time are probably my favorite artist in any genre . i also find it amazing how many people that i have showed infected mushroom to , that do n't even listen to trance , are hooked on infected mushroom . i highly suggest that you pick up their albums if you love trance and have an open mind . i promise you will not regret it
if you really want to work on your personal and spiritual growth , you will read this book . the author makes it so easy to understand and implement these agreements into your life
i do n't know much about danielle 's genre of music but i thought this was a very good album and she sounds as good as any other female pop star out there . why she has n't had the break-through i have no idea . the lyrics are interesting and she sings with a great deal of power . her cover of `` gim me some sign '' was excellent .
penelope fitzgerald is at her most devilishly entrancing in this tale revolving around the london acting school run ( and i mean run ! ) by freddie , a larger-than-life gorgon whose will can not be resisted . fitzgerald has fun skewering the backstage pretentions , intrigue and petty jealousies of the london theater world of the early 1960s , but , clearly loving every seedy corner of it , she celebrates it with such gusto that you want to sign up on the spot for a season or two . that combination of wryness and fondness makes this short novel among fitzgerald 's most satisfying . and when freddie goes out looking for a pound or two , hang on to your wallets
the mix is not up to par on this one , i hear alot of people complain abou the production . but the mix is my only problem with this very unique album from one of the worlds best metal bands today . jas
if you did n't know him from hootie and the blowfish , do n't worry , you did n't miss much ! but , if you do n't purchase this cd , you will be missing a lot ! he is courageous to buck against the record companies and go independent ! thanks darius because this cd is the bomb ! if you do n't want to take my word for it , just listen to wild one ! great song to put in your car 's cd changer to drive to this summer
i had heard phrases like `` stepford wife , '' `` stepford wife-ish , '' and so forth over the years . after seeing this movie , i can see what people were talking about . this <NUM> chiller features katherine ross as joanna eberhart , a new york city wife , mother , and budding photographer who moves with her husband and kids to stepford , a beautiful , seemingly perfect suburb . i say `` seemingly perfect '' because while stepford is beautiful , there 's something peculiar going on , particularly with the women . they are beautiful , polite , soft-spoken , and seem to live only for being betty crockers . it does n't take long for joanna and her new friend , spirited , strong-minded bobbi markowe ( paula prentiss ) , to notice that something is a little off about these women . as it turns out , something is a little off -- they 're not human , they 're robots . that is , robots who live only to cook , clean , and please their husbands 24/7 . were they always like this ? no . once upon a time , they were actually human beings , with minds , personalities , opinions , feelings , and talents all their own . so what happened ? it seems they they 've been turned into robots by husbands who decided that they needed quiet , smiling , and submissive wives who would do whatever -- and i do mean whatever , including have sex -- they were told to do . joanna and bobby -- and a third woman named charmaine ( tina louise ) -- are the only women who still have a sense of themselves . but not for long , for soon thereafter , charmaine becomes one of them , and eventually , even bobbi , and sadly , joanna , become stepford wives , too . some of the reviewers have said that the ending -- where the wives are seen strolling through supermarket aisles in their dresses and hats -- was shocking . i did n't see it that way . to me , the ending was more sad than shocking -- sad in that joanna and the other wives were no longer themselves , no longer possessed the qualities that made them who they were . during the movie , joanna talks to her husband about surviving -- that is , surviving to stay true to herself even when the other women around her have literally become clones . when joanna is turned into one of them , she has been killed -- in more ways than one . that 's what happened to the stepford wives -- in the end , none of them survived
you can find an excercise with almost every type of approach to tarot here . if you want fun excercises and tarot information from someone who really knows the art-then i would definitely suggest this book
written as a textbook and how-to . good illustrations . best when used with the bosch factory manua
not only does swedenborg 's heaven & amp ; hell provide rational answers to the question , & quot ; what is this life and this world all about anyway ? & quot ; but it also gives us the combination to unlock the door to happiness . what 's more , one of swedenborg 's central statements is that everyone may choose to enter into heavenly happiness . this is incredible ! the choices we make in our daily lives , whether from loving or hateful motives , are an expression of the ultimate choice we will make about what kind of place we wish to dwell for eternity . the further implications of this idea is that as we form our lives by the choices that we make , we can choose to become more and more & quot ; heavenly happy , & quot ; right here , right now , if we apply the ideas in swedenborg 's book to our lives today . i found these concepts to be inspirational and informative , a book that could be read over and over , always discovering some new gem of wisdom
i was very satisfied with this purchase . book was brand new as represented and was shipped in a most epedient manner
calling all `` black sheeps of the family '' - it is never too late for your family to come around . in this simple yet powerful story , april and her mother learn that sometimes , those we have the most conflict with are those who are most like us . painful as it seems , we must all come to terms with dissapointment and overcome our personal fears of rejection when revealing our true selves .
punch drunk love gave adam sandler a chance to show that he can play a serious role . there are plenty of laughs in this picture but one can never laugh at the main character . he is faced with what appear to be insurmountable odds , and he is a `` nice guy . '' therefore , the audience is hoping that somehow things will work out for him , but it is very uncertain what will happen ! this picture is a bit dark , so be aware that you may find yourself shocked at times , but hang on to the end . it 's worth it !
as a teenager , i first became interested in the martial arts by watching james west ply his trade in this series . although his defensive and offensive moves now look phony and ineffective , <NUM> years ago they completely captured my attention and imagination . initially , i tried my hands and feet at a number of martial arts styles before settling on john mcsweeney 's version of kenpo karate . ( john was one of ed parker 's first black belts . ) i was the head instructor at his school , self-defense unlimited , in elmhurst , illinois , for over <NUM> years , eventually earning a 7th degree black belt . as editor of the american kenpo karate association newsletter , i wrote many articles on the martial arts , as well as two books that are sold on amazon . and , of course , i learned the value of working out every day and pushing my body to its limits -- and beyond . the bottom line is that wild wild west truly had a profound influence on my life . and as this dvd set shows , it was also one of the most entertaining programs to ever hit the tube
i hated to see this series cancelled . it was great , different from all the other shows out there . thankfully it is out on dvd , with episodes that were not aired on t.v . i like to think of the <NUM> episodes a a mini seroes of sorts . although it does leave the watcher wanting more , it sort of ties itself up nicely
i think this dvd is great ! there are many ballet dictionaries available but to see how the steps are done is more useful and clear than mere words could describe . unlike some other reviewers , i found the dvd quality to be fine . this dvd is an invaluable reference for any ballet student . although i have been learning ballet for only <NUM> 1/2 years as an adult ballet student with no ballet background at all , i now take 8-14 classes a week ( with teenage students ! ) and have managed to reach level <NUM> and even do pointe work so i can say with the conviction of a serious ballet student that - this dvd is an excellent reference for anyone interested in learning ballet . i would recommend the dvd version instead of the vhs because it makes for easier and quicker selection of topics ( imagine having to rewind and forward on vhs ! ) . if you 're thinking of getting this dvd , go for it
subtitled `` a scientist 's search for common ground between god and evolution , '' this book is a thoughtful and serious attempt to resolve the question of whether a sincere christian ( or adherent of any other western religion , which is his main focus ) can also accept darwinian evolution . in the first chapter , miller recounts his religious catholic upbringing , his introduction to darwin ( dogged by warnings that he was reading a `` dangerous '' book ) , and his later decision to enter the field of biology . the next part of the book looks at the development of the scientific method and the theory of evolution , as well as painstakingly and devastatingly refuting the three major schools of opposition to it . he shows that the proponents of these `` alternatives '' misunderstand and distort science , continue using obsolete arguments long after they are debunked , and make no effort to do scientific research of their own while demanding that their ideas be accepted as science . he also argues that they present profoundly flawed pictures of god , as evidenced by his chapter titles : `` god the charlatan , '' `` god the magician , '' and `` god the mechanic . '' miller also tackles head-on the most legitimate beef of the anti-evolutionists , the use of `` darwinism '' by many scientists to attack religion and to claim that if nature can be explained and understood , god is proven not to exist or life proven to be purposeless . he feels that it is as wrong to make these claims as it is to attempt to use science to `` prove '' that god does exist . the final third of the book is devoted to a passionate and well thought out case that acceptance of the truth of evolution is not only not a bar to a sincere and committed religious outlook , but can be , in conjunction with other areas of science , an affirmation of it . i wo n't try to summarize or do justice to his argument here , but i believe that many who are more traditional than i am will find it convincing . i do n't think that miller will convert any atheists to his point of view , but that is not his purpose . what he is doing is reaching out to believers and offering them a place at the table instead of antagonizing them and pushing them away , without compromising his scientific integrity . his obvious enthusiasm for science and love of god make him a perfect person to do this , and given that people are most belligerent when they feel that their core beliefs are being threatened , it seems to me to be a very sensible course to follow
the bedford guide to literature brings together some of the most timeless and representative stories , poems , and dramas of wesetern culture to educate the reader on such literary concepts as theme , plot , symbolisim , and various structures of short stories , poems , and plays . this book is easily understood by readers of many levels , andshould be enjoyed by al
this is a book that you 'll read over and over . you 'll dog ear the pages and turn them yellow with highlighter . there is pure gold to be mined on every page . what makes this book so valuable is the science behind persuasion that mr. hogan explains in easy to understand language . you walk away with a real understanding of how to persuade and why it works . in fact , i found the chapter on the impact of non-verbal communication to be worth the whole price of the book and even more . after i read this book , i was surprised it was n't priced in the $ <NUM> range like many of the other persuasion books . this book should be considered a primer for everyone who wants to seriously persuade . get it , read it , use it , persuade , profit .
it 's freakin '' awesome . it was perfect from the start all the way to the end . i was just amazedddd by how it was able to keep me on the edge of the chair the whole time . just amazing . and i highly recommend you to watch this movie
all the little animals follows the off-kilter adventures of bobby platt ( christian bale ) , a young man who 's been left a simpleton by the long-ago car accident that damaged his brain but not his soul . he wholeheartedly loves animals and he 's got a pet mouse named peter , but bobby has to keep peter hidden from his wicked stepfather , de winter ( daniel benzali ) . unable to handle de winter 's abuse any longer bobby runs away , hitchhiking from london to cornwall , where he meets mr. summers ( john hurt ) . summers is a quiet man who 's devoted his life to giving dead animals a reverent burial , and he trains bobby to follow in his footsteps . even though the movie 's title is all the little animals , there are n't any developed animal characters . peter is cute , but he 's out of the picture pretty quick . the rest are corpses , or depicted in wistful dream sequences ( the fox is a fixture , and there 's also an otter , a horse and a beaver ) . the human characters are sort of one-dimensional - particularly the fat - but the actors are all superb . benzali and hurt 's reputations precede them , but bale is very underrated . that may change when his high-profile role of batman hits the big screen , but as of now the general public does n't know him . he 's an actor of great range , proven by his equally convincing portrayals of simple and sweet bobby platt in all the little animals and diabolical , murderous patrick bateman in american psycho shortly after . staci layne wilson author of staci 's guide to animal movie
charles petzold is truly the funniest man in america , i laughed until i cried . the chapter on dialog boxes was shines as an example of american humor at its best . <NUM> stars charlie
i 'll make this review short and sweet , because i 'm feeling lazy today . anyways i 've had this cd for about <NUM> months and whenever i pop it in my mind is blown away , and my brains are thrown in a blender . these guys have two singers , and they both constantly switch off between different vocal styles , the brutal death style , the hardcore style , high pitched screams , and it blends together in a way that you will not be able to comprehend . one thing this band does not do is ever sing like a wussy , no emo garbage here . basically if you think you 're some big tough death-core kid because you listen to premonitions of war , the acacia strain or the red chord , you do n't know nothing until you 've heard this . no disrespect to the latter three bands , they are some of my favorites , and some of the best live .... but this cd is something else . now come to colorado , despised icon because i wan na see how much chaos you cause live . buy this if you want to hear one of the heaviest bands in existenc
this dvd had me in tears laughing ! this is a hill-air-ee-us program ! ! if your a fan of subversive humor , you will not be able to stop watching this ! ! ! cant wait for season <NUM>
despite the few bad reviews i 've read , i decided to buy the cd and decide by myself . and i do n't regret it . the songs may not be easy to listen , but like any good book or great piece of art are hard to read and understand , if you are willing to get delighted by real music , you 'll get it . there 's lots of talent on this cd . it made my imagination and philosophies fly , made me cheerful , made me sad . my favorite songs : it ; s hard to decide between so many . it brightenly opens with `` no more a-roving '' which , regardless of not containing leonard 's lyrics , he makes of this poem such a song ! ! ! i love to listen to it while in my deck on a clear full moon night . `` nightingale '' lifts up my mood so much and makes me feel so much at home ( specially because i live in the mountains/woods ) and am a nature/wildlife lover . `` the faith '' , just soothes my soul and relaxes me so much that takes me floating to the highest cloud , while listening to it watching the sun set on a cold afternoon .... but right away i get up and start dancing to the tunes of `` tennessee waltz , which is not out of tune like some reviewer mentioned . here , leonard is singing as imitating a `` country/folk `` singer due to the roots of the song . i love that song too ! in summary : i have to clean my cd , because i had played it over and over , and over and over ... and i think it 's dirty now ... like they said : `` in the repetition you 'll find the taste '' leonard 's voice and anjani 's vocals make an amazing contrast . i give this cd a `` five '' . some may say because it fits my personality . i love contrast . i like being sad and then happy right after . i like to sooth my soul . i like leonard cohen
coolio 's latest album is alright but some of the songs just did n't make much sense
i 've been listening to pt for several years now , and have found their music most moving . i really would n't care if they sound like pink floyd , or whomever . i do n't believe that steven wilson sits around trying to imitate one group or another . i think it could be said that most artists have their influences from many sources , from many inspirations . so , thank you steven for re-issuing this cd , and adding such quality and care to the songs . i believe you will influence many other future artists with your creativity . you certainly influence me to listen and enjoy . after all , my son and i travelled over <NUM> miles , one way , just to see pt in michigan , and thoroughly enjoyed every minute of the concert
entertaining and fun relationship flick with the outstanding team of meg ryan and tom hanks . these two always work great together
this great work by phil yancey was the christian book of the year in the <NUM> 's , and has lasted the test of time . this is easily the best book on the subject of pain and suffering that i have read ; it 's teachings are on the mark and scriptural . yancey nails it when he writes that the suffering in this world is a democracy ; that we are all part of it , we all suffer , and we all can help . he makes some fine points considering all areas of the subject . he clearly balances the sovereignty of god and his will with our blessings as his children and our works . he hits on sowing and reaping , as well as the fact that just like job , sometimes bad things happen to us not as a direct result of anything we did . what i like best is yancey dives right in , going to leper colonies and interviewing with people who have suffered life-time dehabilitating injuries . it 's interesting to see how they 've coped and how they view god , and how their suffering has changed their personal relationship with god . indeed suffering is universal , yet there is no universal answer behind the causes of it or how to deal with it . i 've heard pastors preach that people have died because they smoked cigarrettes , or got a sexually transmitted disease because of permiscuous sex . but the question begs to be asked , what about those who did those things and did n't die ? is it different for a christian as opposed to a non-christian ? what man on this earth walks close enough with god to have the power to decide what sin resulted in what judgment ? if earthquakes are a judgment from god , ... are headaches a judgment from god too ? and it 's certainly an issue that none of us should be pompous about . one reviewer gave this book a one-star rating , saying that `` god gives suffering when believers desecrate his house . '' this is a type of religious crap that this book dispells . is n't it true that none of us are righteous ; even our righteous acts are like filthy rags to the lord ? then are we categorizing sin by saying that homosexuality can destroy a nation , but the hateful attitude of a right-wing pastor can not ? if christians who tithe are to be blessed by god , then why have some 'tithers ' went bankrupt , while some athiests ( and christian false-teachers ) become million-aires ? did 9/11 happen because of the liberal and homosexual communities , as said jerry falwell and pat robertson ? or did it in fact happen because w and the family have gotten in bed financially with saudi arabia and other muslim nations , none of which give a rats a__ about america , and even profited from 9/11 when america spent billions on weapons and defense programs ..... run by saudis . only a true biblical view of the causes and lessons of suffering can help our walk with god to be more fruitful . you 'll find no faith/health/prosperity quick fixes in this one . you 'll also find nobody on this earth who knows all the answers . this book definitely gives power to that journey with jesus christ , however . just wondering .... a reviewer of this book has declared a `` chinese victory over the usa '' , and that china is a 'more christian nation ' . woa , dude . they must have better drugs in china too , apparently
when i listen to this cd , i and my friends are instantly tempted to dance . this is a fine cd to have
i bought this album because of the opening track , `` the hollow , '' which , after listening to it online , i felt as if it was the most incredibly melodic rock song i 've heard in a long time . i also thought maynard 's voice sounded absolutely amazing on that song . so i went out a bought the album about an hour ago , literally ! every song is amazing ! even though many of the songs are heavy , they have this highly ambient melodic feel to them , especially with billy howerdel 's and troy van leeuwen 's guitar playing , which really shine all the way through on the album . they use some very interesting guitar effects for virtually every song . in any event , whether you are a fan of tool or not , a fan of maynard 's or not , buy this album ! i 'll admit , i 'm a fan of tool , no doubt , especially the albums `` aenima , '' and `` lateralus , '' which both have some of the most incredible progressive metal music on them , but i almost like this band better . i like the fact that apc is just about as heavy as tool , more melodic , have a more polished sound , are more experimental and progressive ( in my opinion ) than most of what i 've heard from tool . this is not to discredit tool 's work , of course , whose music has already been etched in the alms of metal and hard rock history , it is just to say that apc is another alternative . whether or not this is a `` side project '' of maynard 's or not , it does not matter to me , the band and album is flipping amazing in every which way ! favorite songs : `` the hollow , '' `` orestes , '' and `` <NUM> libras '' .
james mangold identity is one hell of a movie . the twist is amazing , did n't see that coming . the ending will shock you to pieces . john cusack and amanda peet are superb in their roles , he plays a former cop and she plays a hooker trying to get home to flordia . clea duvall also appears in this film , duvall was previously in girl , interrupted ( another mangold film ) . this film kept me interested for all its <NUM> minutes . great direction , top-notch acting , and awesome plot . identity is the best pyschological thriller of all-time , i highly recommend this engrossing little film
this not-quite-debut novel ( fellowes wrote several romance novels in the mid-'70s under the name rebecca greville , including `` poison presented '' and `` court in the terror '' ) ought to appeal to fans of his <NUM> oscar-winning script for the film gosford park . a straightforward satirical comedy of manners set among the upper classes of mid-'90s england and those who aspire to join them , the book is a frothy comic brew which skewers both parties with the kind of pitch-perfect subtle writing that it seems only the british can pull off . the story is quite simple , a pretty woman from an upper middle-class family whose mother has pretentions decides to ensnare a hugely wealthy and dull aristocratic man in order to `` marry up '' into the upper classes which still hold such a mystique and importance in british society . the man 's mother , a formidable marchioness aims to prevent this from occurring but fails . the young woman discovers that life at the top is n't as exciting as she anticipated and runs off with an handsome actor to great scandal . will anyone find happiness at the end ? this is all more or less narrated by a semi-aristocratic actor ( clearly very much like the author ) who is able to move between all worlds due to his upbringing and career . he starts the book as a friend of the young woman and a very passing acquaintance of the young man , and ends up becoming a bridge between worlds and at the latter stages , a kind of discreet go-between . it is his penetrating sardonic insights and the witty formulations thereof which lend what substance there is to this otherwise straightforward love story . much of the novel involves the narrator spelling out the unspoken rules of the game for the reader in deliciously mocking detail . the main flaw in most satire is that it is too broad or unsubtle , but here the narrator 's mockery of the artificially preserved world of the aristocracy is all the more effective from its insider position . to be sure , the characters are mostly `` types '' without a whole lot of substance or depth to them ( the boorish rich pig , the nasty arriviste , the brisk no-nonsense wife , the ice queen , the social climber , etc . ) , but that 's kind of the point as well . a great deal of the satire is that these upper crust people have no personality , that they are all just filling the roles they 've seen before them and imagine will extend after them forever . ultimately , the book is somewhat bittersweet in that the writing is quite amusing , but one ca n't help but feel slightly sorry for how unhappy so many of the characters are ( even if they are n't particularly deeply drawn ) . on the other hand , it 's not too hard to feel like it 's a case of them getting their just desserts ...
bach wrote very , very few variation compositions like the `` goldberg variations , '' but the one 's he wrote are most memorable and monumental . early in his career , he wrote a magnificant `` aria with variations in the italian manner '' ( bwv989 ) . its repeating aria at the end along with the alternating fast/bright and slow/contemplative variations foreshadowed a model in these so-called goldberg variations - one of the towering 'summation works ' bach wrote late in his life at leipzig . with a full quiver of splendid recordings of bach 's keyboard music , it is not hard to believe that angela hewitt is the top-selling musical artist for the british hyperion label . and this recording of her personal favorite golderg variations is another worthwhile cd in the series . angela hewitt 's goldbergs - and really all her bach or couperin in general - may be most simplistically characterized as having a more gentle , graceful and heartfelt style . she particularly excells on bringing out the joyful rhythms in the many baroque-era 'dances ' and as well as the inherent songfulness within the music . technically , her smooth-as-silk long legato line , tasteful ornamental infusions , and intelligent progression all combine to create a delightful experience with bach as heard in this fine recording . additionally , hewitt is a master tonal colorist and is not shy to tactfully use the pedals and nuances of the modern piano to create a greater richness in the music - while taking care to avoid blurring her individual lines . accordingly , she elects a wide dynamic range for this recording to elicit maximum expressivity . where a pianist like glenn gould goes for maximum clarity of parts by completely avoiding the pedal ( creating razor-sharp articulations within a very-forward recorded sound ) , hewitt strives to balance crisp articulation with tonal beauty through such pianistic nuances as well as through a somewhat-spacious ( but clear ) recording ambiance . her creativity in ornamentation and well-chosen shifts of tempo in the repeats ( which she observes here ) adds stylistic interest - but without straying too far from bach 's musical intentions . in comparison to other goldberg recordings ( such as perhahia 's award-winning disc ) , angela hewitt 's readings here seems to possess a more introspective , pensive tone and mood overall . perhaps in the back of her mind she is tempering her expression in light of the legend that bach wrote these pieces for his student goldberg to play at night to help his employer , the insomniac count keyserling , pass the time during his sleepness nights . hewitt 's expressivity in the opening and closing aria is as expected , thoughtful and beautiful . but , in the famous 25th `` black pearl '' variation , she creates a somewhat veiled atmosphere with a slower tempo not unlike a funeral march . personally , i felt it a bit too heavy rather than the more poignant and optimistic mood of perahia - but such is art and individual preference . contrastingly , in the brilliant fast variations , miss hewitt brings an ebulient clarity and precision to the music that is refreshing to mind and spirit . but , it is not the fully unleashed joy that murray perahia finds ( in movements like the first variation ) which overflow with a special vivacity . but hewitt 's readings here overall are no less enjoyable or admirable as such nuances are often purely personal . i tend to prefer perahia 's sparkling version on a sunny morning and hewitt 's more contemplative recording when reading late at night . other notable goldberg recordings come from the bach legend rosalyn tureck whose recordings are often a model for any serious student of the piano . hungarian pianist andras schiff has also recorded some gorgeous bach that often has a similar `` sweetness '' of style as hewitt . as for glenn gould , his landmark 1955/1982 recordings rightfully caused a stirring in the music world and have a striking individuality and brilliantly clear articulation of voices ( assuming you do n't mind his intermittent humming and the less-than-perfect sound quality ) . many others have also given great performances . hewitt 's goldberg cd received strong ratings from from many of the top reviewers like penguin guide and gramophone and stands with a few others among the finer recordings . classicstoday was a bit more critical , giving this cd a rating of 8/10 for artistic quality and 9/10 for sound quality ( noting a tendency for emotive restraint in some variations ) . i mostly agree with this last ( 8/10 ) assessment - out of hewitt 's bach discography , i found her goldbergs very enjoyable but just not quite as magical as her others . but , an additional highlight of this hyperion cd is surely the superbly annotated notes revealing some history of this music and ms. hewitt 's musical insights and approaches to each of the <NUM> variations . the notes alone might make hewitt 's cd preferable to others if you already have a version you really like . all-in-all , a most attractive and admirable recording ( 4.5 stars ) ; but , like other reviewers and gramophone conclude , perahia 's sparkling version ( <NUM> stars ) strikes me as very special and takes top honors here in my opinion
janette oke in this book is wonderful . she places infront of me the examples i need to know . all of us need to know . most people in this world today would not be such wonderful examples . i do not know of many myself . showing me the way to see the positive in the negative , i find that this is a very special book , indeed
sin city was n't really the type of film that everyone would appreciate , one must remember this film comes right out a comic book , i love bruce willis is like one of my favorite actors and he had the perfect voice to do the story telling , his character role was let 's say typical bruce , it can be considered a simple story with a light twist , the plot was reasonable and all in all enjoyable at least for me , i say it 's worth a watch laterz folks .
i loved this movie and all the jack lemmon movies i 've ordered and was very satisfied the delivery of my items . thank yo
i read this book such a long time ago , and i purchased it for my son to read also . this book was the one that made me and advid reader and it is so important for every young adult to read it whether african american or other nationality . it is simply good journalism ! you can really feel where the author is trying to go with his dialogue . it puts peer pressure , city life , drugs , right in the faces of the young adult . it also helps young adults find a solution to an everyday problem . a great gift for any reader . this is something to keep in your library for all times
well , not much to say here . neil ( the bad man with a thousand voices ) and company do exactly what the title says : they unleash pure rock fury . clutch is one of those bands where you ca n't just listen to two or three tunes off the cd ; it demands to be played in its entirety while you and your friends are hopefully partying and freaking out because no band you ever heard in your life jams the way clutch does . a lot different than the classic transnational speedway , but it 's still clutch and every tune is a ten out ten . do n't pass this one up . if you 're new to clutch and want to check one cd out before buying a bunch of them , get tranational speedway league first . after that you 'll grab every other one : trust me . and do n't forget to raise a glass of beer to the live version of spacegrass on here ! necrosoul .
i borrowed this movie for the first time a few weeks ago and after reading the reviews about it , i was n't quite sure how i would feel about it . after watching it , i have to say that i love this movie and bought it the next day . regardless of what critics have written , i loved that they were able to get most of the original cast members to play the roles that made rent a success . yes , they are supposed to be in their <NUM> 's in the play but really , i barely noticed or frankly , could 've cared less . i love jesse l. martin and he was fantastic . idina menzel 's voice is super and was ever surprised that rosario dawson could sing . anthony rapp , adam pascal , wilson jermaine heredia and tracie thoms were great as well . yes they changed and omitted things that are in the broadway play , but if you are truelly a fan of rent , you will overlook that and just enjoy the one thing that is always present : the wonderful songs !
i have had this cd since the day it came out . i have always beena scc fan , murdasquad ... all of em . this cd is by far the tightest . they have too many tracks that just hurt speakers and have tight a $ $ beats . a must have for me .
the main reason in this review is to express my amazement and disbelief in several individuals reviews discrediting c. wilson for his cover of `` let 's chill '' . this whole album is banging , and for you young cats , here 's a little history : `` let 's chill '' was released by guy in ` 90/'91 , ( of course everybody knows teddy riley 's name - if not , come on now , you need to educate yourself on one of the top <NUM> producers of all time ... ) . who in guy sang `` lets chill '' ? aaron hall . who was aaron hall 's inspiration ? matter of fact - who was aaron halls entire vocal style based on ? who did aaron hall himself admit to admiring growing up and mimicking his style ? charlie wilson . it 's even been quoted that `` ... even his vocal distinction is strangely similar to that of charlie wilson , a member of the r & b/funk group the gap band '' . if you are a rookie , please listen to the old gap band albums , and you will see who aaron hall sounds exactly like - lead singer charlie wilson . i actually give more props to charlie wilson for still being able to continue to release albums and make hits , while aaron hall seems to still be in that black hole of nowhere for quite a few years . moving forward , with the new `` lets chill '' remake , charlie is really just putting it down just like guy did , except with the same style that aaron hall bit off of him . man , maybe it 's just me , but i think a lot of people putting reviews on here really do n't really know their music ..
a british translation of `` the longest yard , '' using soccer instead of american football . it is a fun little movie , with typical brit humor
and it is really good . this dvd is great cause it continues where the namek and ginyu sagas left off and sets up the frieza saga . it is a great segway . this dvd also resolves some things left from the saiyan saga . alot happens but i wont ruin it for you . you really should buy this dvd but buy it with frieza : transformation for a real treat
whether or not astrology can help to predict events , this book gives many examples of how astrology has been used by people throughout a very long history . although mention is made of a time when common folk , such as those attending the theater , understood astrological portents as a part of everyday life , the book emphasizes how famous and highly-intelligent people made use of astrology for worldwide matters , as well as for practical , personal application such as the time of death ( even though some , given the knowledge , tried and failed to change the event ) . choosing to elevate the traditional approach over the modern , psychological method is debatable , but the traditional progression in the book from hitler to bush is quite chilling . well worth the read
i bought this the same day i bought nevermind by nirvana , and to this day this album ranks higher on my list of favorites . maybe it 's because i was just a kid when i first heard this , but it sounds so vibrant and original . yeah , the band utilized two bassists to form their sound , which sounds gimmicky until you hear it . basically , they had a guitarist and bassist playing the rhythm/backing parts and one bassist playing the crisp/trebly lead , which gave their sound this bright and aggressive feel . and john penney 's voice is perfect for the music ; it 's a little angry , a little strange , and a little hopeful . this band wo n't be remembered as an `` important '' band ( like nirvana , pearl jam or other bands coming up at the time ) , but i do n't think they would particularly care to be . this is music made for the moment , and sounds pretty pure because of that
`` tinker tailor soldier spy , '' the <NUM> british broadcasting company 's 6-part television serial is , of course , based on the masterful novel , of the same name , by british spymeister john lecarre . the novel , itself , was the first of lecarre 's smiley-karla trilogy , that ends with `` smiley 's people . `` and , as the beneficiary of a first-class production by the bbc , `` tinker '' achieves masterpiece status itself . the series , adapted by the talented arthur hopcraft for the screen , follows lecarre 's complex novel rather closely , giving us the intriguing plot developments , the well-rounded characters , and the witty dialogue . furthermore , the bbc hired some of the best available actors for the many principal roles , and surrounded them with all the extras , the cars , and the location shooting any viewer could wish . the plot concerns george smiley , forcibly retired , along with a number of his good-guy friends , from britain 's spy service , called `` the circus '' by le carre . it is realized that there may be , within the spy service , a mole : a term created by lecarre himself to describe a person recruited in the past , and worked into a sensitive position , before being awakened to start reporting on his surroundings . to , in this case , smiley 's opposite number , the feared karla , chief of the ruthless russian spy machine . as it is realized that there is such a person working , and he is responsible for an unthinkably large amount of damage , including the deaths of several spy networks , and the dismissals of smiley and friends , smiley is drafted to locate him . but smiley must work in secret , with only limited help from the official circus . alec guiness plays smiley with an instinctive understanding of the character that has seldom been bettered . he is , as mentioned previously , surrounded by some of the best actors available : bernard hepton as tobe esterhase , chief of the go-to boys ; ian richardson as the mysterious bill haydon , ian bannen as the victimized jim prideaux , alexander knox as control . also michael jayston as peter guillam , smiley 's protege ; anthony bate as oliver lacon , seasoned bureaucratic infighter ; george sewell as inspector mendel ; terence rigby , and michael aldredge . there 's only one casting mis-step ; hywell bennett as ricky tarr , the spy whose unthinking love affair , with a pretty soviet agent , begins the unraveling of the circus 's dark secret . bennett , who was the pretty-boy flavor of the month back then , simply can not hold the screen with all these heavyweights . it requires some patience , and full attention , to follow this intelligent series , that sometimes moves too slowly for american tastes , but those efforts are surely rewarded . this series is john lecarre , and the bbc , at their best . however , you might want to be sure you can watch it on successive nights , rather than as it was originally shown , on a weekly basis : it 's a lot easier on the memory that way .
i do n't put much significance on the social commentary of movies , but i enjoy this picture 's insulting of human greed and pride . and , it is hilarious while doing it . it does n't even take itself seriously . i think it is very funny while targeting some of humanity 's worst characteristics
i 've found this book to be very informative as well as entertaining . katie tamony 's approach to becoming a second-time mom is extremely reassuring and confidence inspiring
the end of the innocence is don henley 's other best solo album , along with building the perfect beast . the title song , like `` the boys of summer '' from the previous album , made me realize that looking good for my favorite actresses was more important than attending food-related reunions at my old school , especially since most of the staff i knew are gone and many of the changes there have not been for the better . `` i will not go quietly '' and `` new york minute '' made me realize that looking at photos of attractive female celebrities is a good way to inspire myself to avoid an individual i 've had issues with before i do myself in over it , whereas `` little tin gods '' and `` if dirt were dollars '' skewer hypocritical preachers and gossip columnists , respectively , and `` the heart of the matter '' , like the title song , is about letting go , whether of a lost love , a grudge , or your past . overall , the end of the innocence is an album with great music and multilayered lyrical messages . the fact that henley believes that the young australian tourist jailed in indonesia on drug-smuggling charges was wrongfully convicted makes this album an essential purchase for both your ears and your conscience
byrd & amp ; burrell really stand out here.the music here is very essential to the ear.donald byrd has been bad for so long that it 's amazing at his depth & amp ; talent.the music here is in a class all onto it 's own.a must have from two legends.the arrangements & amp ; productions are tight
sean wilsey is certainly a skilled writer . i found his writing style insightful , lively , and very funny . the story of his childhood is jaw-dropping and if it were n't for his wit , this could be a very uncomfortable story to read . i enjoyed the suspense wilsey builds into his story , which can be missing from memoirs . he leads you along with his child 's perspective to keep you turning pages and feel the same jolt he must have felt as a child living through this story . my only real issue with this book was a nagging question in my mind on how much of it was the author working through his childhood pain and how much was revenge or whining . assuming the events described in the book are truthfully presented , i still had a difficult time accepting his parents as complete villains . as he comes to a mild sort of acceptance of his parents ' in the end , i felt i was left out of the journey . still , it is a compelling story with lively writing and well worth reading
wow i just do n't know where to start with this album.well , about the album itself : i think this is best explained by the band , so here 's what they think- `` how strange , innocence '' was our first attempt at an album . we recorded it in january <NUM> in austin : recording took two days , mixing one day , mastering one day . altogether we pressed <NUM> cd-r copies of this album ... we had been a band about seven months when we recorded these songs . a lot of feelings ( excitement/confusion/glimpses of visions/waking dreams/inability to play instruments ) went into this record , but we did n't quite know what to do with those feelings , none of us had even really been in a studio before , and it shows in the recording , the songs show it , too -- it 's a young record . there are no tricks in it . there 's a lightness in a few of the songs that we probably wo n't reach again . it sounds strange to say that instrumental songs are about something , but to us these songs were/are about such things as a couple walking through the park on a winter day , a child playing on <NUM> 's shag carpet , the story of a boy hero leading a revolution against the tyranny of the coal mines . we 've had a bit of a love/embarrassment relationship with the record . at certain points along the way several of us wanted to buy back all the copies and burn them . listening now to this album , it almost seems like a different band composed of four different people . we finally feel okay in re-releasing it , probably because we 've now made a couple of records that are recorded better and that are closer to our visions for them . anyway , we truly appreciate anyone who is interested and listening . thank you . '' that was on the cd itself- hope you found that helpful . i like this cd for two reasons . 1.the wonderful way explosions in the sky can tell a story through their instruments . 2.this album has a distinct sound- one all its own . if you did n't like explosions in the sky before , you will once you listen to this album . -sherman .
i just love it . it 's my second villegas after cafe ole and i like it better than the first one . vocals are intriguing - they lack the professional training and quality and that is what makes them refreshing . i consider it money well spent . i do n't have musical training - i am a non-latino male who is into latin music
the kind of book u want to read when its snowing outside and ure snuggled up under a warm blanket drinking a hot sweet cup of chai ...
still haunting and mysterious just as the first two , this would have to be my most favorite out of the harry potter installments . each track on this soundtrack gives you a clear idea of how the movie is like in your head , having the same theme of the last two movies , but making it more eerie and more amusing to listen to it . having loud tracks , some tracks are beautiful ; such as track <NUM> and track <NUM> . i 'm very happy that most of the tracks are over <NUM> minutes long , not having to change the track in like a minute and able to enjoy the melodic score . john williams is an excellent composer . i highly recommend this to anyone ! <NUM> . lumos ! ( hedwig 's theme ) 5/5 <NUM> . aunt marge 's waltz 4/5 <NUM> . the knight bus 4/5 <NUM> . apparition on the train 5/5 <NUM> . double trouble 5/5 <NUM> . buckbeak 's flight 5/5 <NUM> . a window to the past 5/5 <NUM> . the whomping willow and the snowball fight 5/5 <NUM> . secrets of the castle 4/5 <NUM> . the portrait gallery 5/5 <NUM> . hagrid the professor 5/5 ( sounds renaissance ) <NUM> . monster books and boggarts ! 3/5 <NUM> . quidditch , third year 4/5 <NUM> . lupin 's transformation and chasing scabbers 4/5 <NUM> . the patronus light 5/5 <NUM> . the werewolf scene 5/5 ( exciting ) <NUM> . saving buckbeak 4/5 <NUM> . forward to time past 5/5 <NUM> . the dementors converge 4/5 <NUM> . finale 5/5 <NUM> . mischief managed ! 5/5 hope you enjoy ! jordan overall grade *
this book was just a feature on the sunday morning show . the views of africa that this man has captured from a helicoper are very moving . i not only want to own this book i wish i could go to washington dc and see the exhibit of the original photographs . an exhibition of robert haas 's photographs can be viewed in national geographic 's m street building , october <NUM> , <NUM> , to january <NUM> , <NUM> . but if that is not possible buy the book
what a beautiful record . the sound is so like nick drake and tim and jeff buckley . in this age of candy coated rock and jessica simpson , it is such a relief to hear someone playing real , soulful music . heart searching lyrics and beautiful melodies pared with murdoch 's subtle voice make for a haunting and beautiful album
the film `` ladies in lavender '' is touching and a tear jerker , but , so well done . having the film on dvd was not enough , i needed to have the cd to play when i am driving . the violin virtuosity of joshua bell is magnificient and so pleasing to hear when relaxation is desired
everyone is comparing this follow up novel to `` the three junes '' when a novel is as perfect as that , the follow up is rarely as good . however , i enjoyed this book a great deal . the characters were genuine and very likable . i found it easy to relate to their stories , dilemmas and decisions . i would definitely recommend it
i was very fortunate to have been a volunteer at the musicares person of the year tribute to james taylor on february <NUM> , <NUM> . it was a spectacular evening filled with great music and a wonderful feeling . i have n't seen the dvd yet , but i am very much looking forward to it . if you 're a fan , this is a must have . stars performed james ' music and talked about what his music and life 's work has meant to each of them . i loved sting 's sweet and funny story about evaluating his own musical career prospects after seeing james play for the first time . performers and set list included : sweet baby james - paul simon shower the people - dixie chicks secret of life - india.arie you can close your eyes - sting everybody gets the blues - taj mahal and dr. john country road - keith urban millworker - bruce springsteen you 've got a friend - carole king ( and james ) copperline , shed a little light , fire and rain - james sheryl crow and bonnie raitt also performed , but i ca n't quite recall what . i 'm sure you 'll also get to see james interacting with his wife caroline and two small sons who were there . they seem like a nice family . i had the chance to talk to them briefly and james is as kind and caring as you would imagine him to be . i loved this special evening and am grateful to have played a small part in it .
a vitamin every six minutes ranks up there with voltaire 's <NUM> cups of coffee a day . such monomania would seem frivolous were the stakes not so high . ray is simply a baby boomer limping along better than most , until he catches the singularity train of ( relative ) immortality , which should be along real soon now . except for the occasional howler -- alkaline water comes to mind -- the book offers sensible advice , though he should have included a chapter on how to raise the money to pay for all the tests , vitamins , supplements , and psychiatrists
this is a relatively unknown film noir from the mid '70s , starring gene hackman as a former football player turned private eye who is obsessed by a chess game from the '20s , where one of the players missed a forced mate , and lost instead . he 's hired by a wealthy former hollywood starlet to track down her daughter , which takes him to some of the seedier parts of the florida keys you 'll ever see on film . as is common in other noirs , just about everyone in this film is corrupt , even including hackman 's character himself , to a certain point . as noted by another reviewer , this movie will remind many of 'chinatown ' . in the end , just about everyone loses . i have a copy of this on vhs , and i bought the dvd for the widescreen . i was impressed by the image quality of the dvd -- it 's a little grainy , but overall , quite high quality . i do n't think anyone 's going to be very disappointed by the transfer , considering it 's a mid '70s film . the only extras are some trailers , and a sort of short documentary on the director . hackman is terrific in this , as he is in most of his other films . he can play genial one moment , and a moment later play cynical and tough . it 's too bad he did n't get another opportunity at another role like this . unfortunately , they do n't really make films like this anymore
while browsing aimlessly at a local bookstore , this title caught my eye . just coming off of an enjoyable & quot ; wandering hill & quot ; read , i was primed for more hardscrabble , tooth and nail wild west yarn spinning . that 's exactly what i got . this book is very & quot ; readable & quot ; and kept me up way past my bedtime with its page turning , brutal charms and smoldering promise of sweet revenge . do i care if it is historically accurate ? no . my only gripe is that the book should be longer . then again , any more page volume would have killed hugh glass before his time , so maybe it is the right length ! get this book and enjoy
the perfrect book for a person jonesing for the complete culutral history of the jock . well researched and well structured , the book is a comprehisive guide to everything penis . do n't let whimsical chapter titles like `` the demon rod , '' `` the gear shift , '' and `` the puncture-proof balloon '' fool you ; this is a work of great socio-political importance . as man has evolved , so has his relationship with his organ , and to understand him , you must understand his member . david m. friedman has given you the map towards total penile nirvana
a family on vacation encounters a cold-blooded gang , a gullible and naive housewife is struck by a mysterious ( but hilariously common ) `` illness , '' a 104-year-old civil war veteran is a featured guest at his 62-year-old daughter 's high school graduation -- each of o'connor 's stories portray characters in improbable , bizarre , and ultimately harrowing situations . these tales are weird , surprising , tense , comical , and often unforgettable -- but what exactly do they all mean ? o'connor was often frustrated by the sense that readers and reviewers misunderstood both the intents and the themes of her stories . in her first letter to a fan from atlanta who became a frequent correspondent , she complained that `` she was mighty tired of reading reviews that call ' a good man ' brutal and sarcastic '' and that `` when i see these stories described as horror stories i am always amused because the reviewer has hold of the wrong horror . '' i think she sells herself short with this assessment , however . her stories are brutal , they certainly can be sarcastic -- and the fact that readers confuse the horror is confirmation of the ambiguous and harrowing ( and , yes , gothic ) underworld her characters inhabit . the reason her stories are classics of the form -- and the ten stories in this collection are among the best i 've ever read -- is not only because they are creepy and grotesque , or because she is the master of the ominous set-up and the unexpected ending , but also because after you 've found out what happened you 'll probably lie awake wondering why it happened . `` christian realism '' was how o'connor described her spiritual stance ; `` i write the way i do because ( not though ) i am a catholic . . . . i am a catholic peculiarly possessed of the modern consciousness . '' decades of critics have argued over the theological underpinnings of her fiction , but an assessment by a fellow author named george clay helped me make sense of her themes -- and the author herself approvingly summarized his remarks in her own correspondence : `` [ clay 's ] interesting comment was that the best of my work sounded like the old testament would sound if it were being written today -- in as much ( partly ) as the character 's relation is directly with god rather than with other people 's . '' it 's not hard to find the ghosts of job , ruth , samson , esther , isaac , daniel , and others in all of her stories . whether these echoes make for good theology will depend on the reader 's own spiritual inclinations -- but they certainly make good reading . my favorite piece in this collection is `` good country people , '' probably o'connor 's most famous ( excepting the title story ) . describing a lonely woman with an artificial leg who is seduced by a traveling bible salesman , the story veers into an inexplicable climax that is both devastating and melancholy . and those two words pretty much sum up any of the stories you 'll find here
well we know about this movie for more than <NUM> years that is one of the best . but amazon has a photo on cover that does not exist
richard carpenter has expressed a slight dissatisfaction in horizon , and although i am a huge fan of the carpenters { * he exaggerates ; do n't listen to him . he weighs about <NUM> . * } i fear i must concur with richard 's assessment . this collection is akin to finding a few purebred golden retrievers running with a pack of common dogs . { * a really bad analogy , stephen ! remember , man , this is the world 's greatest singer you 're talking about here . * } the album opens and closes with the very brief , atmospheric mood pieces , aurora and eventide - so good you 're actually left disappointed that they were n't expanded . in between is the memorable , but widely available hit , only yesterday , and the haunting solitaire . unquestionably , the big knockout track here is the dreamy , i can dream , ca n't i , and this is really saying something when you consider that this collection also includes karen 's heartfelt reading of frey & henley 's movingly plaintive and lyrically brilliant , desperado - a song that would be the major highlight on any number of other albums ! richard once lamented that had he only known how little time he and his sister would have together , they would n't have wasted any of it recording songs like beechwood 4-5789 . although it went to number <NUM> on the u.s. charts , and was a runaway monster in japan { * you mean like godzilla ? * } , i have to believe that richard would have included please mr. postman in this lamentable category . it 's just pure radio fluff ; about as satisfying as a popsicle ! for me , the other three cuts ( # <NUM> , <NUM> & <NUM> ) are nearly equally forgettable . oh , but did i mention , i can dream , ca n't i ? { * forgive him , folks . he 's starting to get long in the tooth , and one 's memory is always the first thing to go ! * } it 's bittersweet . sweet in that karen 's exquisite , intimate voice and delicious delivery are perfectly framed by the crystalline , rock candy piano at the forefront and by the warm , melty , white chocolate strings in the background ! { * stephen , you hungry maybe ? * } it 's just gorgeous ! a light wisp of smoke , tenderly wrapped in gauze and gently placed in a bed of softly folded lace . and it 's bitter in that this is the only taste of it that we are ever going to get . just a glimpse of an unrealized potential . what a treasure we would have possessed if the carpenters had recorded an entire album of time-tested standards with similar stylistically luscious arrangements . it could have been called classic karen and included songs such as , stardust ; you belong to me ; misty ; september song ; and smokin ' in the boy 's room . { * smokin ' in the boy 's room ? ! ! * } no , i meant , smoke on the water . { * say what ? ! * } smoke gets in your eyes ? { * yeah , well that 's a little more like it . man , they 'll let just about anybody post reviews on amazon , wo n't they ? * } but i suppose it 's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all . { * good line , stephen , but it sounds familiar . * } alas , we 're never going to get classic karen , but still we can listen to this one shimmering moment over and over , and we can dream , ca n't we ? { * yeah , i know he 's kind of sappy , but you get used to him . * } in addition to the music , there are two really nice photos of karen on the front and back cover { * alright , stephen , take it easy ! * } and musically , the mountaintops are so majestic on this slightly uneven recording that they cast their shadows down into the valleys and render them passable . if you are new to the carpenters , you could do worse than this collection , and if you are already a fan , then purchasing this compact disc should be on your immediate horizon . { * ok , you done now ? let 's log off , get out of these pajamas , and go get something to eat already . man , i 'm starving ! * }
linnets and valerians is even better than the blue hills , both or delightfully fanciful and intriguing books by my favorite english author : elizabeth goudge .
i loved this film . the writting , story , special effects , acting , and directing exceed the original . i recomend this film to any fan of the genre
lil wayne has truly developed and grown over the years and this cd is only a taste of what 's to come.lil wayne is one of the best rappers in the industry right now.he 's the best rapper out the south ( behind mac ) ! he has a unique flow and some really diverse lyricism.tha carter <NUM> is a instant classic and it was the best release of <NUM> in the hip-hop/rap category ! lil wayne is on top of his game , as he released <NUM> solo albums,3 group albums , most recently a duo album with baby and has a numerous amount of mixtapes.if you have n't cop this cd yet , then you are truly missing out on a great classic ! keep bringing that fiya music weezy f baby
this is a great <NUM> act and a requiem play , and dustin and the cast do a superb job . however , it still does n't equal lee j. cobbs ' portrayal of this delusional salesman and his last years of justification of his life . i would like to see the version with frederic march as willy . i am sure this scenario about the trials and tribulation of willy loman are carried out in the real world , more times than we really know . overall , a fantastic story by arthur miller and worth <NUM> stars all the way
the beastie boys are the best out there . and this is their best album . <NUM> songs that are all unique . best song : pass the mic other great songs : gratitude finger lickin good so watcha want stand together pow the maestro professor booty in <NUM> '
brad warner is truly an inspiring young man . i have read his book , recommend it to others ; met him , recommend him to others , and wonder how long the cobwebs will remain in american zendos with this book flying around . zen is a lived and envolving experience . warner shows us how we can take a culture and integrate it with another , finding value in each , yet creating a new culture in the process . zen is icoloclastic reverence . on the floor are pieces of the trappings of zen . the zen remain and is vibrant as a result . the best recommendation ? my daughter , the ph.d. scientist , loved it . so daiho-rosh
if you 're looking for the outrageous , eccentric , with a laugh in at least every paragraph , you just ca n't beat bill fitzhugh ! plus , his books are great satires on contempary america . cross dressing is perhaps his most realistic , with no sci- fi overtones such as those found in pest control , an even wilder ride ! here we have a socially aware nun with an unusual past , meeting up with an ad huckster in some of the funniest scenes ever written , yet everything here is certainly very possible , if not likely . his barbs at organized religion , and the huckster consumer society are all too real ! truly , mr fitzhugh strikes a solid punch , and one wishes for more success for this unique , zanily- inspired author
this is one of my favorite zeppelin lps . musically , it 's very strong . you just have to respect a group of musicians who could have had a nice payday by turning out a clone of led zeppelin ii , but opted to do something very different . it 's no surprise that critics and some fans did n't like this one , because the band refused to play to type . but this is really a very strong session and shows the incredible extent of this band 's ability to play a lot of different types of music . there is a lot of acoustic work on this cd but a fair share of electric to please the electric crowd . i purchased this in lp format , complete with the cardboard `` wheel '' that turned inside the gatefold where you could match up pictures with holes in the outer jacket . anyone who listens to fm radio knows the immigrant song - what a great rocker . they opened with this when i saw them in march <NUM> ... or was it <NUM> ... on the tour supporting led zeppelin ii . friends has nice `` happy '' lyric but there 's a sinister sounding string backing behind the acoustic guitar and conga drums . unusual . celebration day is a typical zeppelin rocker that has a great , frantic slide guitar introduction . since i 've been loving you is one of the more powerful blues performances - black or white - that i have ever heard and i 've been listening seriously to music for about <NUM> years . this track alone is well worth the price of the cd . stunning . out on the tiles is another rocker . gallows pole is a fabulous bit of work on a traditional english folk song done with acoustic including banjo and violin . i love bonham 's drumming on this track , it provides a lot of motion and propels the piece beautifully at just the right point in the song . tangerine is an acoustic love ballad - single material . it 's a nice little composition . that 's the way is a sad little acoustic song about not being allowed to play with the boy next door ( i think ... it also seems to have an ecological message and a recognition that all that lives is born to die ) - i love this tune . bron y aur - more english folk music , a happy jig of sorts about growing old with the woman you love . hat 's off to harper - contrary to a prior reviewer , this is a great blues piece done with slide on acoustic as an homage to page 's buddy roy harper ( see stormcock on amazon.com ) i love the tremelo effect they put on plants vocal . this lyric eventually became custard pie on physical graffiti . page will be appearing with harper at a show this summer ( <NUM> ) playing the entire stormcock release . it 's a bit pricey because it 's an import but if you can afford it it 's available here on amazon.com . page is a cameo guest on stormcock . knowelegeable folks know that roy harper sang have a cigar on pink floyd 's wish you were here . this man has trememdous respect from musicians in britain including mccartney , kate bush , page , dave gilmore and others . he 's a living legend in britain for people `` in the know '' . all of the tracks are good , since i 've been loving you and gallows pole are definitely my favorites . buy this at once !
i highly enjoyed this movie . all the way through i was entertained by the story and involved in the lives of the characters . unless there were some swear words i missed i have no idea why it got an r rating . there were a few sex scenes none of which showed much skin . i would cry 'double-standard , ' but what 's the use ? anyway , this movie is definitely worth your time .
i love doing this set because i feel really beautiful after doing it.guess i also look more beautiful with a huge smile on my face and the confidence i have
wow ! the more i listen to this cd , the more i like it
... it is about a comet that destroys all people who were exposed to it while it was passing through earth . only a few survivors are left , and some who were n't directly exposed begin to turn into `` zombie '' like creatures . this is a fun <NUM> 's flick , with an original story . a good addition to your movie library
we caught classical baby : the art show on hbo and my son who was <NUM> months old at the time was mesmorised by it . the music is beautiful and the visuals are simple and eye catching . i studied art history and am impressed by the unique way of introducing fine art to an infant . my son still loves it now at <NUM> months and has learned to clap with the characters and he dances when the jazz song comes on . even my husband enjoys watching it ... over and over and over . we have the music show and the dance show too , but the art show is our favorite .
nicholas cage and deborah foreman star in this great movie from the <NUM> 's about a girl from the valley and a guy from hollywood . foreman stars as julie , a valley girl who , along with her boyfriend tommy ( michael bowen ) are the most popular couple at valley high . however , julie is getting bored with tommy because she thinks he 's ignoring her . so , she breaks up with him ( on a mall escalator , no less ) . after the break-up , julie and her friends samantha ( tina theberge ) , loryn ( elizabeth daily ) , and suzie ( michelle meyrink ) head to the beach . it is here that julie gets her first glimpse of randy ( cage ) . unfortunately for julie , she and her now ex-boyfriend tommy are both supposed to go to a party at suzie 's house . randy 's friend fred overhears the plans for the party , and he and randy plan to crash the party . sure enough , fred and randy show up uninvited at suzie 's house , but julie is immediately intrigued by randy . the two start talking , but tommy and his thug friends interfere and throw randy out of the house . now very mad , randy and fred go back to the party . randy waits in the bathroom for julie to come in , and the two decide to leave together . julie convinces samantha to come along . randy takes julie `` over the hill ' to hollywood and shows her some of his favorite places to hang out . the sparks soon begin to fly between randy and julie , and they start going steady , much to the disgust of julie 's friends . their relationship goes along very well for a while , but one night at a sleepover , julie 's friends tell her that she must make a choice between them and randy . they convince her to get back together with tommy and dump randy . julie goes along with it , and starts to be very mean to randy , but does she really feel that way , or is she just covering up her true feelings for the sake of her friends ? will julie and randy get back together , or will julie do what her friends want her to ? this is a great movie . i 've seen it several times on vhs , and i was thrilled to find it on dvd . nicholas cage and deborah foreman are great in their roles as julie and randy . the supporting actors are very good as well . this movie was released when i was in high school , so it brings back a lot of memories for me . the great 80s music played throughout the movie is a huge plus , too . i give this movie my highest recommendation . the story is excellent , and the acting is very good . take a trip back to the 80s with this great movie . `` its awesome ''
although the book is great , it speaks for itself and i 'm not here to review it . i emailed the author , or someone who works with her , at the email address i got from jan 's website . first of all , a little background . i have a two-year-old border collie/lab who i 've had since he was seven weeks . i adore him . i have been working from home with the occasional temp job up until two months ago . i now work <NUM> days a week outside the house . i wrote to this person asking advice on certain things relating to walking the dog , and mentioned the hours my dog is being left alone while i 'm at work . my response was that i am & quot ; selfish & quot ; and unfit to have a dog . this coming from someone who was once so clueless about raising dogs that she put one of her own to sleep . i have been looking into getting a dogwalker for my pooch , which as a person concerned for dogs , she could have suggested . but her only suggestion was my poor dog , i should n't have him . whereas the book is a good read with good methods , i would suggest a second thought before asking her or her staff any questions personally . she , or whoever that was , is rather selective in the dogs she 'll help according to what she thinks of their owners . it was a negative experience trying to get any kind of advice from them . rather than pointing out something wrong and offering suggestions to rectify it to someone who is obviously open to change , she chose instead to say , sorry ! not interested ! not at all what i had in mind for someone in her position and with her passion
i loved this cd by enrique iglesias . i was never a big fan of his until i heard this cd . the music was so beautiful . i did n't really know what the songs were about because i do not know much spanish , but the songs moved me . some of them were so beautiful i wanted to cry . this cd is well worth the money of buying
i found this book to be very helpful in planning my stable for public use . it has given me good ideas on planning , marketing and various programs to consider . it 's also given me a good start on planning my budget for this project . i highly recommend this book for anyone wanting to move past the horse boarding only business
emily pigbush is an orphan . in the first few chapters of the book , she loses her mother , and her father is long gone from the war.she is left to live with her best friend annie , the daughter of mary surratt.that night , there is a great outcry in the city of washington , where emily lives . mr. lincoln , the president , has been shot dead . emily is even more stunned when she hears who had done it -- the man who had been staying with the surratt 's , john wilkes booth . the surratts are thrust into investigation for connection to the murder . emily is sent to stay with her rich uncle instead , valentine . she gets along well there , until she uncovers a sinister secret from a woman staying in the house -- her uncle could be a bodysnatcher . she pursues the idea , quietly , until she is confronted at school by a reporter 's daughter . her fears are confirmed when she sees the proof with her own eyes . she loses herself in her own emotions ; love for robert , a man valentine saved , hate for all of them . a very good illustration of the civil war and the unjustly accused .
i just finished this nice long read , and i must say it was very well written : trollope shows us a fascinating view of how the changes in society can affect the people living in it . we are given a view of all sorts of characters : from the volatile , swindler melmotte to the swaggering , gambling coward felix carbury , to his antithesis , his staid , country cousin roger carbury , and felix 's silly & conniving mother lady carbury , to his sweet & saintly sister hetta carbury ... the mousey marie melmotte , the marriage schemer georgiana longestaffe , the wonderful yet fallible paul montague , and the independent & brash american , mrs. hurtle . these & many other characters collide to give us a fascinating read , as their lives intertwine again & again , on so many levels . the staid & proper upper-crust victorian society of yesteryear is slowly melting away , as english virtue & honor is being overtaken by lying , cheating , swindling , stealing , and much more . where being a proper , honorable gentleman used to bring its own reward , now it is the more `` modern '' social rules that are taking effect in london society . will virtue or vice triumph in the end ? an excellent read , highly recommended !
this album piano man put billy joel on the map , even though his cold spring harbor album was also excellent , but did n't get very much distribution originally . of course `` piano man '' is one of my favorite pop/rock tunes in the history of music , but really this whole album is superb , and there 's not one bit of filler on this one . of course `` the ballad of billy the kid '' is classic billy joel , and the same with `` captain jack '' . the rest of this album is n't excellent but very good . billy just could n't do any wrong during his <NUM> 's heyday , and this was just basically the beginning of his huge success . billy was probably the best pop/rock songwriter of the <NUM> 's , and the material on this album happens to be some of his best compositions . in short billy flat out rocks , so rush out to your music stores and buy this gem of an album .
this book has a great variety of martini recipes - i 'm usually a fan of basic dirty martinis , but there are so many options for interesting drinks in here , i 'm looking forward to branching out and trying them all . it 's a great book to use if you 're throwing a party , since there are drinks in every color , flavor , and for every season . so far i 've tried the pineapple champagne martini , which was really good . the book also has a ton of really beautiful photos .
pratt took his many years of valuation experience and put it in this one book . the book reviews the theory and practice of how to derive a discount rate for use in a dcf . at present , it 's the best book in print for appraisers
this collection brings back vivid memories of how grand motion pictures used to be
i have really enjoyed the the fbi thrillers . dillon savich and sherlock have been through a lot together and it keeps getting better
for a more modern take on funny jewish songs , check out what i like about jew 's cd , titled unorthodox , also for sale on amazon . sarcastic , hilarious , two very talented new york boys .
there is mention of as wichita falls , so falls wichita falls in the movie the ice harvest ... does anyone know if there is definite connection between this album which is much older and the film which played around christmas <NUM> ? i am not big metheny fan == was looking for something else when i ran across this album ..
regardless of some of the negative reviews i found that this book contains some of the best advice you can get about internet marketing . some have their opinions about his book about `` how to get rich by telling other people how to get rich . '' although that has some truth to it , there is so much more to it - if you think of how to apply it in your industry or niche ! what some of these reviewers fail to understand is that this book gives you the strategies on how to market your particular business effectively through using the internet , not just `` teaching people how to get rich . '' and the subtitle to this book accurately says it all , `` making money online using e-mail '' in my opinion that 's what this book is about and is accurately communicated in the title . i highly recommend this book to anybody who wants to start an online business . although you could get most of the material for free on the internet , it 's much more convenient and saves you a lot of time to have this book around .
dr. rydelnik has done an excellent job of synthesizing his study of history and the bible to bring clarity to an often-unclear issue . this book gives the reader a good grasp on the history , development , and current state of the the land of israel and the conflict with the palestinians . it also provides us with an invaluable , clear presentation of what the bible has to say on the issues of who can claim ownership of the land , and of israel and the arab states in prophecy . i highly recommend it to anyone who would like a better understanding of the middle east conflict , beyond what the headlines tell you .
if you are looking to add to your beatles collection be forewarned . this is not your typical beatles fare . it is however a good deal better than fair after you get past trying to peg it as a beatles album . its lennon . he 's pissed off . he has a lot to say and he says it all on this record . he sings these songs like he has wanted to sing them forever but was never allowed . he breaks these songs out like they are part of a therapy session and he doesnt turn back . this album on 1st listen is a bit of a disappointment to me . on 2nd listen you know what its all about and you dont listen for pop hits , you listen for the album as you heard it the first time . the only way most people will enjoy this album is after a few listens especially if your going into it with a preconceived notion . also a lot of songs on this album have a rocky start and then pick up steam in the middle . this album is ultimately very good once you know what your getting into . its lennon breaking the chains from the beatles and really from himself . after the 3rd listen , it immediately made sense to me . now i cant put it down
i wo n't say to everybody this greatest hits is highly recommended . being that i never heard all of her albums , so a true fan may feel like some songs is missin ' . however for me , who is just really startin to seriously get into pop is somewhat satisfied with these and this is a <NUM> star collection to me . some of the tracks i love , a couple i do n't like at all and the rest i just like . my favorite ones are in order ; erotica ray of light beautiful stranger the power of goodbye deeper and deeper the prodution is excellent and i love the vocals . if your new to madonna , my opinion would be to start here . but a true fan can give me lessons .
a wonderful cd with the power to thoroughly relax even the most stressed-out people . easy enough for background playing during dinner or a conversation , and serious enough to be full of magic when listening to it exclusively . great buy at a great price
three hours of perfect prince is hard to believe . here it is . all the grooves are present . all the funk . the indulgent boudoir ballads . the ambiguous spirituality . cameos of soul & gospel & rap . if you 've ever liked any prince song , then you 're bound to find another favourite on this explosion of creativity . * of course there 's a reason this album is so overwhelming , both in terms of quantity and quality : it represents the best of five years of songwriting . allegedly in <NUM> or so prince walked into the warner bros. offices and dumped five albums ' worth of music into their laps , thus fulfilling his 'contractual obligations ' for the next five years . he then went home and continued to write songs . once 'emancipated ' from wb , free to form npg music , he released this treasure trove . without normal distribution , however , it `` only '' reached no.11 on the billboard album chart , and spawned only one single . crazy stuff . there 's enough musical genius here for three or four chart-topping albums and a host of singles . * there are dvds available of prince 's more recent lives shows , featuring consumate musicians , such as maceo parker and members of the family stone , but none more distinguished than prince himself - his performances are terrific and showcase his enormous talent . music is his life . he can play virtually any instrument , sing , write , arrange ... dance . what 's more , he enjoys himself on stage - and it 's hard not to share in it all . the dvds are ideal complements to this cd set . * i think this is one of his best ever albums , and one of the best pop albums of all time . having heard almost all his work , this would be my desert island recording . i 've wondered why the praise for it has been less than universal and concluded that in a strange sense it is `` too good '' - there are at least twenty songs that could have been top <NUM> hits , and which beg to be treated as 'favourites ' - normally , i 'd listen to an album and come back to <NUM> or <NUM> songs repeatedly - here , that makes for a difficult choice - what 's more , since these songs have been starved of airplay they do n't bring that welcome nostalgia of a popular hit , no memory of dancing to this or that at a party - it 's almost like listening to a great new song for the first time . also , there 's no filler , nor is there a `` theme '' which allows for half-attentive listening - every four minutes another great tune shouts out and demands to be heard ! it 's so good that it 's almost hard work !
i guess `` bible of dreams '' , juno reactor 's bold foray into territory beyond their techno days , contains the best sounds . aw , who am i kidding ? it 's the greatest album in the history of the universe ! ! ! <NUM> ) jardin de cecile - 4/5 . you might call it boring ; i call it moody . this is not the standard `` calm & slow '' sound of juno reactor -- in other words , it 's not a droning , monotonous pile of neverending bull . this one actually has character , which is maybe not as evident in the first couple of minutes as it is later . we get some atmospheric , echoing notes that have a nice , dreamy quality to them . after a while , percussion joins in , along with this weird `` sweeping '' noise that pops in every few seconds . about five minutes in , the song undergoes a complete change of style and transforms to heavy percussion and a little synth . a nice intro that gives you a taste of things to come . it 's like the pov of someone gradually waking up and joining the traffic jam of everyday life . while stoned . <NUM> ) conga fury - 4/5 . you may have heard this in `` the animatrix '' or `` mortal kombat : annihilation '' ( so sorry for mentioning that movie ) . it starts off with a lone female voice whose harmonizing is soon joined by jungle drums and synth . it continues on with the drums and the synth and the voice until it quiets down and ends the same way it began . and what 's really funny is the male voice that kicks in at two minutes . it 's somewhat weird and out of place , but it 's so hilarious that i can forgive watkins . `` huela ! huela ! libalalibalalibalalibala ... '' or whatever he 's saying . <NUM> ) god is god - 5/5 . it 's funny . when i first heard `` pistolero '' , i thought that no other juno reactor song could ever be as good or better . kids today , eh ? whatever melancholy quietude existed in the first two songs is completely gone here . we 've left the jungle and entered the desert , and does it deliver . do n't be fooled by the spacy sound at the beginning -- that soon gives way to a crazy beat with chanting and all the instruments you 'd expect in the middle eastern culture . there are also sound clips apparently taken from `` the ten commandments '' , which are weird at first and then as cool as the rest of the song . sure , it 's repetitive , but the main tune is way awesome , and as long as we have that ... repetition matters not , grasshopper . <NUM> ) komit - 4/5 . not bad at all . a remix of this was heard early on in `` the matrix reloaded '' , and i must admit , i liked it better there . it begins with a series of notes that give one a sense of flying through the calm night air . i would 've liked to hear these notes become more prominent , but alas , only in `` reloaded '' . here , they stay in the background and let the juno percussion take over . the song just gets bizarre at times , although the grungy tunes are worth it . that 's about all . overall , this is a more organic version of something you 'd hear in `` transmissions '' . <NUM> ) swamp thing - 4/5 . ah , looks like they 're tackling heavy metal . this starts off grungy and gritty , and does n't let up until it 's over . the usual percussion kicks in , and sticks with a sinister tempo for a while . when we hear the guitar solos at approximately 3:30 , it seems kinda belated and anticlimactic , especially since they do n't go much further than that ; we slip right back to the percussion . i 'm only giving this a <NUM> because it 's rather catchy . <NUM> ) kaguya hime - 5/5 . this can be compared to `` swamp thing '' , but it takes itself a lot less seriously . it 's got a similar setup and form : percussion accompanied by minimal synth . about forty seconds in , we 're introduced to a very playful beat that sounds like the work of hollow drums played by chopsticks . or something like that . midway through , the drums `` mature '' into a heavier-sounding variety , with some more synth playing alongside than before . it 's still playful , though . in fact , this is a very fun song to listen to if you do n't mind a drum being the primary instrument . reminds me of the final segment of `` jardin '' . i 'm only giving this a <NUM> because it 's supremely catchy . <NUM> ) children of the night - 5/5 . and now for something completely different . while the previous six have different styles , one can tell that they 're all juno reactor works . with this , it might be a little more difficult . at least for me . on the platter is a tune that sounds evil yet fun . shall we say ... giddy . it 's very , very giddy . you can imagine an evil force approaching to kill you , but messing with your mind first by sneaking up on you from multiple directions , or filling your mind with images from your worst nightmares . it is giddy . there 's not a lot of ways to describe it . giddiness all around . `` the children of the night are call-eeng ... hehehehe ... hehehehe ... '' accompanied by the sound of puppies allegedly whimpering before their horrible , gas-filled deaths . brrr . did i mention it 's giddy ? <NUM> ) shark - 4/5 . i know , i know , it 's `` calm & slow '' . but it 's also not monotonous . if you have n't figured out from the title , this conveys an underwater feeling to the listener . it 's very mellow and trancy , and in some parts , definitely reminiscent of vangelis ' opening score for `` blade runner '' . it 's down-time for the entire song , although there is a rough patch that 's supposed to resemble a tectonic plate breaking apart or something . ruins the calmness , i think . the length is another problem ; it 's over nine-and-a-half minutes long . when a song does n't have a lot of musical variety , you might wan na shorten it . on the plus side , featured here are a bunch of trippy sound effects that sound underwater-ish , but i do n't really know why . without these sounds , this song is what you 'd hear at one of those big aquarium display shows . with the sounds , it 's ... well ... juno reactor at its calm & slow finest . <NUM> ) high energy protons ( orion mix ) - 5/5 . i 'm fully aware it 's a remix . i 'm fully suspicious of the guys for being lazy . but that does n't stop the `` bible '' finale from ruling . to make it easier for you , i 'll just assume that you 've already listened to the original version in `` transmissions '' . and by `` easier for you '' , i mean `` easier for myself '' . some of the techno sound is still here , but the background choir holds much more presence . furthermore , there 's the addition of a few synth riffs that add another dimension to the whole thing . however , i still like the original mix better . do n't ask why . and if you 're wondering about the dialogue clips , they 've dropped `` you 're going to have a wonderful trip . '' all we 've got here is `` you 're the brain and central nervous system '' , `` high energy protons spilling over into our atmosphere '' , and `` everything 's going extremely well . '' ( yes ! hal-9000 ! ! !
`` neoconservatives were the boat people of the mcgovern revolution that was itself the political vehicle of the moral , social , and cultural revolutions of the 1960s . '' a key to understanding neoconservatism is that it is not a sibling or an `` update '' of traditional conservatism . to see it that way will only mislead you . neoconservatism 's roots have sprouted from the left more than the right . the current gop `` may be reaganite in its tax policy , but it is wilsonian in its foreign policy , fdr in its trade policy , and lbj all the way in its spending policies . pragmatism is the order of the day . the republican philosophy might be summarized thus : `` to hell with principle ; what matters is power , and that we have it , and that they do not . '' but when one becomes one 's enemy , who won ? conservatives are nationalists . neoconservatives are internationalists . conservatives are protectionists . neoconservatives are free traders . conservatives see the culture war as essential . neoconservatives see it as a distraction . conservatives believe in defending the land militarily and project our ideals by example . neoconservatives believe in defending it offensively and projecting our ideals by force . the neoconservatives and presidential candidate george w. bush were a match on domestic policy in <NUM> ( bush did n't propose a single spending cut in his campaign ) , but it appears that they hijacked his foreign policy , whatever it used to be . ( given the events of his presidency , it 's a startling reminder that this same president could n't name four world leaders when he was quizzed during the <NUM> campaign . ) that foreign policy was the defense and advancement of world democracy , something that has never been america 's aim . the only proactive foreign policy we 've ever had was the truman doctrine , a stance we took when the soviet menace showed itself to be aggressive and a real threat to the united states , our allies , and our real interests . the clinton interventions , misguided as they were , were at least brief and limited , nothing that risked expansion into a long-term , regional conflict . the same can not be said of iraq . mr. buchanan gives a chapter-length history of islam and europe , setting the scene for 9/11 . the following war in afghanistan was just and necessary , and quite a diplomatic masterpiece , one that could have been the foundations for better relations with the middle east , which had shown considerable support for our efforts against al qaeda . iran , an al qaeda enemy , voluntarily offered help in afghanistan , but bush soon after named it among the `` axis of evil '' . the neocons had attached their agenda to the unclear war on terror to advance a war on iraq , a war that the neocons had pursued for years , and to be followed with a frightening series of wars throughout the region . the war on terror evolved into a quest for worldwide democracy , buffered with a moral imperative that our diseased culture violates in almost every way , and with the unrealistic belief that the middle east wants democracy , even though they 've never chosen it themselves . mr. buchanan also offers a study of terrorism , and what a touchy thing it is : the weapon of the weak , the reaction to empire , the stuff of martyrdom . with new bases in central asia , the invasion of iraq , and talk of much more war , the neocons were starting to frighten the world . china , now surrounded by u.s. bases , began building and tailoring its military for our encirclement , and leading the all-offense neocons to believe that war with them could be expected , even though their going to war with us would have been suicide . china was n't just preparing for us : it was reacting to us . the neocons were reacting to a world of their own making : filled with nations that would n't war with us if they were democratic . this is utterly divorced from conservatism , historic american foreign policy , and moral , constitutional , and realistic restraint . perhaps it 's for the best in the long term that iraq did n't turn out ; that madness seems to be coming to an end . even the neocons seem to believe that failure is now an option . mr. buchanan then turns to the domestic issues : the disaster of free trade , the continuance of big government , and the imperial judiciary . however , about all you 'll find is that neoconservatives are a problem in the sense that they 're not the solution . cultural issues have given them plenty of chances to fight and solidify their base , but they 've been silent , and often quick to fund whatever nonsense demanded funding to keep the issue from open debate and away from the hands of the democrats . neoconservatives seem to have concluded that big government gets votes , and that social issues are a distraction . but the culture war truly began with the horrid warren court , while congress did n't use its constitutional power to hold it back . the neoconservative gop seems too focused on bad foreign and economic policy to be concerned with the judicial usurpation of power it was n't meant to have . neoconservatism has n't corrected wrongs ; it has created more of them . i was hoping for some answers to an overall question i 've had about neoconservatism : where is all of this going ? how do massive debts get paid when spending is out of control and manufacturing is sent overseas ? where does peace begin after perpetual war ? mr. buchanan does n't offer anything here but the question . perhaps that 's for the neocons themselves . perhaps even they do n't know . `` where the right went wrong '' could be the prequel to `` state of emergency '' in that this book is a good summary of bush 's first term , whereas the latter defines the pressing issue of the second . however , this book includes an afterward , written in early <NUM> , summarizing the voters ' response to the electric <NUM> election , and defining the battle lines within the gop between traditional conservatives and neoconservatives , the fighting between which began almost as soon as the <NUM> returns were in
i love this movie . the acting is hilariously bad , the music is great , it 's campy , not realistic at all and i would n't want it any other way . i 've probably seen it <NUM> times . every time i see something that makes me laugh . nine times out of ten the laughing has nothing to do with the scene being shot to be funny . it 's totally dated and in the dying metal days of the early nineties . i 'd recommend it to musicians totally . just remember that it 's totally terrible in a rocky horror kind of way
nostalgia filled me as i listened to some of the most eloquent and poignant songs ever written and sung by the infamous michael hutchence , taking me back to the age of sixteen and absolutely loving the passion that surrounded this band . it was great to be re-aquinted with songs that opened up wonderful memories and experiences . definitely a must have for any cd collection
oh so dashing errol flynn is peter blood , a doctor thrown into slavery without just cause . fiercely loyal to his fellow slaves and the fight for justice he leads his men to freedom and life on the high seas as pirates ! arrrrrrrgh ! highly entertaining from beginning to end , normally when a film gets boring i bust off a few rattlers to liven things up but there was no need for that here ! this film did n't let up for a minute . even the talking parts were exciting thanks to the story and the chemistry between flynn and olivia de havilland , who by the way is smoking hot in this movie . another reason to get this dvd or even better yet the flynn box set is the great extras including a informative 22-minute featurette called `` captain blood : a swashbuckler is born '' . did you know co-star ross alexander committed suicide at the age of <NUM> using the same rifle that his wife had committed suicide with ? ! yikes . also check out the score by erich korngold
if you 've ever liked the t-bone walker style , or drooled over the pure t-bone licks that both ronnie and duke have graced us with over the years , `` two bones and a pick '' is eight minutes of pure jump-blues-guitar-heaven . i can , and do listen to this for hours on end . if any two white guys have got that jump-blues-guitar-thang down , it 's these two . t-bone is grinning like a cheshire cat
it looks like i 'm the lone commentator . neway , this book is about a guy who really , really wants to quit smoking ... but . he 's addicted and he just ca n't get off . he goes to this place , quitters , inc ( hence the title ) and they make him quit , literally , make him ! all +s up to a thrilling ride . nice nice nice . -=dazz=
when i first heard of this title i thought that it would be just another bad soft core porn video but i was very surprised to find that this movie was very good ! ! the movie starts with two guys just looking for sex and shows all the things that get in the way of their sex . by the end of the movie there looks to be a relationship there and you feel that it is not just about sex byt also love . the grin on your face is hard to wipe off after seeing this movie ! ! this is one gay flick that is worth checking out !
an interesting refreshingly new cd that is not in the mainstream of current popular music scene . relaxing but exciting , pleasant melodies with great musical textures . i strongly recommend to anyone who has an enjoyment of fine music
i was led to reading this book for a paper i did on the civil rights of women and reasons behind women 's support of the state during hitler 's reign . professor koonz did a superb job of bring several elements together to form a large , descriptive view of the lives of all women , christian , jewish , nazi , socialist , etc . i found the interview done with frau scholtz-klink , former head of the women 's department under the nazis , one of the most fascinating , especially since she has held on to her nazism when other germans such as hemult kohl have renounced and apologized for their role in nazi germany . for the first time in all my studies of germany , i finally began to understand not only who , what and when but also how and why the german weimar republic of the <NUM> 's could accept a dictator such as hitler
this is an interesting , odd little collection for karloff fans . i do n't think you 'll be disappointed although the `` boogie man ... '' is a little odd
this book will change your life and awaken you to the life god has called you to . fluent and well-written , this book is sure to inspire you .
beatrice `` bede '' dunn became fascinated with wild orchids when she got a summer job with the ontario ministry of the environment . they sent her to the bruce peninsula to map orchids . she spent three months there , wandering around the woodlands , doing some serious hiking and camping-out . when she returned in the fall with fifty rolls of film , she had a new avocation - wild orchid hunting . bede became passionate about `` documenting the existence of a single flower or the breeding ground of a particular species . '' in <NUM> she and her boyfriend , scott , went on a hiking holiday in the dordogne region of southwestern france . when it began to rain , the couple had an argument about whether to leave their camp and seek shelter elsewhere or to stay put . bede was adamant about remaining and so she did - alone . when scott returned two days later the tent and their things were still at the campsite , but bede was gone , along with her camera , backpack , michelin guide and a book on wildflowers and orchids . no one ever saw the young woman again . after a massive search and investigation , which garnered much publicity , no evidence of foul play was discovered , no body , no crime scene . mara dunn , bede 's identical twin , has never resigned herself to the loss of her sister . she moved to the dordogne after her divorce became final and went into the interior design business , all the while maintaining contact with the police . nothing concrete , however , was found concerning the disappearance . during an antique hunting expedition in a near-by town , mara discovered an old canon camera in a pile of junk . she noticed it immediately , even though the case was mildewed and worn , because it was identical to the cameras her parents had given her and her sister for their high school graduation . she was sure it was the camera her sister had traveled to france with . inside the case the initials `` b. d. '' were written , and inside the camera was an undeveloped roll of film . damaged by time and dampness , but still viable , thirty-four photographs were revealed upon development , of wild orchids and a dovecote , taken in what appears to be the local landscape . mara is convinced the photographs document her sibling 's final days . now , almost twenty years after bede vanished , mara , with the photographs in hand , makes yet another effort to find her sister , or her remains . julian wood is an english expatriate living in dordogne and an expert on wild orchids . he is also the author of `` wildflowers of the dordogne/ fleurs sauvages de la dordogne , '' and the man mara wants to assist her . she asks him to help her retrace her sister 's footsteps using the photographs as a guide . julian is skeptical about turning up anything new on the missing woman . he does n't really want to get involved and he does n't care much for pushy , intense women . besides , the police have copies of the photographs and do n't seem very excited by them . when julian views the final picture though , he becomes agitated and as motivated to begin a search as mara , but for different reasons . the photo is of a cypripedium - sabot de venus in french , sometimes called lady 's slipper in english . and since this rare wild orchid does not grow in the dordogne , or anywhere in europe , he has his own mystery to unravel - if he decides to become involved with mara and her investigation . not only is `` deadly slipper '' a good literary mystery , it is really a fun book to read . filled with an exotic cast of characters - from the local bogeyman and his mother , who is even scarier than her son , to the bizarre sauvignac family , ( the local nobility ) , to julian wood 's fanatic orchid hunting nemesis and competitor , and the regulars down at chez nous , the town 's cafe/bar/gourmet restaurant , plus a french police inspector and his lads , these personages all enrich the narrative . the horticulture tidbits are fascinating , and i 'm no gardener . the description of food , wine , the gorgeous countryside - c'est tres magnifique ! the setting is france ! there is even some romancing going on in between gruesome discoveries . you can not go wrong , especially if you 're looking for something different in sleuthing . jan
a half century ago , i was a junior in high school . we used to have these gatherings called `` assemblies , '' where the principal would collect the entire student body in the auditorium ( no excuses allowed ! ) for an event of more than passing importance . at this late date , i can only remember a small handful of them : the coronation of queen elizabeth ii , president truman relieving general macarthur of his command . oh , and one where two fellows from ampex came to our high school to give a little demonstration of something called `` stereophonic sound , '' using , needless to say , an ampex tape recorder . and the music for this demonstration ? it was the brief opening prologue ( `` sunrise '' ) from richard strauss 's `` also sprach zarathustra , '' in this very same reiner/chicago symphony orchestra recording . this was a `` sneak preview to end all sneak previews , '' inasmuch as the monophonic lp ( `` new orthophonic , '' i believe it was called ) had n't even been released at that early date . and , needless to say , this impressionable teenager was suitably impressed . so much so that , in the years to come , i acquired three lps of the performance : the original monophonic lp , then the living stereo lp a few years later , and eventually , when the stereo lp had seen its better days , the dynagroove rerelease ( something i 'd just as soon forget ) . i never did go the reel-to-reel route , and , when cds eventually made their appearance , i opted for other performances of these two strauss works rather than the earlier conventional living stereo cd release . but i always did have fond memories of that particular reel-to-reel tape demonstration back in '54 ; it was a direct copy of the 30ips master tape , and not the 7.5ips `` consumer '' version that came out shortly thereafter . with bmg now releasing half-century-old living stereo classics as hybrid sacds ( <NUM> at present , with surely more on the way ) , it was easy for me to select this recording as one of the first to sample . i was more than pleasantly surprised ; just listening to the `` also sprach zarathustra '' prologue had the effect of turning the clock back <NUM> years ; truly a trip down memory lane ! in a phrase , i was n't disappointed . even listening to the conventional cd layer , it was easy to get the sense that there i was again , listening to the 30ips master tape . even with headphones , i heard no evidence of tape hiss ; just beautifully balanced stereo sound with a tremendous sense of not only left-to-right spatial array but depth as well . ( this is particularly evident in `` the hero 's battlefield '' segment of `` ein heldenleben , '' where the initial muted trumpet fanfares sound as if they are coming from well behind the orchestra . ) throughout both massive tone poems , the music is well-served by rca 's `` minimalistic '' microphoning , with just two mikes picking up the sound field , and every single instrumental voice ( and there are many of them ) can clearly be heard . ( sir thomas beecham , that evergreen source of bon mots , reserved one of his best for `` ein heldenleben '' when he wrote that `` i once spent a couple of days in a train with a german friend . we amused ourselves by discovering how many notes we could take out of 'ein heldenleben ' and leave the music essentially intact . by the time we finished we had taken out fifteen thousand . '' ) as for reiner 's interpretations , perhaps the simplest way of putting it is that there is no time in the last half century that i can recall when these two performances were not included in every `` essential recordings '' discography ( even when the sound quality was not as it is here , in the hybrid sacd release ) . reiner had a way of not oversentimentalizing these two works , as if they had been the products of one of the world 's greatest egos , which , in fact , they were : strauss made no bones about himself being the hero of `` ein heldenleben . '' reiner keeps things moving along , lest they bog down for the empty rhetoric that they can often be in lesser hands . a century ago , when strauss had been the most famous composer who was also a conductor and gustav mahler had been the most famous conductor who was also a composer , audiences could n't get enough of the strauss tone poems . ( i think , in fact , that the record will show that mahler conducted strauss 's tone poems more frequently than he did his own symphonies ! ) and a half-century ago , when i had been in my musical adolescence , so to speak , i too could n't get enough of them . but they have n't worn all that well in the intervening years . now , considerably older and modestly wiser , i can only take them in infrequent doses . ( perhaps i 've simply taken strauss at his word when he described himself as `` a first-rate second-rate composer . '' ) and , fortunately for this now-jaded me , these reiner performances , long perfect in everything but sound quality , have arrived with , finally , sound quality that matches the performances . i have every expectation that future `` essential recordings '' discographies will continue to include these performances , now with this newly-refurbished sound quality that is the match of any . bob zeidle
bowie 's second instalment in the berlin trilogy is a criminally underrated masterpiece , brimming with invention and vigour . 'low ' was most certainly an amazing achievement and an absolute treat to listen to , but unlike most , i feel that `` heroes '' tops it in every regard . the first side ( like 'low ' , containing the more conventional songs ) has more urgency than the tracks on 'low ' . there is more energy and more depth to the song writing . where 'low ' was fragments/ideas with magnificent textural framing , heroes ' first side shows really intricate song writing being beautifully combined with dense and innovative arrangements that take the clunky synth and electronic sounds of 'low ' and fuse them into a more sophisticated whole . the lyrics are also much more intriguing . 'low ' was lyrically and vocally quite sparse , but on `` heroes '' , bowie delivers some of his most compelling lyrics . just couple of the fantastic snippets that pop up include : 'your lips cut a smile on your face' 'there 's slaughter in the air protest on the wind someone else inside me someone could get skinned' 'sons of the silent age ... do n't walk , they just glide in and out of life they never die , they just go to sleep one day' and of course we all know the gorgeous lyrics that the title track possesses . not to mention bowie 's ultimate vocal performance on this track . in fact , the vocals on the `` heroes '' album soar like on no other release of his . the songs climax and bowie belts out some amazingly expressive and emotive performances . overall , the first half of the record takes the best parts of ` low 's ' first half and 'station to station ' and turns it into the most successful and engaging group of tracks that he has ever released . the second half of the album sees bowie reprising the ambient themes explored on 'low ' but once again this album outdoes its predecessor . the instrumental tracks on `` heroes '' are even more evocative than those on 'low ' . bowie and eno once again strip away the clunky synth and electronic sounds and create more focused and more atmospheric pieces second time around . bowie feels like more of a presence on this album overall . less detached , and not hiding away from himself as much . this is further displayed by the re-introduction of his sax playing on a number of tracks . he adds personality and flair to 'sons of the silent age ' , provides one of many gorgeous melodic layers on ' v-2 schneider ' ( which trumps both 'the speed of life ' and ' a new career in a new town ' ) , and his free-jazz styled , heavily treated playing on 'neukoln ' is oddly appealing . bowie also plays the japanese koto on 'moss garden ' giving a beautifully subtle and sensitive performance on what is a perfect ambient piece . if you own 'low ' , love it , and are wondering which album to get next ... well i ca n't recommend `` heroes '' highly enough . if you own 'station to station ' and love it ... ditto . if you have some of bowie 's other albums from some of his other periods and are curious about which of the more experimental albums to start with , this is the one . it 's one of those albums that is experimental without compromising quality song writing . it takes the ideas first generated on 'low ' and expands and improves upon them , while introducing a highly unique and infinitely appealing aesthetic all of its own . it is also more timeless than 'low ' . it 's sounds are still fresh and have n't dated a bit in the <NUM> years since its release . it is not only the best of the bowie and eno collaborations ( the berlin trilogy ) , it is also , in my opinion , the greatest achievement by this most amazing artist .
i do n't have much to add . if you love seger , get this cd . love it
kurt vonnegut 's `` cat 's cradle '' is the story of a man , jonah , who is writing about the `` end of the world , '' or the day when the atom bomb was dropped . his work on the book encourages him to go on many journeys which ultimately leave him in a somewhat ironic yet very comedic position . the story features an imaginative religion , a scientific potion , and a far off society as part of vonnegut 's many bizarre episodes . jonah , researches the `` father of the atom bomb '' and his children in order to determine what they were doing on the day the atom bomb was dropped . seemingly against his will , jonah gets pulled into a plethora of discoveries about the children and their father which he never could have imagined to be true . his journeys ultimately land him , along with the children , on a secluded island with a radically different society from their own . i did in fact enjoy reading this book because of the absurdity and the unbelievable voyages which the main character undergoes . however , it is in fact vonnegut 's style that makes the book so enjoyable . he is able to bring the reader into this world where virtually anything can happen which then leaves the reader totally unaware and clueless as to what comes next . the world allows him to describe such things as the discovery of the island of san lorenzo in a two page account where six different countries claim and forget about the nation before escaping african slaves finally claims the land for good . it is through vonnegut 's voice and style that the reader may not stop to consider such oddities as this one . originally , i chose to read this book after finishing vonnegut 's `` slaughterhouse five , '' and was absolutely taken away by the combination of absurdity and hilariousness through which he expresses himself in this book . though i did not expect this book to be as far out as the alien adventure in `` slaughterhouse five , '' it did seem like a pleasant offbeat satire about modern man . in the end i enjoyed this book more than `` slaughterhouse five '' because of the comedic voice that i found more visible in `` cat 's cradle . '' though the first was rather ridiculous and interesting , for me it did nothing more than provoke thoughts about where such an idea would come from , rather than make me laugh . i would recommend this book to anyone who is seeking an imaginative and far off satirical story that is sure to create a smile . while many may think the story to be boring and pointless , it is partly this hollowness that makes it so enjoyable . the reader is baffled and unable to understand why things happen the way they do creating a randomness that i have found to be attractive . for those readers that were bored by part of the book and decided to put it down forever , i would encourage you to fight through the beginning . after all , i did in fact at first believe that this would be a serious account of the day the atom bomb was dropped , until the bokonon religion was further explained and glorified
i 'm so sick of this `` alicia jiles right '' moron . i ca n't figure this clown out , she gave eminem 's music <NUM> stars and said its really good and eminem is just as if not more offensive to women as snoop dogg . you obviously think we 're all dumb do n't you ? snoop dogg disrespects woman etc do you think we do n't know that ? i do n't know you but i bet your are pure idiot . lay off snoop dogg and any other rappers your trashing neg reviews on . keep your f * * * * * opinions to yourself biotch ! anyway i miss the old snoop doggy dogg . it seems this guy ca n't top his debut however if you are a fan of snoop like me you should purchase this album along with all the others doggystyle , tha doggfather , da game is to be sold not to be told , no limit top dogg , tha last meal , dead man walkin , tha eastsidaz , duces n trayz the old fashioned way , r & g the masterpiece , welcome to tha chuuch da album and probably some more i have not mentioned . like i said it 's not as good as some of the others but if you are a true snoop fan click add to cart now .
kelly valqui and eunice freire successfully collaborate to present a complete package with all the necessary tools for even the most novice webmaster to design and deploy an attractive , effective web site in web design and development . all the important aspects of web creation are covered including html , tagging , adding images , e-commerce , clip art , javascript , games , budgets , design , and production schedules . the accompanying cd-rom features three free web development packages , shopping cart and text editing , demos , paint shop pro demos , and web certification sample test questions . web design and development is an ideal , comprehensive , and truly & quot ; user friendly & quot ; instruction guide and reference
wonderful book - recommend sarum if you liked this one
this album is a classic.i had to much to dream last night is great and get me o the world on time is to.if you like psychedelic music i would get it
on the whole , i was drawn into rm 's stories more quickly than pd 's ( my favourites are `` the sea king 's son '' and `` the water horse '' ) , although after repeated exposure i 've developed some liking for two of his three . mckinley 's stories herein seem to me to have more detailed and polished world-building . none of the six , to my knowledge , have been published previously . `` mermaid song '' ( pd ) setting = very like puritan new england . ( i 'd have enjoyed it more if pd had simply made it an alternate puritan history . ) while the mundane setting may be off-putting at first , the sea-people 's introduction is well handled when it comes . in a way , this is two stories - a family tradition ( handed down from mother to daughter ) and the story of the protagonist , young pitiable nasmith , left with her maternal grandparents upon her mother 's death in childbirth . near the end of her life , pitiable 's grandmother tells her the story behind the most unusual of her songs - how their ancestress charity goodrich really survived shipwreck upon arriving in the new world as a girl . although the people 's culture is n't fleshed out much , the first contact scene between charity and her sea-children rescuers is realistically detailed . in a neat reversal of some sea-people stories , the air-breathing person was a pet , kept in an undersea cave with no way out . the present-day story turns grim when the grandfather takes to drink after his wife 's death , which seems to have quenched what little of his heart survived his daughter 's passing . eventually he takes to walking along the seashore , and finds something that only pitiable has learned to recognize , shaping up to a possible reversal of the secret tradition . `` the sea-king 's son '' ( rm ) jenny , only child of a well-off farming family , grew into shyness as she grew up , and never let on that she had fallen in love with robert , a good-looking younger son of another farming family from a village on the far side of the harbour separating the small towns they live in - a harbour under a curse by the king of the sea people , to avenge an injustice inflicted by the land people in the days when the two races had dealings with one another ( though only a trade in luxury items , never friendship , each race considering the other too alien to grow close to ) . but when jenny 's parents make plans to send her away to the city for a season , in the hope that she might shake off her shyness , and perhaps find a good husband , robert finally makes a move - for love of jenny 's inheritance rather than for her . but late in their courtship , jenny makes an unannounced visit alone to robert 's family home , and what she learns there is more terrible for her than any ancient tale of sea-curses , and drives her onto the shortest road home - the direct route across the harbour . `` sea serpent '' ( pd ) i was disappointed with the initial scene-setting , although the wave-riders eventually won me over a bit . the conflict between the new religion 's chief god and the old 's chief goddess comes to a head as the builder of a new temple seeks building stone taken from the goddess ' shrine ( which seemed unoriginal ) . the magic-working temple-builder forces the neutral wave-riders , worshippers of the sea god , to help transport the stones . the details of the minutiae , practical politics , and ethics of the wave-riders ' work make the latter portion of the story a decent read . `` water horse '' ( rm ) `` this island is a strange place ... a threshold between land and water ; and the boundary between us is striven for , and fought over , and it shifts sometimes this way , and sometimes that ... it is over this one island that the war is fought , and if once we yielded , then all those lands behind us - farther from the boundary we protect - would immediately come under threat , and they have no guardians . we are the guardians ; and here we hold the line . '' so says western mouth to her inland-born apprentice , tamia , who began her training at fourteen as do all apprentices , and ca n't help worrying that she 's not really suitable for the work . but western mouth was a very old woman by the time tamia came along ... when western mouth has a stroke five years into tamia 's apprenticeship , the defenses are torn open , allowing a creature of sea-magic to slip through that tamia must face in her guardian 's stead . `` kraken '' ( pd ) somewhat similar to `` mermaid song '' , although the two humans swept into the water are saved by more supernatural means and for more complex reasons . the protagonist , a young sea-princess indulging in her last rule-breaking before coming of age , runs serious risks to try to return them to the upper air . `` a pool in the desert '' ( rm ) the only damar story herein - not surprising , for a country bordered by desert in the more recent ages of the world . the protagonist , a present-day homelander ( not unlike our own present ) , begins dreaming of a time so far in damar 's past that it has become legend , and finds it far more like home than her parents ' household , with their stranglehold on their children .
lily allen mixes hip-hop with a pop sound . she 's got catchy , easy to listen to music
even after all the years , the show is entertaining -- not rocket science stuff but just plain fun & entertaining . the cast stay to character show to show ( & season to season ) . while the plots are n't complicated , they allow the viewer to escape for about <NUM> minutes into enjoyment , & knowing that the good guys will triumph & live to fight another day
a confession of an economic hit man was excellent book on the united states government raises to global dominate via corporation american and private organization . the push for global dominate has been forced upon americans through education , and media outlets .
i found this dvd very informative for teaching seniors who exercise in a chair . the movements are different than those i was doing and i really needed some new ideas . thank
my wife and i laughed , and were brought to tears throughout this movie . it is an interwoven number of stories about love and relationships - and the hardships and highlights within familes . the acting is great - and we have watched this move many times over the last couple of years
i owned this ( the movie version ) years ago as a record and loved it . then i got rid of my records and switched to cd 's . after several years i was missing my camelot music . so i bought the broadway cast version with julie andrews & richard burton ( how could i go wrong ? ! ? ) . i was quite disappointed and over the next couple years only listened to camelot , perhaps , once more . finally , i realized that i needed to buy the movie version of camelot with vanessa redgrave and richard harris . wow , i am delighted once again ! ! now i find myself humming the songs and looking forward to hearing camelot again .
this film is either the stupidest movie ever made or one of the best . i laughed for the first <NUM> minutes , virtually without stopping . the rest of the film is also very good , i was just tired . the concept of taking an old cliched film and morphing it into a spoof of the entire genre is brilliant and very well executed here . hope that they release a sequel .
st . elsewhere remains my absolute favorite tv show , and it even ranks high among all of the other forms of entertainment that i enjoy , like movies , music and books . it 's the first show i remember watching that achieved a certain level of realism with its characters , and that had continuing storylines without being a soap opera . you could watch each episode without having seen previous ones , but you were definitely rewarded if you watched each week . it was also the first show i remember that was n't afraid to take risks with its many characters- they were n't perfect people , and sometimes very bad things happened to them . st . elsewhere was intelligent but highly entertaining tv , and it ( and hill street blues ) paved the way for some excellent shows today that maintain similar standards . and so i 've waited for a long time for st . elsewhere to be on dvd . i 'm not disappointed , but the first season is definitely different from later years . i do n't remember much of the first two seasons , but it seems to me that the show hit its stride in year two and peaked in it third and fourth seasons . the first season is very good , but the characters have n't been developed quite as well as they would later , and its hard to be invested in some of them knowing that they would disappear after the first season with no explanation . also , some of the storylines ( especially those involving the psychiatric wing of the hospital ) seem silly and unrealistic- almost more like something out of a sitcom than from a serious drama . still , though , this is where it all started and it 's clear that the groundwork was being laid for a great show . minor details mentioned here will become major storylines later on , and events that impact characters now will play even bigger roles later . there are many genuinely emotional and dramatic moments , as well as interesting and well-written stories about medical cases and , more importantly , about the personal lives of the employees at st. eligius . it would have been nice to have more extras , as other reviewers have mentioned , but i 'm glad that the first season is fully intact ( although it seems like they did substitute some of the songs- that is definitely not bruce springsteen singing `` born to run '' in the first episode ) . it 's frustrating that there is no word yet on future seasons , but hopefully sales will be enough that we 'll get the complete show in a relatively short period of time .
awesome ! ! if you know anything about this boxed set then you know that its a must have for your collection
& quot ; the fly & quot ; is a well made / known sci-fi classic . andre ( david hedison ) is a scientist , working on a contraption that disintegrates solid matter , sending it to another location to be re-integrated . andre wants to develop it for the good of mankind , but that would make for one dull movie ! instead , he accidentally enters the disintegration chamber with an undetected fly . the two become fused into one being . andre ends up with a fly head and claw . the fly gets andre 's head and upper body . andre 's wife is tested to the depths of her love for her now hideous husband . a frantic search for the tiny fly ensues ( maybe they could de-fuse them ? ? ) with tragic results . vincent price is excellent as andre 's brother . yes , it 's true that & quot ; return of the fly & quot ; is nowhere near as good as it 's predocessor . however , i like having them both together anyway . andre 's son phillipe is all grown up and decides to continue his father 's work . he enlists the help of a guy who turns out to be a sociopathic criminal , bent on stealing the invention and selling it to an accomplice . after killing a nosey cop ( by turning him into a guinea pig man ) , he knocks phillipe out and puts him in the disintegration cabinet with a suspiciously handy fly . the rest of the film is a revenge story . i like the crooks and the way phillipe avenges their treachery . a great double feature ! pop some corn , pour the beverages , and check the house for those pesky insects ..
i can use `` picture book '' to describe full moon , as images contributed as the major part of this book . do n't think that this book is not worth reading , indeed , it is on the contrary , this is an extraordinary book , because of the photos . there are a lot of astronomy books contain lots of photos , but when you read them , you would find the images are not so good at all , but not because of the photo itself , because of the low resolution . and if you are familiarize with those photos , you would immediately notice that the original photo is not so small in resolution . it is really a very bad idea for the publisher and editor to ignore the importance of image resolution . however , when you first look into full moon , you will find you 're getting into a different world as you are already delighted by the spectacular images of the moon taken from apollo mission . normally , owing to the technological limitation in 1960s and 1970s , all images are only mostly available as hard copy and not so high resolution . however , project full moon can turn those hard copies into very high resolution images . i can even tell you that , nasa even do n't have such high resolution images before . since these reasons , i would rank this book as my list of top <NUM> astronomy book . if you really love astronomy , you must not miss this book , miss the extraordinary journey to the moo
it 's excellent dvd series to add to your collection . jimmy walker ( jj ) & ( florida ) ester rolle
as proud new owners of an antique home in marblehead , ma -- built circa <NUM> -- we were thrilled to find treena crochet 's `` colonial style . '' it helped greatly in getting our creative juices in motion . and the author even took time to respond to my e-mail inquiry about a ceiling issue which had us stumped . the book is a real pleasure to own -- just like our antique home ! ann and mik
i had heard wolfe described as america 's premier social critic before i read this book . i did not come away disappointed as wolfe tackled many issues in modern life from a proper critical perspective , ignoring ideology in favor of reason . he finds the flaws in both left and right , feminism and laissez-faire capitalism . written at a level where the average reader can understand , unlike many scholarly works , this book still offers in-depth analysis . wolfe is certainly one of the more impressive authors i 've read lately
this dvd is pretty good , but the reviews i had read led me to believe i was really going to get an amazing batch of pro secrets . the dvd is good and she does tell some things that you probably have n't heard anywhere else . i am speaking specifically about her ideas she got from her conversations with the fbi and her tips on how to deal with a maniac at the table . i really thought those two areas were exceptional . it always seems like common sense after you hear it , but she really does clear a lot of things up and does a good job of providing a lot of information . a few downsides to mention : she discusses a lot about tells and sizing up an opponent . i only play online , so this stuff did n't help me . also , when she discusses a tell , she performs it herself as she talks about it . when lederer discussed tells in his dvd , he had actors play them out in a scenario , which i thought was both entertaining and more helpful to remember . the dvd never leaves a poker table with her just talking -- which decreases the desire to watch it a lot of times . had she ventured into the casino a few times to show a hand or something to change things up a little , i think it would have been better . basically , the dvd gets a little boring after watching it a time or two . wrapping up this review , you have annie duke sharing her thoughts on how to take care of business at the poker table . it might not be the most entertaining dvd you ever buy , but there is some good information on the dvd . definitely worth the price to have a pro player give up <NUM> minutes of their time . if you only play poker online , you can skip this one and wait for her online poker dvd . it should be a better choice . if you play some live poker , i think you 'll definitely want to know the information on this dvd . it could really make you more dangerous at the tables .
vengeance in death by j.d . robb is the fifth book in this `` in death '' series by this author who is the alter ego of nora roberts . this pseudonym is only used for her futuristic series ( do n't let that genre fool you - these books are fantastic , even if you do n't usually like science fiction type stories ! ) it seems that each of the books in this series so far has the murders involving eve dallas ' lover/husband , roarke , in some form or another and this one is no different . if you 've read these from the first book , naked in death , then you 've followed the relationship evolution between the two strong main characters and you 've been given a glimpse of each of their pasts . vengeance in death explores , in greater detail , roarke 's past and that of his butler , summerset . a killer is loose and he 's killing men with irish links ; unfortunately , that irish link is roarke and his past crimes . summerset 's daughter , marlena , had been brutally murdered in dublin , ireland many years before and roarke avenged her death by killing the six men responsible . now it seems that someone is killing roarke 's informants from the past . it 's eve dallas ' job as primary homicide detective in the cases to find out who this mad man is and stop him before another victim is found . sounds like a typical `` who dun it ? '' type book right ? well with j.d . robb , you can always expect to find a bit more intrigue , romance and humor thrown into the plot . the added character of ian mcnibb ( electronic detective division wonder-boy ) is a pure stroke of genius . and the undertones of a romantic entanglement between mcnibb and officer delia peabody ( dallas ' able assistant ) leaves the reader wanting more and not being able to wait to read the next book to find out if these two actually do get together . one of my favorite support characters , mavis , is missing from this book - actually , she makes a very brief appearance , and that leaves a bit of fun out of the story line . but do n't worry - the other colorful characters are all there - commander whitney , police chief tibble , summerset , peabody , dr. mira , and of course eve and roarke . the identity of the killer was n't predictable this time , and actually had me guessing up to the end of the book . the clues as to his identity were few and far between , but the outcome made sense once everything was in the open . vengeance in death is more sound writing from j.d . robb and her versions of the future are impressive . i want a turbo car that can go from new york city to new los angeles in three hours just as they have in this book ! ( with gas prices the way they are now , i 'm wondering what kind of gas and gas mileage they 're getting in the future ! ) it will be interesting to see if the world is any closer to these creations in the year <NUM> - only <NUM> more years to go and we 'll see ! but i 'm first in line for one of those autochef inventions that cooks your meal upon voice command - no cooking , no cleaning - ah , paradise ! vengeance in death is n't the best book in the series that i 've read , but it is still excellent .
i love the review before mine by comiccostumes , the one line dis -- i 've read his other review of a japan anime video where he commends the `` well placed panty shots . '' i can see how bare disappointed him . pornography it is not . instead it is a woman examining sexuality , power , control and other dynamics in the context of five women that work in a seattle peep show . it is a study of a culture not many of us get to see . and , as comiccostumes learned , little of it has to do with lust for sex . for some it has to do with survival , for others power , for others simply a freedom to feel good about themselves and their bodies . for the men on the receiving end of the lap dance it must come as a real let-down .
i was curious to listen to david zinman and the zurich orchestra after all i had read in the cd guide books and magazines . this is my sixth full cycle ( karajan <NUM> and <NUM> , klemperer , bernstein/vpo and toscanini ) and these days is definetely my favourite . zinman brings new life to the symphonies- period . the barenreiter edition may play a role in the freshness of the music but the passion of maestro and orchestra makes you feel as if you are present in the music hall , being a spectator of a live performance . the first symphonies were the greatest surprise for me , and i can now see the maturation of beethoven , where as the older approaches interepreted these pieces as small `` eroicas '' . there is no doubt there are better interepretations of individual symphonies out there - ex . carlos kleiber on the 5th , klemperer on the `` eroica '' -old style or furtwangler on the <NUM> recording of the `` choral '' - but this fact can not overshadow what i find as an excellent set at a great price
from the laid-back observations of passenger to the anguished soul squeals of turn blue , iggy injects a range of styles with honesty and irony . from beginning to end , a perfect listening experience ! i do n't think even one song is sub-par ! if you like rock , you must own lust for life !
a bug 's life ( collector 's edition ) ~ dave foley is one of the best animated movies that i have ever seen period . the animation is top of the line and this movie is so much better then antz . the story begins with ants collecting food for an offering , and then our `` hero '' manages to trash this cermoney and then trouble begins . the story is well developed and well written and unlike `` antz '' we are here spared pseudo political messages and this is good since the movie is after all made for children and not adults . one important message that is sent is to children is to tollerate different people and not to judge people . the music is splendid and the dialogue is right on the money . highly recommended indeed
this series is in my opinion , better than the previous three seasons as the pace is quicker and there are more jokes per minute . the writers were at a creative peak by this point and the show hit its highest ratings in america . the episode - til death do we volley - is an excellent example of how great this season was , it is hilarious from start to finish and full of funny twists . the times when rose begins to tell a st olaf story are often met by much more bitchiness that before and you can see how each character 's personality has been developed since the show started . i ordered this dvd for use in the uk as unfortunately no more series are being released in europe due to poor sales of the previous three . i found that it played fine in my multi-region dvd player , and came with better packaging too
i am <NUM> years old . i grew up ( and still am growing up ) listening to some of the finest rock n ' roll ever produced . jet is the only new rock band i 've understood in years . what does that tell you about the sorry state of music right now ? buy jet 's cd . get their next one as well . listen to real rock n ' roll .
i hope that freddie is well and hope to see you all soon . wishing you all the best in life . life is what you make it . you make it easy listening happy holidays to al
if there 's one cd that i 'd call jill sobule 's magnum opus , i 'd say that it 'd be happy town . there 's so much good material here
i just did this workout for the first time and i have to say it was a refreshing change from the usual kicks , knee lifts , side steps and marching of the other watp series . it was interesting and fun . if you are familiar with any of leslies tapes , you know that there is constant chatter and it will sometimes get weird , and the queing will be off , but that is leslie . the moves are n't complicated , so you may miss a second or two , but can catch up easily . in spite of all that , i find her a motivating instructor and i guess that she is laughing all the way to the bank since she sells jillions of dvds/videos despite not being perfect .
i had been searching for this dvd for some time -- i was happy to find it here and i am very pleased with it . the sound is great and the video is very sharp . i would reccomend it
in the early 19th century , a woman in foreign garb is found walking the english countryside . her language is a mystery . is she the lost princess of south pacific island , a lunatic , or someone else entirely ? this is the central question of princess caraboo , whose title character is wonderfully played by the alternatively child-like and proud phoebe cates . kevin kline and john lithgow deliver very funny performances as , respectively , the suspicious greek butler of the family that & quot ; adopts & quot ; caraboo and a professor called in to determine whether she 's a fraud . through it all , stephen rea provides a quiet , consistent presence as a journalist fascinated by caraboo 's story , whatever it may really be ( though rea 's hair is disturbingly similar to richard simmons ' here ) . this is a good rental film , filled both with these performances and gorgeous scenes of the english countryside . and it is not without a relevant message : do we not hope that those around us may turn out to be more than they seem , so that we may either profit by our association with them or , if they turn out to be infamous , come out looking superior ? a pleasant 4-star diversion
this book is not a history in the since of most history books . it does not detail how the academy began , or how it changed over the years , or give you any kind of insider view of its workings . instead , it is a complete listing of every nominee and every winner in every category since the award ceremony 's inception in <NUM> . there are plenty of photographs of the nominees and images of scenes from the nominated films for each year , so it is not dry in the way many reference books are . in fact , mr. osborne 's love of film and its history really shine through in the book . it is interesting to look through this book and see what we consider to be films that have withstood the test of time versus which ones were rewarded by the academy at the time . for example , in <NUM> , the academy did recognize that `` gone with the wind '' was the best picture of the year , which people were lining up to watch in movie theaters until its television broadcast premiere in <NUM> . however , in <NUM> , `` how green was my valley '' won best picture , which is a film that hardly anyone watches anymore , while `` citizen kane '' was completely ignored . it 's also interesting to see how the academy compensated for past oversights by awarding performances that were less than stellar in subsequent years . for instance , in <NUM> bette davis was overlooked in her performance in `` of human bondage '' . this caused a huge public outcry . the following year the academy gave her the best actress award for her performance in `` dangerous '' - a move that has largely been seen over the years as a consolation prize for what happened the year before . this book is full of little insights such as these , and it is a fun book that gives hours of entertainment for film history buffs . i bought my first copy of this history by mr. osborne back in <NUM> when he was then detailing the <NUM> years of the oscar , and i enjoyed it so much i have been updating my copy every time he releases a new edition . highly recommended
this is the best sci-fi series ever , with incredible sfx , a great cast , and a riveting story line .
once again , tom rosenbauer delivers a clearly-written , practical , and insightful book on fly-fishing . this time he looks at tying and gives many practical tips -- especially on the use of tools and materials . for example , a beginner is hit with all these tools -- which ones are best , which ones to use , etc . rosenbauer gives clear descriptions of which tools are most useful , what they 're used for , and which ones you do n't really need . at the same time , he gives tips from his experience -- also useful for the expert . the bulk of the book is , of course , the fly-tying receipes . he provides many photographs of each step in making a fly . the many photos are probably more than the expert will need , but very important for a beginner . for the expert , you get many great fly receipes . overall , highly recommended fly-tying guide
brian depalma 's blow out is a taut thriller that would make hitchcock proud . the master of suspense loved to put his characters in situations where they had to sit by helplessly while events occur beyond their control - the best example of this is rear window - and depalma uses that technique to great effect in the finale of blow out . john travolta plays jack , a philadelphia movie sound man who witnesses a car accident one night while he is out recording audio on a bridge . he manages to rescue sally ( nancy allen ) from the wreckage , but another man - who we later find out is the front-running presidential candidate mcryan - is left for dead . after reviewing his recording of the accident , jack determines that this was no accident . he believes that somebody deliberately shot out the tire , but who , and why ? when video of the accident surfaces , shot by a man named karp ( dennis franz ) , jack begins to suspect that both sally and karp know more than they 're letting on . we also see glimpses of a vigilante psychopath , played by john lithgow , but who is he , and what are his motives ? jack is determined to find out the truth and unravel the conspiracy , but despite many clues that this was n't an accident , nobody else seems to want to investigate any further . jack is also scared that now that the assassins have achieved their goal , anyone who might discover that this was no accident must be eliminated , including himself and sally , to whom he has developed an attachment . blow out is an excellent film that entertains on many levels - plus it takes place in my fair city of philadelphia . it does n't dumb anything down for the audience , and the characters manage to act like any of us could see ourselves acting if placed in the same situations . thumbs up .
this is a book about a boy named matt and his adventures . matt 's father goes back to quincy to get matt 's two sisters and his mom . matt has to survive in the woods alone . he might even make friends with some unexpected people . i really liked the sign of the beaver because it had a good beginning and showed a lot of emotion within the characters . when the author wrote about one part of the book , i thought there was going to be a different ending . i was very surprised about what the ending really was . the author described the book with very interesting words that really explained what the story is about . matt makes friends with an indian boy named attean . their relationship is complicated . this book is one of the best novels i 've ever read . i hope you get a chance to read it
it as wonderful to enjoy season <NUM> of hart to hart all over again . the black tie , the romance -- it was great !
most people are familiar with at least rhapsody <NUM> from watching warner brothers ' cartoons , if for no other reason . that delightful piece is included but there is so much more ! this is a wonderful album to enjoy . among my favorites is the short but delightful number <NUM> in a minor . it is a joy to hear but , then again , all of these are . do not expect orchestral arrangements . this is for the piano by itself . listen and enjoy !
for a navy guy like me to admit that i read a selp help book is hard enough , but to share how much i loved it with millions of people i think is even harder ! my wife forced me to start reading this book `` relationships : gifts of the spirit '' but after about ten pages she could n't have taken it away from me if she tried . i started with chapter eight because it was the chapter on `` war '' . i was expecting the normal war stuff , but instead i got a lesson in something much more important . i have started to learn how to listen to my body through pain and sickness . i never thought back and neck pain were anything more that a nuisance , but the author tells me in her book that they are messages . maybe that five mile run was too much , maybe fighting with my wife or avoiding phone calls from my mother was not the best course of action and the only way my body knew to tell me was to make me feel pain . i have since recommended this book to all of the guys ! it 's not what you expect from a book about relationships
range of motion was my third elizabeth berg novel ( talk before sleep and until the real thing comes along being the other two ) and i must say this is by far my favorite . i loved this book from the opening line to the finishing sentence . berg portrayed her title character , lainey , with great sympathy and passion for what she loved . i loved lainey all the way through the book and she remains my favorite fiction character . throughout the novel lainey is dealing with her husband being in a coma after a freak accident along with taking care of her two daughters and helping her neighbor cope with a failing marriage . i cried along with lainey and smiled at her happy moments the entire time keeping the faith that lainey 's husband would one day wake up along with her . for any fan of berg or any reader interested in a truly great book , i highly recommend range of motion
i expected a hystrionic-filled movie , and was pleasantly surprised by wisecracker oscar levant . he makes the film . of course , whenever you buy one of these joan crawford works , you 're going to get her flashing , emotive persona , but the stiletto-sharp writing and the beautiful score keep you from cringing . it 's a treat to be front row at one of the several oscar levant / james garfield ( really isaac stern ) piano/violin duets . this film is worth the investment . you will want to revisit the musical performances .
i love how this book offers concrete and authentic ways to manage learning in kindergarten . the examples of the assessments used during writing conferences and reading groups are clear and managable . it was easy for me to take her examples and utilize them in my own classroom to monitor and boost student achievement . above all , the author 's genuine love for children and belief that all children can have success shines through . you can see your own classroom being as fun and inviting as the author describes . every kindergarten teacher should read this book
wayne grudem has written a great deal about biblical manhood and womanhood . besides articles in periodicals , he has written recovering biblical manhood and womanhood : a response to evangelical feminism which he co-authored with john piper . he has written evangelical feminism and biblical truth : an analysis of more than <NUM> disputed questions and then two collections of essays he edited , biblical foundations for manhood and womanhood and pastoral leadership for manhood and womanhood . the latest addition to this list is evangelical feminism : a new path to liberalism ? . grudem describes this book as `` an expression of deep concern about a widespread undermining of the authority of scripture in the arguments that are frequently used to support feminism . it is also a way of posing a question : can a movement that espouses this many ways of undermining the authority of scripture possible be right ? '' the book 's argument , then , is that evangelical feminism sets those who affirm it on a slippery slope that will inevitably lead to liberalism . it is important to define terms and grudem , always a deliberate author , does just this . by theological liberalism he refers to `` a system of thinking that denies the complete truthfulness of the bible as the word of god and denies the unique and absolute authority of the bible in our lives . '' and by evangelical feminism he means `` a movement that claims there are no unique leadership roles for men in marriage or in the church . '' leadership in both the home and the church is to be shared equally between men and women according to their gifts and desires . he leads readers through five points : <NUM> . liberal protestant denominations pioneered evangelical feminism and now evangelical feminists have adopted many of the arguments earlier used by theological liberals to advocate women 's ordination and to reject male headship in marriage . <NUM> . many prominent evangelical feminist writers advocate positions that either deny or undermine the authority of the bible . other egalitarians endorse books written by these people without taking a stance against those who deny scripture 's authority . <NUM> . recent trends show that evangelical feminists are heading towards the denial of anything uniquely masculine and some now even refer to god as `` our mother in heaven . '' <NUM> . the history of others who have adopted these positions shows that the next step is the acceptance of homosexuality . <NUM> . the common thread running through these trends is a rejection of the authority of scripture in people 's lives -- the very bedrock principle of theological liberalism . these dire predictions aside , grudem is careful to affirm that there are some egalitarians who continue to uphold the authority of scripture ( men like roger nicole , walter kaiser , jack hayford , etc ) but warns that , while these men may remain orthodox , those who follow them will likely drift further and further from affirming the authority of scripture , for this is a common pattern in the church . these men , despite their good intentions and their love for the bible , may be inadvertently leading the next generation astray . grudem provides a short chapter liberalism and women 's ordination , showing that there is no theologically liberal denomination or seminary in the united states today that opposes women 's ordination . this proves that liberalism and the approval of women 's ordination go hand in hand . the heart of the book is contained in two sections . the first , with fifteen short chapters , examines evangelical feminist views that undermine or deny the authority of scripture . these range from saying that paul 's teaching on women 's roles was just plain wrong , to suggesting that women may preach or teach men as long as they are under the authority of a pastor , to relying on experience as the arbiter of what is right and true . the second section , with ten short chapters , examines evangelical feminist views that are based on untruthful or unsubstantiated claims . these include those who teach that paul told the women in corinth to `` keep silent '' because they were disrupted church services , that the word `` head '' actually means `` source , '' and that the son is not subordinate to the father in the trinity . grudem concludes `` i can not say for sure . but i can think of no other viewpoint or movement within the whole history of the christian church ( except theological liberalism itself ) that has generated so many novel and ultimately incorrect ways of interpreting the bible . '' having provided the facts and having provided brief analysis , grudem finally seeks to understand where evangelical feminism is taking the church . he concludes that the next step is to deny anything distinctly masculine . at the foundation of evangelical feminism , he feels , is a dislike of manhood itself . this will lead to a denial that there is anything uniquely masculine about god and allow people to refer to god as mother . the danger here , of course , is that calling god `` mother '' `` is changing god 's own description of himself in the bible . it is calling god by a name that he has not taking for himself . therefore it is changing the way the bible teaches us to think of god . it is thus changing our doctrine of god . '' the final step along this trajectory is the widespread acceptance of homosexuality . those who advocate the morality of homosexuality within a biblical context are using the very same arguments used by evangelical feminists . churches that accept the arguments of evangelical feminists will have very little ground to stand on when they attempt ( or if they attempt ) to uphold the biblical condemnation of homosexuality . what is ultimately at stake in evangelical feminism is the bible itself . i appreciated grudem taking his argument to its fullest extent and showing what is truly at stake here . too often arguments about issues like evangelical feminism can proceed no further than the doctrine itself . i think grudem has done the church a great service in showing and proving that this discussion is not merely about how particular churches operate . rather , based on this discussion we can see which churches can remain faithful in the future and which will inevitably drift further and further from the authority of scripture and thus further and further from god himself . if evangelical feminism is , indeed , a new path to an old problem , grudem has shown just how seriously we need to take it
betty davis is the greatest in this movie , and i recomend it to anyone who is a fan of her 's . c.schuber
hot hot heat 's make up the breakdown is a follow-up of knock knock knock . personally , if you 're a big hot hot heat fan , this will be one of your most favorite albums . each and every song is unique and has catchy beats that will make you want to dance . the first song naked in the city again is great . the second song , no , not now , is a popular tune that you ca n't help but start movin ' . get in or get out has some of the most rad keyboarding parts . bandages , one of the biggest hits on the album is sort of what boosted hot hot heat 's career and just this one song will make the album worth purchasing . oh goddamnit is such an amazing song , with very fun lyrics so you 're bound to sing along . the next song aveda keeps many of us wondering : ex-girlfriend or hair product ? either way you 'll like you 'll still enjoy this song . this town , many believe was written about some crazy fans , you listen and decide for yourself . talk to me , dance with me was also a very big hit that got fans into hot hot heat . this song makes me dance , sing , and every other thing you can do to your favorite song . on save us s.o.s . you will love how deep the lead singer , steve bays ' voice sounds , your heart will melt . although very different from hot hot heat 's normal songs , in cairo , is also a great song and adds a fabulous ending to make up the breakdown . this cd will be in your stereo for hours on end . the songs are addicting so this album is definately worth it 's money .
wow , i 'm a bit too young to remember the addams family in its original run on network television , but i love the charles addams cartoons , and have always liked john astin , so i bought this dvd set . it is just wonderful . nice clean prints of the episodes . great writing , and a wonderful ensemble cast . and there really is a subtle message in these shows about being true to yourself and being kind . the more savage-appeal of the movies is absent here-these characters are quirky , but well-meaning , and i heartily recommend this set . the commentary with steve cox , lisa loring , ken weatherwax and felix silla is also terrific and fun and gives a bit of behind-the-scenes flavor that is very welcome
when i first saw an episode of little britain i really did n't know wheather to laugh or turn off the tv . this series has a very bad habit of growing on you and then before you know it you are completly hooked . you are completly hooked when you start saying ... '' yeah ... , but no , but yeah ... '' to people . some of the characters are a little out of left field , but that is what i love about biritsh comedy . so politicaly uncorrect and full of dirty humor . sit down and enjoy the ride ....
michael giacchino 's score for mission : impossible <NUM> is an excellent blend of action music and a grat adaption of schiffen 's classic music . as he did with the incredibles , giacchino shows the ability to write a classic score that fits perfectly with the film and stands up well on its own . probably the best of the three mission scores . elfman 's matched his own style , zimmer 's matched his , but giacchino 's matched mission : impossibles
a wonderful , lucid , entertaining and informative guide . craig takes the reader step-by-step through some of the principal works of ancient and modern philosophy , and provides us with an essential guide to the somewhat daunting task of deciphering and understanding a range of compelling thinkers and their works . with an engaging , friendly writing style ( and an excellent bibliography to encourage us to continue our journey ) , this is an indispensable little volume
in tis film , bruce wayne becomes the dark knight `` batman . ''he is trying to protect the city from the evil forces of the crimanal underworld.meanwhile , jack napier falls into a vat of acid while having an encounter with batman . this fall turned him into the homicidel maniac called `` the joker '' .and a very intresting photojourulist named vicki vale trys to find out what her boyfriend , bruce wayne is trying to hide from her.the joker plans to get his face on the one dollar bill , and murder all of gotham city with deathly joker grins on there face.will batman be able to stop joker from having the last laugh ? will vicki understand bruce 's tragic past ? find out in `` batman ''
i thought this movie was very good . i love the middle ages time era , and the things that made this movie good was the fact that it had some history in it . plus , i liked the way they showed that there were certain problems with traveling back and forth through time . and how at a certain point you wo n't be able to get back home : ( then , too the end of the movie with maverick and lady claire buried in the tomb stone he was actually digging up himself . it makes you wonder who would 've been there in his place if he kept digging
this guide is the most accurate and well-written travel book that i have ever purchased . i took it everywhere . it honestly told me what to expect - good and bad . i am certain that my positive travelling experience would have been different without it . please buy this book over its rivals it is indispensible
i have read this book several times . he has a clear and logical way of presenting the stages of construction . his web site is informative and his video is equally as instructive . in terms of a complete `` how to '' series , i only wish other disciplines were as good . in addition to the quality of his construction , i am particularly fond of his designs . most other stitch and glue plans lack the elegance of sam 's designs
ya should get dis cuz its gots da best super produces paul & juicy , dis cd is now a classic and <NUM> of da best cds they ever made , ya keep lookin out for for more fire cd 's dat are goin <NUM> come out later dis year like- project pat crook by da book da feds story , boogey mane out of da closet , lil wyte 3rd times the charm , and ya keep lookin out for three <NUM> mafia production for other artists like chingy , nelly , ali & gipp , lyfe jennings , glc , 8ball & mjg and there also prolly goin <NUM> work with jay-z in hes new cd , its really goin down three <NUM> mafia are on top of da game ! defeat does not exit in dis camp
this is a clear , well written guide to dealing with behaviors every parent faces . it offers sound advice on how to deal with behaviors from whining to bullying and when to seek professional help . advice is presented well with main points highlighted and clear examples of how to apply the advice . it was extremely well laid out and easy to read . i particularly enjoyed the information on causes of behaviors as well as dealing with them . by the end of the book , parents have a clear idea of how to figure out what is causing a behavior and have some suggestions on how to change or eliminate the behavior
taking history and melding it with fiction , and making it highly readable takes talent . everything is in this book . furst crosses <NUM> years ( <NUM> to <NUM> ) , has characters move in and out of the narrative as well as have a panoramic/epic show going on at the same time , and never for a moment does the story seem thin -- actually it 's thick with thoughts , intentions , hopes and dreams of the characters , and their utter and dire knowledge that the whole of europe is going to go right down the path of total destruction . also , i must mention the humor . the chuckle is there , right after the sadness or the disaster . traveling from bulgaria to moscow , from stalinist russia to a spain steeped in civil war , furst offers bolshevists , the nkvd , defenders of the republic , partisans , and on and on . there is common crime and the common war , political satire and the poignancy of a common death . reading night soldiers makes you want more .
if i had to choose one movie to show and teach students the secrets of great actors-directing , it would be this one . the destiny of peter bogdanovich is amazing : celebrated as one of the world 's best directors in the early 70s , he fell into disgrace because of private problems in the 80s , and rarely got a chance to direct anymore except for tv . somehow it reminds me of the destiny of wim wenders , also celebrated as the new big thing in the 70s , and much disregarded today . both judgements were excessive . they probably were n't the best directors in the world in the 70s - but surely are n't the worst today . this movie is a little , much under-rated and overlooked , certainly humble and understated gem . bogdanovich shows here what it means to direct actors in a way that enhances their performances and brings out deep emotions . this is not a superficial movie . instead , it is one that bears repeated viewings . and it has much of what life has : truth , emotions , changes . i especially like the ending . it seems to get back to the beginning , but it 's not . somehow , everything is there , but everything has changed forever . it 's a happy ending , but bittersweet too . and like real life , it goes on , on a road where you ca n't follow , just like those friends you had and never met again , or just like your past memories . i 've been waiting for a decade to get a dvd of this movie . and i bought it immediately as it came out , because it is really unsure that they may ever reprint this once the first bunch is gone . so get it , do n't miss it , this is the best advice i can give . do n't miss the experience of this movie . this is no special fx movie . this is actors cinema at its best . something rare
this is the best sci-fi series ever . i am a huge fan of the gate . the only reason i give this <NUM> stars instead of <NUM> is because i already have the first few seasons in the old packaging , and if i want my sets to match i am going to have to sell them and re-buy them in the new thin packs . but with the price break now , it 's definately more affordable . plus it will be nice to have a set half the size ! ! ! i can use the room
i felt this was an excellent depiction of a broad section of world cultures . great for providing a more thorough view of our world
i 've waited for what seems to be an impossibly long time for cory morrow 's new cd , and it 's been well worth the wait . there 's only one word i can come up with to describe this album -- amazing . i could n't be prouder to call myself a fan of cory
this movie gets spoofed in jibjab 's short film `` ah-nold for governor '' in which the governator cites the movie as evidence of his gubernatorial political qualifications . hey , it 's a lot more convincing than john kerry 's . especially since this movie is so irresistible . you just have to see the scene in which john kimble reads the kids a poem about clouds . ( incidentally , it 's spring morning '' from a.a. milne 's book , `` when we were very young . '' ) schwarzenegger displays a richard belzer kind of tenderness . then he will turn around and beat the living daylights out of the abusive father in the film ( `` he fell down . you all say the same thing . '' ) kimble 's relationship with grace is moving and convincing and his camaraderie with his female partner phoebe is evocative of detectives benson and stabler in `` law & order : svu '' . i love the scene in which he makes up an entire background ( something cops are used to doing ) and phoebe pretends to have an austrian accent ( she 's almost more convincing than ah-nold . ) the childrens ' loyalty and response to kimble is a joy to see . schwarzenegger 's work with children and his natural charisma make this fish-out-of-water story work . anyone who 's ever taught children will empathize with kimble 's disastrous first day . there are great villains in this piece too , including a mother-in-law from hell . my favorite lines ... phoebe : you 're not so tough without your car , are you ? detective john kimble : there * is * no bathroom . joseph : boys have a penis , girls have a vagina ! detective john kimble : thanks for the tip . tina & rina : our mom says our dad is a real sex machine . joseph : my dad 's a gynecologist . he looks at vaginas all day long . detective john kimble : i have a headache . lowell : it might be a tumor . detective john kimble : it 's not a tumor ! miss schlowski : what did it feel like to hit that s.o.b. ? detective john kimble : it felt great . ( i love how the principal then starts practicing her right hook once kimble leaves her office . you do n't want to mess with this woman anyway , right hook or no . ) detective john kimble : just do n't throw up on me . phoebe : nah , it 's ok , i 'm not gon na throw up on you . but i am gon na kiss you ! detective john kimble : i really appreciate your honesty . you happen to know someone that is not better than me ? dominic : i do n't know that many people . detective john kimble : they 're 6-year-old kids . how much trouble can they be ? phoebe : on second thought , take the gun . crisp 's mother is buying a heap of pediatric medication cullen crisp : the boy 's not sick . eleanor crisp : does n't hurt to take precautions . cullen crisp : mother , you are going to make him sick . you stuffed all this crap down my throat for years , and there was nothing wrong with me ! eleanor crisp : that 's why there was nothing wrong with you . cullen crisp : now , how can you argue with that ? great comedy .
i wanted to throw out a comment to the lengthy review blasting elena and clay 's relationship . i loved this book , not only because kelley armstrong does n't waste time with characters that run around wringing their hands and whining about how 'cursed ' they are . too many authors in this genre waste time with this kind of nonsense . the whole `` i 'm not human therefore i 'm damned '' thing . if you read kelley 's e-novella about clay and elena 's first meeting , you see very clearly that elena actually had a great deal in common with clay before she was changed . i think that was what drew him to her . no , his actions later on were n't very noble , but i think when you understand that he does n't think like a human , then you understand him better . also , this book does a good job of introducing the three way relationship between clay-elena-jeremy . the fact that the main characters are not alpha wolves , but betas ( the followers of the pack ) really is a nice touch . i love this story , it 's one of my favorites . i like the fact that kelley armstrong went outside of the box to inject something a little different into her wolves . to many authors are lazy with their subjects . she 's the real deal
this release is a great one . however it does not compare with the original `` dear diary , my teenage angst has a bodycount '' it seem almost all of the tracks are filler tracks and the entire album must have been spit out at the last minute . that being said the band from first to last is still very talented both musicaly and lyricly .
i got this book when my son was <NUM> months old . i find this book very helpful , especially for first time moms . the book is very clear , it tells you when to start your baby on solids , how much to give and how to prepare it , and much more
after the brief period of time it took to read this tale , i 'm not surprised it found its way into my hands . this is not only a story i `` get , '' ( couple flees city for a life in the country ) it 's full of a self-deprecating and sarcastic wit i welcome when reading memoirs . jim mullen , a humor columnist best known for his `` hot sheet '' in entertainment weekly , portrays manhattan life as addiction . addiction , for example , to non-stop action , broadway plays , gallery openings , ethnic restaurants and the new york times . the symptoms include immunity to noise and smells , and they lead to chain-smoking and excessive spending at the sharper image . he 's hooked . it 's his wife , sue , who takes the lead and buys a farm three hours northwest of the city in the catskills , and drags him along for what turn out to be rehabilitative weekends . as the weekends grow from two days to five and then finally full time , he gives up smoking , takes up bicycling and then learns about everything from growing giant pumpkins to the inner workings of a septic system . one realizes he has come full circle when he describes a dewy spider web as the prettiest thing he 's ever seen and recognizes a `` flatlander '' in the garden store . while observing this newer version of the village idiot , he rolls his eyes and wonders if that 's how he was when he first entered ( the fictional town of ) walleye . the writing is original and funny , informal without being glib , irreverent without being vulgar . for anyone who enjoys well-written memoirs -- particularly those of the city-mouse , country mouse variety -- put this on your list . also recommend : `` fifty acres and a poodle . '' from the author of `` i 'm living your dream life , '' and `` the things i wish i 'd said , '' mckenna publishing group .
no pagan , witch , occulist , magickian or philosopher should be without this book . there is no excuse . this is the most phoenomenal book of its kind . jmg must have spent years creating this . i have never found a more helpful , clear yet complete guide for the occult sciences and all things pagan . this cleared more things up for me than many other books ever could . this is brilliant . pick up a copy ; you will be thrilled that you did
walter e. williams is extremely gifted in his ability to present an argument . in more liberty means less government , williams presents short articles that he has written ( ranging from <NUM> - <NUM> ) , each of these articles is a beautifully orchestrated example of the perfect argument from start to finish . not only does williams present a convincing argument for each topic , but he adjusts his balance of pathos , ethos , and logos depending on the topic he asses . when discussing many potentially controversial topics such as school vouchers or education reform , williams first seeks to establish himself as a credible source on the topic , and frequently brings in more than one real life source on the topic . william 's does n't just quote some professor 's work on education , he refers to the owner of a small private school in his area and her opinion on how to solve the problem of our dismal education schools . due to his brilliance of mind and communication , williams is incredibly effective in presenting his political agenda , and creates a masterpiece in more liberty means less government
it 's a beautiful classic made during our time . if you love romance , this is a beatiful remake of a classic . love the children 's and annette 's rendition of the beatles `` i will '' . dissapointed that the song is not on the original soundtrack . i bought the vhs version in <NUM> and lent it to my friends . they all loved it . they kept wanting to borrow and replay it - for the song ; as well as for the beautiful everything that best describes the the movie . the vhs is now kaput and i definitely have this in my list of the next one to add to my collection of dvds . hope you will enjoy it too
at a time when people are more and more likely to communicate through text messaging and emails , instead of the deeper more nourishing and empowering exchange of a face-to-face , this book truly comes at the right time ! if you are in sales , or journalism , or you want to have a meaningful relationship , have a deep understanding of how to effectively lead a team by understanding what 's happening past the overt representations of communication such as facial expression and vocabulary ... ... or just want to understand from a scientific observation what those little instincts and 'inner-senses ' really mean and can do for you ... ... this book will take your understanding of the inner workings of social 'energy ' to a new level . goleman takes the reader to deeper understanding of neuroscience and how humans are hardwired to respond in a number of varied ( previously so mysterious ) , yet effective ways ... if we just listen to what we 're 'hearing/feeling ' . humans are emotional and subconconscious sponges of life experience ; and goleman 's 'social intelligence ' great follow-up to his prior hit 'emotional intelligence ' is the perfect material to beneficially get that deeper understanding and appreciation of your deep , neurological responses during person-to-person interactions
these are the <NUM> season bundled together , so plan on buying <NUM> more sets later . good deal at $ <NUM>
i have n't done this workout in awhile and thought i 'd wipe the dust off of the cover and try it again . i forgot how challenging this workout is . the lower body almost killed me . i could hardly step down off my transfirmer when it was over . which is good b/c i need more strength in my lower body . the upper body was hard ( i did n't think it was as hard as the lower body though ) , with the push-ups killing me every time . i forgot how much i enjoyed this workout in the past . i will definitely add to my rotation . i had the vhs version , but i 'm glad it 's on dvd now . having it chaptered is easier , in case i want to do lower or upper body only combined with another firm workout
if you love daryl hall & john oates , you will love this new dvd ! daryl , john & the band singing live all the songs from their latest cd our kind of soul . they are great recorded , but unbelievable performing live ! rock steady is a great up beat tune , and the sad , but beautiful neither one of us is very poignant . due to the multi layered nuances of after the dance , this will probably be the only time you will see this great , haunting song sung live by hall & oates .
i am a more recent newsboys fan , so i will not pretend to be able to compare this album with all their previous work . but , devotion is a nice follow-on to the last album , adoration . it is not quite as strong in my opinion , but it does have some really good worship songs . overall , i think the newsboys are a strong modern worship band , and they have created some great songs on previous albums . as far as this disk does , my favorite song on the whole album is `` orphan '' which i think has a really different sound , and i also like `` devotion '' , `` i love your ways '' , and `` presence '' . although some may disagree i really do not like their version of `` blessed be your name '' . i think it pales in comparison to the original , or the version put out by tree63 . i literally hit the skip button everytime this song comes up . i hate to hear a great song ruined . having said that , i still recommend this album to any newsboys fans , or anyone looking for some quality modern worship music .
this wonderful collection of stories is a favorite of mychildren . my children ask for this one again and again , but i enjoyhearing the masterfully told stories so much , i do n't mind hearing it over and over myself
the only reason i knocked off a star is , i was disappointed that in a couple of the movies , boris is hardly in them . it is really stretching to include them as a collection of his movies . other than that , the quality is first rate . and i was glad they gave us three discs , instead of one double-sided one , like they have done in the past . i do n't know if universal did n't have more in their library to choose from , but it is painfully obvious in the black castle , that boris and lon are just making cameos to try market it as a horror movie .
this book clearly explains the basic guidelines to becoming a millionaire and taking time to enjoy the little things . michael leboeuf is a great author and knows how to get to the point . the dedication and pride that went into this book is tremendous and it clearly beams whenever you read a passage from any part of the book . always following leboeuf 's law : `` invest your time actively and your assets passively . '' i advise everyone to do themselves a favor and buy this wonderful masterpiece . it 's truly made me a better person
this is a wonderful album that is filled with color and life ( not unlike the movie ) . we have a great cross-section of sounds represented here . `` rose de castilla , '' a beautiful , all-vocal song , takes us back to michoacan , where the sanchez family gets their start , before the father , jose , walks across the border to los angeles ( `` a line in the dirt in those days '' ) . we also hear the energetic music of the 1950s ( `` angel baby '' by jeanette hurado and `` que rico el mambo '' by perez prado ) . this transports us to the lives of the first generation of sanchezes , born in the united states , raised by their mexican-born parents . we also have some lively merengue ( in the form of `` guavaberry '' by juan luis guerra y 4.40 ) . you all will love this cd ! ! !
anyone who talks about & quot ; fading genius & quot ; in reference to this album is out of their mind . it is true that by the time sly released & quot ; heard ya missed me ... & quot ; the band had hit the nadir of its creative output , but their downward slope did not start until well after this album was recorded . & quot ; small talk & quot ; is in fact a brilliant follow up to fresh , and a brilliant acheivement in it own right . the album retains the positive lyrical content , but it redirects that positivity toward more personal and family oriented themes . the arrangements are less in your face , the feel is a lot more relaxed , and there is even a lot of ( absolutely wonderful ) studio chatter to preface certain songs . sly could never release two similar albums in a row , so for this album he broke with protocol in another senese that a lot of these reviewers do n't get : & quot ; small talk & quot ; is a soul album . here is why : the grooves are subtler and more sedate , violins are involved ( but not in a cheesy way ) , and there is a new emphasis on gutwrenching , heartfelt vocals . indeed , both sly and rosie turn in their best vocal performances here . i think many of the people who have reviewed & quot ; small talk & quot ; here on amazon have missed this point entirely , but you might miss it as well . so , if you 're looking another agressive funk album the likes of riot or fresh , you will also be severely dissapointed by & quot ; small talk & quot ; and should not buy it . however , if you like albums like donnie hathaway 's & quot ; everything is everything , & quot ; or if you cymande 's downtempo stuff , or charles wright and the 103st rythym band , then spare no expense and immediately purchase this japanese import . this is one of the best soul albums ever recorded ( which is not to say it 's not funky . ) if you bought & quot ; the essential sly and the family stone & quot ; like i did , you 've already heard time for livin ' and loose booty . like me , you probably thought they were solid tracks but would not persuade you to buy a <NUM> dollar cd . well , after hearing small talk in its entirety i can honestly say that those are the two weakest tracks on here . sly was a genius and this album chronicles his continued evolution . it is a must have for anyone who likes sly , soul , funk , or even just music . the fact that this small talk is not available in america is a profound statement about the way our nation treats its visionaries and cultural giants
i am not a fan of the carpenters but when i was younger ( <NUM> years ago ) i knew a lot of their songs but considered my self a `` rock and roller '' without a decent gear to listen to . with good equipment on hand now and collecting albums of my youth in sacd format , i decided to buy this one and was surprised that the remastering was one of the best i have heard . i am a stereo only person because i do not find the hometheater enjoyable . i tried it for <NUM> years ( from <NUM> ) but did not get the satisfaction i have now with my stereo equipment . my equipment has high end sound with a medium high end price . to this day , i have yet to hear a system better sounding than mine ( yes i am biased ! ) . high end does not mean excellent sound because i tried to listen to well known brands and i could not get satisfied with the sound . i believe the key to good sounds are the amplifier specs that only two manufacturers still specify . slew rate and damping factor . one is australian and the other swiss . i have the australian brand to beat . speakers and interconnects are secondary but to me , electrostatic speakers are king ! sacd players that are mid range suffice
this book is great from start to finish . siegel holds the readers attention from beginning to end . the book opens in a courtroom where a former boxer is accused of `` assualt with a deadly chicken . '' this had me laughing out loud . siegel is a great writer
the is a wonderful collection of hymns . alan should do more acoustic work . glad his mother was finally able to get him to cut the cd . sang most of the songs while growing up in el paso . already liked alan but this collection of songs shows he is blessed with talent . have bought <NUM> of these to share with family members . my aunt who just turned <NUM> , thought it was great .
well , i completely disagree with the negative review below , and i have a feeling that the gentleman who wrote it , who claims to be a mediocre picker of several instruments , will remain mediocre for his entire life . fiddle and violin are not the same thing . as the old joke goes , the difference between the two is that you should n't spill beer on a violin . to expect rural and traditional black fiddlers from the depression to play fiddle like classically trained modern fiddlers like mark o'connor or allison krauss is like expecting your country grandma to make hazelnut-crusted filet of chilean seabass with a pomegranate and wasabi reduction for sunday dinner , instead of pot roast and mashed potatoes . it 's an absurd expectation . this is the music of real people . many of these musicians undoubtedly farmed or did other backbreaking labor all week , taking their only joy from the music they 'd play on the weekend . their faithful listeners were in the same boat . remember that for many of these recordings , the concept of `` jazz '' had n't been invented yet . bluegrass , for that matter , would n't be invented for a couple more decades . anyone with a genuine appreciation for american traditional and folk music will love this album . yes , some of the recording quality is a little bit rough ( many of the songs sound like they 're playing on an old turntable instead of on a cd ) , but it 's completely listenable , not nearly as difficult to listen to as many other re-released gems from this era . listen to it with an open mind , and after you 've heard the first few tunes , your brain will automatically tune out the static ( which is minimal to begin with ) . this album is one of the more brilliant re-releases and collections from this era . get an idea of what real people were listening to and playing in this time period . you 'll thank yourself for giving it a try
i ecpecialy like the song dirty boots and kool thing but the rest of the album is great too
this dvd would benafit anyone wanting to learn more about chakras- from beginner to very experienced . the graphics were wonderful . i would recommend this to all my chakra students
a dream is what your heart makes . and for years we 've been dreaming and wishing that cinderella would make a comeback . and thanks to the magic of disney , our wish has been granted . ( please do not mix up this cinderella with the punk-rock band of the same name . this is music ; that is a mess . ) we are happy to see ( and hear ) that extra tracks , including two demo recordings . and though we understand disney 's marketing techniques , we do wish that the added performances by jim brickman and kimberely locke would go away . maybe if we close our eyes real tight and chant those three magic words . all together now : bibbidi-bobbidi-boo ..
the senator and the socialite : ... is the story of reconstruction senator from mississippi blanche bruce . although an excellect book about reconstruction and how an ambitious former slave could posper and become a plantation owner himself and game the corrupt political system to become a u.s . senator , the real story here is about black society , skin color and how one family managed to thrive in it . at least for a couple of generations . this book is an excellent read along with `` redemption '' by nicholas leman
that these songs are not already all over radio proves that radio is bad for music . good lyrics , great musicians , sincere , complex rock and roll that rarely sounds overdone . buy air stereo , then buy bastards of the beat , then call your local radio station and get this music out there . i 'm thinking wild stallions kind of world changing power here !
the music is a bit more polished but the lyrics are just as insightful and intelligent as their previous work . when i stumbled across bite to break skin on a warped tour cd i fell in love and let it enfold you has never escaped my cd changer in my car after 3+ years . this disc is a bit slower than liey , not a knock on them by any stretch , just an observation . gone are subtle references to greek tragedies , replaced by lifes modern trials and tribulations , still as potent as ever . if you do n't know senses fail and are looking for something new to experience , i feel they are a mix of old ataris ( think giving up on love , make it last ) , rufio ( think road to recovery ) , and alkaline trio ( think mr. chainsaw ) . along with those three bands , my musical faves also include bad religion , rise against , tsunami bomb , unwritten law and river fenix ( aka fenixtx ) . as far as i 'm concerned , you ca n't go wrong buying anything from senses fail , they are phenomenally talented . if you get the chance , see them live at a small venue , they never disappoint
i bought and devoured will write for food and completely loved it . it 's readable , entertaining , informative , and most of all , inspiring . as a food writer for nine years who is continually struggling to build up my career , i found the book to be full of practical , useful ideas and possibilities for exciting new directions for my work . i ca n't wait to see more from this author .
i was very surprised by some of comments by those who gave negative reviews . this is a comedy and it was meant to be over the top . i thoroughly enjoyed it . unfortunately , many of us have met folks who approach both ends of the spectrum presented by the two main characters . this fact and similar stereotypes are what make these two caricatures so funny . my wife and i were rolling during several of the scenes . better than some lds movies ( rm , it 's latter-day night ) , nearly as good as others ( god 's army , singles ward , saints and soldiers ) , it 's worth a view if you want to have a good laugh
blind lemon jefferson was the greatest of the country bluesmen . ( for a measure of my enthusiasm , see my review of the yazoo set . ) if you dig him enough , or are curious enough , to want his entire output in one place for a budget price , then by all means this is the package to buy . but completeness and price are the top virtues of this set . if you want to hear these records at their best , with careful attention to making them sound clear and present , the yazoo one-disc compilation still leads the pack , far and away . except for a slightly better mastering job , these four discs mirror the four separate blj volumes on document . in fact , i would not be surprised to learn that these _are_ the old document masters , run through a noise reduction system . the sound quality is quite uneven : the better-sounding takes sound pretty good , but some of the others are awful . the version of `` 'lectric chair blues , '' one of lemon 's finest records , as heard here is terribly worn and noisy , to the point of being unintelligible . also true of the same track on the document . on yazoo , it 's a wonderful listen and you can hear and understand all of the words . `` long lonesome blues , '' take <NUM> , is also nearly inaudible . on the yazoo , it sounds as if they may have been working with the same <NUM> disc , but the results are much improved . jsp records gained a stellar reputation because its earliest roots-and-jazz compilations were mastered by the late john r. t. davies , who was a genius at resurrecting old recordings and making them sound real . but this is not one of those sets . so : with lemon jefferson , you always get quality music , and with this jsp collection you get nearly all of it . ( several alternate takes are not here . ) but if sound quality is an issue , i have to recommend yazoo 's `` best of .
this is a fun little book chock full of wise sayings gleaned from episodes of the original star trek . the original was not a space opera , it was a futurized series of life 's lessons , very carefully crafted . each episode had a heavy-duty message embedded within -- and not very hard to spot either . this book does not necessarily include these thematic messages , but it does excerpt a number of pithy , humorous quotes from the characters . it is highly reminiscent of a poster my dentist has in his office of everything i need to know i learned in kindergarten . i expect there is also a book with that name , but i have n't read it . these words of wisdom also remind me of dr. akin 's famous `` laws of spacecraft design '' which you can access on the internet . with his permission , i used several in my book `` the knowledge management and information technology encyclopedia '' ( published by the government and not for sale ) . my favorite submits from marinaccio 's delightful book are : gossip is often confused with conversation . in fact it often takes the place of conversation . take gossip away from some folks and they would turn into mimes . p.61 when everyone is responsible , ultimately no one is responsible . p.52 idiot-proofing is also genius-proofing . p.94 great people talk about ideas . average people talk about things . small people talk about people . p.61 attitude is the top priority ; after attitude , talent or gifts are important . p.64 as yogi berra , the great yankees catcher , once said , `` you can observe a lot , just by watching . '' p.23 a person who understands a rule knows when to break it . p.50 competent people know which rules to follow and which to ignore ... when people of good judgement are allowed to exercise their insights , good results usually follow . when people=s hands are tied , they are ineffective . p.94 the more complex the mind , the greater the need for the simplicity of play . pp . <NUM> , <NUM> , & <NUM> difficult choices expose how we truly feel . what we believe deep inside . p.39 the most important time to help someone is when they need it . p.8 for man , utopia is endless challenge . p.1
sunspots is the type of song that makes you dance with the risk of imminent injury . <NUM> min in any dance major can feel trent in control as you spiral out ...
really the thing that gets me is not dolphy 's playing at all . it 's bobby hutcherson 's . he is a master on this album , proving solo after solo that his taste is something to be reckoned with . if you are a fan of the vibraphones , and want to hear them used the exact opposite of the way that the modern jazz quartet used them , grab your keys , walk out of your door , lock your door , walk down the path in front of your house , out of your front yard , shutting the small latch on your gate , get in your car and go to a music store . once there , head to the jazz section and get this album . or , you know , click buy . either way . it 'll work
this is the happiest , most upbeat christmas music i 've ever heard . it 'll bring a smile to your face instantly
ivan lansberg 's new book is an excellent resource for anyone living through , or helping to manage , the succession process in a family business ! the book is thoroughly scholarly yet practical ... it is & quot ; a must read , & quot ; for anyone interested in the subject . it is the best book on the subject i have read
stunningly beautiful . coltrane plays his heart out , as does mccoy tyner . bonus tracks are fantastic
james mellow performs an excellent work exploring the life of evans . the photographic documents are great . the book covers all he work of evans , including his travels on mexico , cuba and the work for the farm security administration . this biography explores his primary influences in paris and all that creates a master af the photography of the century
i managed to miss this : one of those generational impact movies , and never caught up to it until now . it is difficult to remember that all the cliches were not cliches when this movie was released , but i was able to watch it and just enjoy the crisp acting by all <NUM> stars . and of course there is that soundtrack . still , the movie ripped off `` the return of the secaucus <NUM> '' , and tho i havent seen that in a long time , my guess is id prefer it on a more core level
the product was exaclty what i asked for . chock full of queen hits that should satisfy any queen fan
the albulm is a bomb . it 's a must have in the library
the `` reporter 's notebook '' is a great tool to provide to students planning on writing and publishing a newspaper . the notebook provides several tips and ideas for young writers in a well organized format . there are also several pages for students to use for note taking .
the death of the new economy has been greatly exaggerated . that 's the message at the heart of sandra vandermerwe 's new book . while the heady valuations of the late ` 90s are history , the fundamental changes that technology inspired during that time are here to stay . with that in mind , vandermerwe presents analyses of tools that business leaders need to survive into the 21st century . the most insightful of these is a breakdown of customer feedback loops and how they can be harnessed to lock in business . the book ca n't avoid many of the shortcomings that pervade most new economy literature , like the tendency to advise readers to remake their businesses in anticipation of future customer needs - without commenting on how exactly that can be achieved . nevertheless , if you 're a manager who suspects that the innovations of the last decade might still play a key role in the growth of business , we [ ... ] recommend this book to you
i 've read this book several times , and i would place it second only to jehovah unmasked in its impact on the watchtower sect . i am a former jehovah 's witness who attended the international convention of jehovah 's witnesses in chicago in <NUM> . i was there when then-president of the watchtower society , nathan homer knorr , announced to the audience that `` <NUM> marks the end of six thousand years of man 's existence , and begins the seventh millennium since adam 's creation . this seventh millennium will run concurrently with the one thousand year earthly reign of jesus christ . therefore the great tribulation and the battle of armageddon must occur sometime before <NUM> ! '' this prediction can also be found in old watchtower books no longer published by the society , such as the `` freedom of the sons of god '' book . the jehovah 's witnesses of today are either unaware of this <NUM> prediction , or they swallow the watchtower lies about it . when i was a witness i was taught to `` lie for the truth . '' this practice was called theocratic warfare . the idea is that it 's commendable to lie in the furtherance of `` the truth . '' this oxymoronic hypocrisy goes right over the heads of jehovah 's witnesses . anyway , that 's why jw reviewers of this book lie and say the watchtower high command never made a prediction about <NUM> . the watchtower society has even managed to get some of the witnesses to believe that it was the lowly witnesses themselves , the rank and file , that made this false prophecy , not the brooklyn oracles ( watchtower high command ) . talk about mind control ! so , crisis of conscience is a marvelous nail in the coffin of the watchtower cult and it 's mounting pile of dead children whose parents denied them life-saving blood transfusions . as well as the growing scandal of pedophilia as more and more watchtower `` elders '' are exposed as pedophiles . the watchtower high command shields these sexual predators from prosecution , and instead disfellowships the victims of watchtower sexual abuse ! jehovah 's witnesses promote ignorance , superstition , medical quackery , and encourage pedophilia by covering it up and punishing the victims ! the watchtower high command controls every aspect of a witnesses thinking , telling them they can not vote , can not join a political party , can not join a union , can not join a lodge , can not serve in public office , can not serve on a jury , can not join the armed forces , can not salute the flag , can not celebrate holidays , can not celebrate birthdays , can not step inside a church even to attend a wedding or funeral of a non-witness loved one . they forbid jw 's from reading any religious material other than their own , and even forbid married couples from engaging in oral or anal copulation . they work hard to keep women `` in their place '' and even strongly admonish their youth against going to college , preferring to keep jw 's ignorant , credulous , and malleable to their will . all of these prohibitions ( and hundreds more ) carry the punishment of shunning , complete ostracism , from the group . this winds up destroying the lives of witnesses , and tears whole families apart , when they can no longer speak to their loved ones , nor their loved ones speak to them . the watchtower high command ( the 'governing body of jehovah 's witnesses ' ) knows nothing of the grace and love and mercy of god , but are the most harsh , merciless , pharisaic , legalistic , mean-spirited , judgemental group of bitter old men with delusions of grandeur ever to walk the earth ! i was trapped in the watchtower religion for four long years . i know whereof i speak . it is an un-american religion that exercises far greater mind-control and life-control over its members than even the pope does over roman catholics . yet the witnesses condemn the pope for dictating dogma to his people . the witnesses are unable to see this double-standard , the hypocrisy . they 're blind , as all religious zealots ultimately are . so , by all means purchase crisis of conscience as well as jehovah unmasked ! for a one-two combination to the face and head of the watchtower high command . you should `` pity the fool '' who becomes ensnared in the watchtower cult or has been raised in it , for they are a slave to the watchtower and exist to do its bidding . thankfully , the jw growth rate has slowed to a crawl and young people raised as jw 's are abandoning ship in record numbers ! : ) would you like me to go into more detail as to why crisis of conscience was penned ? i will assume the answer is `` yes '' and will extrapolate . `` demons '' inhabit the literature of non-jw christians according to the watchtower high command , so witnesses must be careful not to touch it and never read it . `` you never know when a demon might be lurking inside a gospel tract , just waiting to invade your body and mind ! '' so witnesses are told never to read or even touch any books or literature from other religions . in reality , this is a transparent ploy to make sure the witnesses are ever exposed to what non-witnesses have to say about the failed prophecies , doctrinal flip-flops , and theological somersaults regularly engaged in by the governing body of jehovah 's witnesses . the watchtower society holds it 's slaves in the steely grip of the primitive fear of demons . the watchtower society strongly discourages it 's slaves from owning a personal computer or surfing the internet . their ostensible explanation is again `` demons . '' the demons will infect your sin-infested mind if you dare to read anything on the net that displays the failed prophecies , doctrinal gyrations and theological flip-flops of the governing body . this is also why jehovah 's witnesses are strongly discouraged from reading old books the governing body no longer publish . they do n't wish their slaves to know how much their doctrines keeping mutating and evolving into one monster after another . the watchtower society claims it speaks for almighty god himself , and you 'd better believe what they say unquestioningly , and obey them explicitly , or you are doomed to be destroyed in the battle of armageddon . therefore , jesus christ is n't the savior of the rank-and-file jehovah 's witnesses , the governing body is ! the governing body officially and openly teach the `` earthly class '' ( the rank-and-file jehovah 's witnesses ) that jesus christ did not die for them , but only for the anointed class of 144,000 who will go to heaven . also , even though the watchtower high command claims to speak for god , and insist that rejecting their words will insure your doom at god 's hands , they claim they are n't divinely inspired ! the watchtower high command tells jehovah 's witnesses , in the pages of the watchtower magazine , that they speak for god almighty himself . then on the next page they declare the exact opposite , and claim they are just poor imperfect folks stumbling along just like the rank and file witnesses , and are not inspired . right after claiming to be god 's earthly representatives , speaking for god almighty ! ! so , the brooklyn oracles have it both ways . they demand unquestioning and total obedience as god 's earthly representatives , but plead `` imperfection '' and say `` but we never said we 're divinely inspired '' when caught in a failed prophecy or doctrinal flip-flop . which happens a lot throughout their history . old discarded doctrines and failed prophecies are called ` old light ' and today 's doctrines and prophetic speculations are called `` new light . '' the problem is that `` new light ' quickly becomes `` old light '' and often even `` old light '' becomes `` new light '' again ! people who have been shunned ( and therefore become as one dead to their families and friends ) because they did n't submit to some ever-changing watchtower flapdoodle , are never apologized to or allowed back into the group when the doctrine is rejected for something new . the watchtower high command are callous old fools with delusions of grandeur , squirted full to bursting with hubris . going door-to-door and obeying every whim of the watchtower society is how the earthly class of jehovah 's witnesses prove their faithfulness to jehovah and thereby earn salvation . they are taught they are not saved by jesus christ . they are taught that if they have any chance at all at salvation , it will come by belonging to the watchtower society and believing it unquestioningly and obeying it explicitly . so , do n't admire witnesses for their zeal . they 're just trying to earn brownie points with god by fearing and obeying what they mistakenly believe to be god 's mouthpiece . in reality they do n't really care about you . they only care about saving their own hides . the governing body of jehovah 's witnesses have passed thousands of `` theocratic laws '' about everything one could imagine . from banning blood transfusions , oral and anal sex even between married heterosexuals , to prohibiting such things as celebrating holidays or birthdays , voting , holding public office , serving on a jury , saluting the flag , or going to college ! to list the thousands of laws they have enacted against their slaves would take hundreds of pages . if you think the orthodox and chassidic jews have a lot of religious laws , you 'll change your mind if you study watchtower literature . even when i was a witness , i knew that some of the watchtower pronouncements were quackery both medically and theologically . such as the blood transfusion ban . i 'd never been able to take seriously their belief that `` the soul is in the blood '' but went along with it rather than be ostracized . to jehovah 's witnesses it is literally a matter of life and death . a lot of witnesses ( including children ) die because they refuse blood transfusions . in the past , the watchtower high command has enforced other types of medical quackery upon the poor victimized jehovah 's witnesses , including ridiculous `` cures '' for cancer that resulted in the deaths of many witnesses . do n't just take my word for all this , buy and read crisis of conscience and jehovah unmasked ! both are fascinating reads .
this disc is blazing but not quite as deep as romantic warrior.but still chick , al , stanley & amp ; lenny give up the rock , jazz & amp ; funk and fuse a strong brew here.celebration suite part <NUM> & amp ; <NUM> take this disc to another level.the playing is very intense & amp ; tight.when folks say so & amp ; so is one of the greatest guitarist of all-time they have to include al dimeola . his solos ai n't no joke.lenny solos and they are banging.stanley is incredible as usual & amp ; chick corea has no-limits
keith sweat made this lesser-known , underrated album with some of r & amp ; bs most beautiful songs like & quot ; why me , baby ? & quot ; , & quot ; i wan na love you down & quot ; , & quot ; there you go & quot ; , & quot ; give me what i want & quot ; , & quot ; the <NUM> commandments of love & quot ; & amp ; even the & quot ; keep it comin & quot ; remix . the first side of this tape is filled with fast songs & amp ; one love song . the fast songs are terrible . at the same time , this album is better than & quot ; i 'll give all my love to you & quot ; . keith did n't get as good as his first album until his fifth album
when i heard that incubus was going to put out a live dvd from their <NUM> summer tour i was estatic . this is one of the few music dvds that captures the entire concert to a tee . how do i know ? i saw incubus at the lawlor event center in reno on this tour . it was amazing , and so is the dvd . buy it
true , this is n't a series for parents looking for advice ( as one of the previous reviewers critiqued ) , but this is my favorite baby show and i am very glad that i can ditch my tapes now that it is out on dvd . there are a great many more episodes than those listed on this single dvd -- let 's hope that this disk is profitable enough so that they decide to sell them all ! the episodes present classic psyc . experiments of developmental perception that are simply facinating . if you are taking an intro . to psycology course and all the dry textbook descriptions are putting you to sleep , get this dvd ! actually looking at the sweet little guys go through the set-ups will help you remember the different cognitive stages . they are just too cute ! and it is neat to see what `` tricks '' you can play on your own little fellow
the great kapok tree is about saving the rain forest . first a man starts to cut down a tree in the rain forest with an ax . whack , whack , whack ! the sounds of the ax hitting the tree scared the animals . one by one they came down to where the man was , but the man fell asleep . a boa constrictor came down from the canopy of the tree and hissed in the man 's ear , `` senhor , this tree is a tree of miracles . it is my home , where generations of my ancestors have lived . do not chop it down . '' i liked this story because it is about the rain forest . the pictures were good , too .
this is an incredible documentary . a must for anyone interested in photojournalism as well as all those truly interested in world peace . a calm , thoughtful photographer continually stepping into dangerous and tragic circumstances and capturing for us and humanity glimpses of the horrific reality of war that are so often and increasingly ignored by the mainstream press in favor of superficial entertainment .
i remember the first time i saw this movie . my mom took me to see it at our local theatre and it was <NUM> . they even had an intermission so you could get more popcorn ! ! i just loved the movie and when i was older ( was only <NUM> when i saw movie ) read the book as well . so of course when we saw this beautiful edition on sale at our local electronics store i had to have it ! ! it is just amazing what they can do now to `` clean up '' the sound so the scratches and static on older vhs/dvd formats are gone and it sounds just like it did in the theatre . i was also extremely impressed with the re-colorization they did to bring back the green in viven leigh 's eyes -- she really did have the scarlett o'hara eyes -- that was lost in the older versions . the story is uplifting and sad at the same time . it was a time in the south that is often forgotten . it is also a story that you ca n't place in the context of today 's world or it would seem silly or racist or violent . however , margaret mitchell , the author of the book it is based on , did romanticize the south a lot so you do have to take the storyline and so forth with a least a pound of salt ! ! for me the most unforgettable performances are of butterfly mcqueen and clark gable . if you 've never seen this movie , it is well worth watching just for the visuals and those two performances . wonderfully restored
bone 's first official release ( not counting the rare and hard to find `` b.o.n.e . enterprise '' album from <NUM> or <NUM> ) . classic , not much more to say , even though it 's only <NUM> songs , they 're all classics or damn good songs . with all <NUM> members on here , flesh was still around , you get the beginning to one of the best groups ever in rap , and in their prime , as what they did was something new and orioginal and everone loved it . production is insane , like on e.1999 , and mostly handled by the great dj uneek , who 's beats fit them so well , and some help from yella . a must have album # <NUM> - <NUM> ( classic their first big song -- great beat ) # <NUM> - <NUM> ( tight beat ) # <NUM> - 9.5 ( tight beat ) # <NUM> - 8.5 # <NUM> - <NUM> ( classic -- f/ eazy e ) krayzie -- anthony henderson -- b . 6/3/74 -- cleveland , oh bizzy -- bryon anthony mccane -- b . 9/12/76 -- b. columbus , oh ; cleveland , oh layzie -- steven howse -- b . 9/23/75 -- cleveland , oh wish -- charles scruggs -- b . 2/17/75 -- cleveland , oh flesh -- stanley vernell howse -- b . 6/10/73 -- cleveland , oh bone thugs ! ! ! ! ! check all my review
i think i can speak for all sox fans ( and indeed all baseball fans ) in saying how much i thoroughly enjoy seeing postings like the one below from `` moochie '' -- it just shows how fresh the pain still is , even a year after the fact ! !
this is simply the best dark comedy out there . the slow dissolve of the rose 's marriage into all out nuclear war is both hilarious and sad to watch . devito is brilliant as the narrator and in a secondary part in this movie . there is a continuity error in the movie at the end . when gavin arrives at the rose residence it is clearly night , when he comes back with the ladder it is obviously morning
this cd is wondeful . some of his best work . if you are a fan , this is a must buy
i bought this book in <NUM> and lent it to my sister-in-law who promptly lost it . when my daughter asked me for help to organize her housekeeping , i looked for this book . i like this book because it is an easy organized system that kept me on track with daily , weekly , monthly , and yearly tasks
i still have the tape of this album . the record was released in <NUM> , ngdb 's twentieth anniversary , and it includes a lot of their best songs , including three of my favorites , & quot ; mr. bojangles & quot ; , & quot ; ripplin ' waters & quot ; , and & quot ; partners , brothers and friends & quot ; . the one song on this album that had n't been previously released , & quot ; stand a little rain & quot ; , is also excellent . bob carpenter hardly ever sings lead on an ngdb song , but on & quot ; stand a little rain & quot ; , he does a fine job of singing . the reason i did n't give this record a higher rating is because one song on the album , & quot ; fire in the sky & quot ; , does n't sound country enough , in my opinion . true , the dirt band had a lot of pop , as well as country and folk , influences . however , i think & quot ; fire in the sky & quot ; , on which jeff hanna shares the lead vocals with kenny loggins , veers a little too far in the pop direction with its saxophone , although the arrangement is excellent . nevertheless , that 's a small shortcoming here . overall , twenty years of dirt is a great collection . ngdb fans should have this one
a true masterpiece of cinema . this film not only showcases some of the best sound work done ever in film history , but showcases a true character perspective masterpiece . the way it is shot and the way it is stylized goes incredibly well with the plot and storyline and everything meshes incredibly well to the point where you become completely immersed with it and forget your watching a movie
what i find so amusing from some of the one star reviews is the assertion that mr. moore used creative editing of this movie to somehow distort the facts , and therefore the entire premise and basis of this documentary is null and void . the man is not only making a video to entertain you ( and this is wildly entertaining , in a factual and hilarious way ) but it also rests in an unarguable fact , the closure of the gm plants in flint michigan and the devastating impact it brought with it . whether or not you like they style of moore 's presentation , it is witty , backed by appropriately titled music and shows the almost incomprehensible response on the part of the city of flint at this loss of future revenue ( or , more bluntly , its threatened economic survival ) and in the joining the impact that corporate america can have on the lives of its citizens and the coldly calculated , dollars and cents approach to the bottom line , moore succeeds in showing the viewer how both work with each other , as you often can not have one without having both .
my son loves this ! we are accumulating the dora dvds one at a time because i get tired of hearing the same ones over and over ... but i must say that dora is just about the only one that does n't get on my nerves . i even catch myself watching her from time to time . this has some movement for the kids to participate in , some learning , and fun songs . an all around great dvd for the little ones .
this album stands as stong as it ever did the original joe jackson band was far more tallented than they ever got credit for.but here it is one more time , is she really going out with him and the great sunday papers .yes they maybe a little dated but these were great times.you can hear it in the music
don barrett has proven again why he is the choice for la radio people .... a must read whether you are in the loop or for all you ever wanted to know and thought you did , but there 's never a dull moment . what a tribute to all la radio people
it 's a great family show . its heartwarming and funny . watch it from the begining , it will bring you laughs and tears . its all together great
the labyrinth is a delightful movie of fantasy and fun for all ages to enjoy . this has always been one of my favorite films , and going back to it as an adult only makes me enjoy and appreciate it all the more . jennifer connelly gives a superb performance as sarah , the main character , whose baby brother is taken by the goblin king ( david bowie in one of his best characters - who ironically gives an often sensitive and human performance while being fanciful and fantastic at the same time ; he wrote and performed all the music , which is also some of his best work ) . sarah must leave her world of make-believe and enter the very real and deceptive labyrinth to save her brother in time before he 's turned into a goblin . along the way , we encounter a large cast of jim henson 's puppet-creatures , some of which become sarah 's friends and helpers in her journey . the puppets are so believable that you soon forget that they are not real people . the movie is filled with magic , both on and off screen . the film is supplemented on this dvd with a `` making-of '' documentary - an original feature , narrated largely by jim henson himself - made during the actual production of the film ( released in <NUM> ) . such a documentary makes one appreciate even more what goes into a movie like this and how complex the creatures are - what goes into their creation , how they operate , and how they interact with the sets and other characters ( especially in this case with the live actors ) . it 's a lot of fun to see this `` inside '' look , and more than anything gives a real sense of who jim henson was and how much this all really meant to him . my favorite quote from jim henson in this documentary was when he said ( about his inspiration and motivation when he makes a movie ) , `` when i go see a film , when i leave the theater ... i like to be happier than i was when when i went in , i like to leave with an up feeling , and i like a picture to have a sense of substance , to be about life and the things that matter to me , '' - a wonderful sentiment to remember in this day and age . lighthearted , fun , fantastical , funny , beautiful , exciting , and more `` real '' than many of today 's `` realities '' - extremely enjoyable and uplifting . as an added bonus , monty python member terry jones wrote the script ( and is interviewed in the documentary ) . cheryl mcfadden ( star trek : tng 's beverly crusher ) also did all the choreography in the film ( for both humans and puppets ) . : -
i love this movie , it is a must see for anyone who is in the military or is a military family member . it is emotionally charged with issues every military family deals with when the soldier returns from war . keep a box of tissues handy , i cry everytime i watch it . eventhough it takes place post wwii , the feelings remain the same for every generation .
in <NUM> , the kelly/chambers/cobb rhythm section packed up and left , leaving miles davis without a band . despite being at an age when most musicians would rather sit on their laurels and play on some giants of jazz tour , he decided to assemble a new working band . this cd shows that assembly in progress . the three ballads were recorded in la with george coleman ( tenor sax ) , victor feldman ( piano ) , ron carter ( bass ) , and frank butler ( drums ) . & quot ; basin street blues & quot ; is very different from louis armstrong 's version -- davis 's trumpet playing is much sadder , merging abstraction and the blues . but the real treasures in the set are the three tunes recorded one month later with carter , coleman , and two younger musicians : pianist herbie hancock and drumming prodigy tony williams . williams , only <NUM> years old here , generates an incredible level of excitement on & quot ; joshua & quot ; and the title track . these may be the most exciting up-tempo tracks davis had recorded since & quot ; two bass hit & quot ; and & quot ; straight , no chaser & quot ; . the quintet with coleman , hancock , carter and williams would soon evolve into one of the trumpeter 's greatest groups , and this is where they got started
i had heard of unearth before as one of the best hardcore/metal bands around . when i had the opprotunity to borrow their album stings of conscience from a good friend , i immediately took the initiative . i had been hearing this album while in my homies ' ride , and i was hooked after the second song ( one step away ) when i heard that insane guitar . then the crazy drums , and the screaming , and everything else it was pure mayhem . this has to be my new favorite band . i ca n't wait to see them live . this is the best free cd i had ever recieved . i recommend that you go out and buy this album to support this great band . i plan to buy more albums from them too . \\m/
written for business executives , this book will help you understand the dynamics between corporate identity and value creation in business . lawrence d. ackerman believes that the true strength of an organization is reflected in its identity , and its ability to use its identity to drive the creation of products and services that provide value to customers . ackerman posits that there should be a cycle between the identity of the company and the profit it generates . the wealth produced by the identity of the organization should feed back into the identity that creates it . the author has outlined a set of guidelines to identify value for the organization . ackerman calls them the laws of identity . for example : <NUM> . the law of being : `` any organization composed of one or more human beings is alive in its own right , exhibiting distinct physical , mental and emotional capacities that derive from , but do not transcend , the individuals who make up that organization . '' <NUM> . the law of individuality : `` an organization 's human capacities invariably fuse into a discernible identity that makes that organization unique . '' <NUM> . the law of constancy : `` identity is fixed , transcending time and place , while its manifestations are constantly changing . ''
they 're sort of a throwback : speed metal combined with elements of <NUM> 's metal , and combine to make a killer sound . i saw these guys live , they 're even better in person than on the album . they have a very tight , defined sound that chugs along until you head moves in unison , they have a lot of variety in their riffs ( although it 's still essentially speed metal , so they do n't go too crazy with variety ) with head pounding vocals . when you play this , turn up the volume , you wo n't be sorry . my best attempt at a comparison would be this : combine metallica 's `` ride the lightning '' with sabbath 's `` master of reality '' and throw in a little zeppelin , and that 's about what you 'll get with the sword . a great up and coming metal band . i ca n't stop playing this album .
this ca n't really belong to tos , as it 's not actually that closely related to the original series . following spock as he tries to reconcile his human and vulcan sides as he is posted for the first time to the enterprise , the book also introduces us to a young scotty in an entertaining side story . we also meet captain pike ( who might as well be kirk from the way he behaves ) , and the previous doctor , engineer and first officer . the plot goes that an ancient ( and missing ) vulcan gem , the largest in existence , has been found on a primitive planet which the enterprise happens to be visiting . after retrieving it , however , mysterious murders start to happen on the enterprise , while pike , on the planet 's surface , becomes embroiled in a missing person hunt for two young lovers who could have been kidnapped by mutants . and then love blossoms between spock and another vulcan on the ship ... the ending rounds everything off nicely . this book is n't really anything special , but it 's quite entertaining for a trek book
excellent story and they followed most of it fairly accurately . good job with the repercussions of david 's adultery and how it affected his entire household for a long time thereafter . the dynamics of the sons were well-done with only minor omissions in the plot here and there but not enough to damage the story badly ... except in the case of goliath . with all the information about the account you 'd think they could get one detail right but i 'm not sure any aspect of it was accurate . first of all , they show goliath no larger than anyone else . also , there is no real context of a war and battle here ... goliath is just ambushing saul 's soldier 's a couple at a time . there is no forty days of taunts , david is already here , and saul is about to bravely charge off to face goliath ( never showing the least fear of goliath ) when david says to let him . he does n't even try on saul 's armor ( though saul mentions it while ridiculing david about the impossibility of david fighting ) . the only other major issue i recall was the presence of some excessive spirituality . for example , when saul is overcome by the spirit he never prophecies , he just dances rather provocatively ( a similar presentation when david dances but it is at least slightly more accurate in david 's case ) . i 'm not counting the witch of endor scene in that , since it is supposed to be spiritualistic- as per general suppositions , her spiritualistic nature is extremely freaky and witch-like with her screaming and chanting and so forth [ but try to remember all witchcraft is not so blatant ] ) . remember these are wars and adultery , etc . and they are true to the biblical account in that sense so they are not meant for family viewing
this is a great book , i found it full of excellent ideas on how to judge the appropriate pot and hand odds . would have gotten a five star but is somewhat complex ar times
i , like many others , have been waiting for this album for quite some time . right from the first track , i was hooked . `` all my days '' is a haunting , melodic , heartbreaking opening to a fantastic album . `` breathe '' has a subdued yet powerful message . `` home '' is just plain fun . `` song for you '' is sweet , somber , and hopeful . however , i must say that the four songs version of `` orange sky '' is what i consider to be the greatest song ever written . however , the time without consequence version is devastatingly bad ( when held up to the light of the original ) . the new version is too fast , has an inexplicably irritating percussion , and just does n't dig into the soul the way the four songs version does . i will always be baffled by this remake . it is truly awful . its only saving grace is that the original is still available . but that is by no means any reason to avoid this cd . in fact , those who do not know the original `` orange sky '' may fall in love with this one . but it is my duty to warn those looking for an `` orange sky '' that matches the original that you will be severely disappointed . outside of this single-song complaint , this cd has vaulted to one of the best i own
if you 're thinking of buying this collection , chances are that you 're most interested in f.w . murnau 's <NUM> silent masterpiece sunrise . ( for whatever reasons fox may have , this is currently the only official way to get hold of the sunrise dvd . ) my review is mainly aimed at those folks , so i 'll try to answer the question : is it worth buying the other three to get sunrise ? short answer : definitely ! fox 's dvd transfer of sunrise , which is an upgrade from an earlier laserdisc release , is superb . no kidding , it 's actually comparable to the best current transfers of silent films , like kino 's metropolis , wb 's chaplins , and criterion 's passion of joan of arc . considering that any of those titles would cost you about what you 'll pay for this whole collection , you 've got to figure that you 're getting a pretty good deal . long answer : i actually believe that two of the other three films here are masterpieces in their own right . how green was my valley , which has unjustly been labelled as the film that `` stole '' best picture from citizen kane , ranks among john ford 's best efforts ; it 's a genuinely beautiful , though an admittedly sentimental , film . and it 's one of those movies that received a solid restoration a few years ago -- back when amc actually showed good movies and took a hand in these sorts of projects . all about eve , of course , needs no introduction . i find it a tad too long , but i agree that it has one of the best scripts ever written and some fantastic performances . it has finally received a full restoration from fox -- all the speckles are gone ( though some of the image 's sharpness has gone , too ) . gentleman 's agreement , on the other hand , is one of those movies that 's easier to admire for its aims than for its entertainment value or aesthetics . it has dated badly , and fox 's lack of restoration work is n't likely to get it rediscovered any time soon . so my opinion is that you get three great films ( and one of historical interest ) for a very reasonable price . each title comes with quite a few extras , if that matters to you -- though here again i think sunrise benefits from the most informative and interesting extras , including a semi-reconstruction of one of murnau 's `` lost '' films . highly recommened
a brilliant work , and no this review is n't of much help really , but i 'd like to forward a theory about the guitar solo in the prog rocker roots of coincidence : pm had been listening to tribal tech guitarist scott henderson in the mid <NUM> 's as scott moved away from compositional jazz-fusion toward fearless , bluesy , attitude-driven free-form guitar , decided scott was having way too much fun at it - and with songs like `` canine '' on tt 's face first who could argue ? - thusly deciding to stake his claim on this invigorating new ground . it 's good , interesting , but fleeting and disjointed , and scott does it better . still , what pmg here , on imaginary day as elsewhere , are able to render as musical generalists , by selecting from the full pallette of sonic colors and using each to maximum effect , ah ! this , the artistic specialists and the attitude-driven often by contrast find elusive
this was truly a great piece of work and should be viewed by all . it was a very sad day when the election was stolen from mr. gore , but this movie gave me a new realization . that being in office would have held this man back . his talent and passion truly shine through here and are very contagious . this is not a movie that leaves you feeling hopeless and wondering what you can do . mr. gore lists plenty of things we as individuals can start to do to make changes . he gives a website climatecrisis.net for more ideas and info . if you think this might be too boring for your taste , give it a chance and watch it if only to see the giant jellyfish . thank you mr. gore and all of the people who helped you make this happen
this movie is freakin ' weird ! thankfully , i like weird . for the uninitiated , this is a musical about a man-eating plant ( voiced by levi stubbs of the four tops ) . it must be seen to be believed . our hero , seymour , discovers a never-before-seen plant , naming it audrey ii ( after his coworker and love interest , audrey ) . turns out , the plant eats humans , as he learns when it drinks his blood . at first , seymour befriends the plant , who helps him get around audrey 's boy friend , a sadistic dentist ( the song about him and pseudo-s & m scene that result are freakin ' hilarious ! ) eventually , things get out of hand - the plant 's uniqueness earns seymour much fame , even though nobody is aware of the plant 's dangers . when the plant eats seymour 's boss , things get out-of-hand , and the final battle between the two is hilarious also - levi stubbs offers his amazing pipes , declaring `` i 'm a mean , green mutha from outer space ! '' - one of my favorite movie quotes . this movie is a real side-splitter , and must be seen
when kylie released the single `` spinning around '' ... that 's what it ... kylie was popular again ... the difficult songs were history . it was time for new sex & dance kylie . the single went number <NUM> in uk and it was a real success all over the world . the second single `` on a night like this '' went number <NUM> in uk and also `` kids '' ( a classic song made with robbie williams ) went number <NUM> . the album wen through the roof annd it was kylie 's time for her greatest success ever . even the beginning of her carriere where she sang `` i should be so lucky '' and `` the loco-motion '' ca n't be compared this time . there was released one more single in uk `` please stay '' which also went to top ten . `` your disco needs you '' is so fresh and powerful that it is one my favourites from this album ... the chorus is excellent ... it 's wonderful when kylie uses a choir . `` bittersweet goodbye '' is a peaceful and sad song ... kylie 's voice is very sad . other songs are more like party songs and that 's why this is recommended for everybody who wants to dance ... or likes good music . by the way , what does `` i 'm under the influence of love '' means ? i have an idea for that . stars : spinning around , on a night like this , your disco needs you , please stay , kid
i have never been able to stick with a dvd but this one is great ! kristin is awesome and keeps you focused on the workout . i have n't got bored with this one yet
this girl rocks ! her group is tight . she must be one hell of a live act . but ... where 's the follow-up cd ? everytime i go to a record store ... 'cuse me , music store , i look for new sass jordan - it ai n't there . hope she 's ok ...
everything about this movie is perfect , acting , directing , singing , cinematography . i watch it about every six months . would n't change a thing
if you are looking for a great video that teaches young minds simple messages of god 's love , then look no further ! my <NUM> month old daughter prefers this to baby einstein ! buy it ! it 's guaranteed ! ! !
the <NUM> episodes really showed how broadway evolved and how it became what it is today . it has great footage from all sorts of broadway productions from <NUM> - <NUM> . it empisises the great broadway producers & compsers too . the special features are very nice too . if your a fan of broadway buy the dvd set , the cd set & the book they are all great
omg ! how can i begin to descibe the sexiness of lestat ! ( stewart townsend ) he 's like the hottest 500yr old ever ! you do n't have to love vampires to love this film . lestat ( townsend ) is a rebellious loner type vampire who is fed up with living in the shadows of eternity and wants to live out in the open of the 21st century . so he does what anyone who wants to be heard , known and worshiped would do ... he becomes a rock star . it 's there in his new found fame and fortune that he catches the eye of a young woman named jesse . she becomes facinated with lestat and the dark relm he lives in . then theres the competition , akasha , ( r & b singer aaliyah ) the queen of all who are damned . aaliyah gives a grand performance as this `` take no crap from any human or fanged fiend '' mother of vampires everywhere . this movie is the latest in the vampire chronicles of anne rice . it is not set in the <NUM> 's but it does give tales of the old and the new . it 's a great flick pick for a friday night with any kind of company , the living or the undead .
the book has been very helpful and informative . the recipes are quick and easy and the stories are inspirational ... i 've lost almost thirty pounds by following the regimes explained in this book ..
this is a wonderfully written book . there is a section for every person to find something of interest . there are several new things to learn here . it is written in a very mature fashion and does n't make you feel uncomfortable whatever your reading about
this book is just the thing if you need a little - or a lot - of motivation to jump start your life . i read it during a difficult time two weeks ago and it made a difference - thank you
written by frank miller and hauntingly illustrated by david mazzucchelli , year one was serialized in batman # 404-407 . it tells of the first calendar year in which batman emerged in gotham city , beginning with bruce wayne returning to gotham after studying martial arts abroad . wayne becomes a vigilante , at first without the batman outfit , at first fumbling a bit . the sequence in which he conceives of the outfit takes the old clich from batman history of a bat crashing through the window and transforms it into a moving moment ; year one gives similar treatment to flashbacks showing the murder of wayne 's parents . in a city dominated by gangsters before the ascent of insane costumed criminals , batman encounters catwoman , here depicted as a whore who takes to the street with frustrations about gender , her sadomasochistic elements heightened . james gordon becomes a fully-realized character for the first time , adjusting from his move from chicago to gotham , where the police force is dominated by corruption . he investigates batman , suspects wayne , has an affair , and ultimately has his child kidnapped and rescued by the vigilante he sought to bring down . in a tough city , he goes from crusader against batman to the first stages of his relationship with batman . a masterful work , batman : year one possesses a level of realism greater than perhaps any batman tale and , with a breakneck pace , does the hard work of describing the humble beginnings of batman 's career , performing in the process a remarkable process of infusing bruce wayne , james gordon , and selina kyle with true character , personality , and history . this is the second best batman story ever made , second only ( perhaps ) to the dark knight returns . -- julian darius , sequart.com ( for sophisticated study of comic books and graphic novels
this book is a devastating expose of the treatment of children in nineteenth century england . this book written by charles dickens is probably one of his better known works . it has always been thought that the book is autobiographical , but it tells a really good story too , as all of dickens ' works do . i love dickens novels for the characters and this one does not disappoint . we have david copperfield himself who is the orphaned hero-narrator , and his mother clara copperfield and his cruel step father edward mardstone . we 've also got friends of david 's - clara , daniel , ham and little em'ly peggotty , plus a whole bunch of other wonderful characters . it 's a coming of age novel for a boy of the nineteenth century , and dickens covers all the pain and joy that goes along with growing up poor in england at this time . we see david grow up and get married . we see his pain as he watches his invalid wife sicken and die and his ultimate success as a writer . do n't miss charles dickens ' great works in your reading adventures . i 've read every one
as the concept of the modular structure of the brain emerged , objections to the idea took the form of `` well , if my brain 's made up of computers , somebody in there has to be in charge . it had better be me ! '' this comment , paraphrased from philosopher jerry fodor , typifies what daniel dennett has been contending with for many years . although the `` cartesian theatre '' notion , that the body was one aspect of our being and the mind another - `` dualism '' - has supposedly been supplanted , it has not lost its hold on our view of consciousness . we continue to insist , in some form or other , that `` somebody , and it better be me '' is inside our minds looking out at the world . although we ca n't find that `` self '' in there , we have a hunch it 's there . when dennett wrote `` consciousness explained '' in <NUM> , it seemed the `` homunculus '' representing our `` self '' had been laid to rest . this excellent collection of essays and lectures , is an update on that earlier work . as lectures , they have a conversational tone , yet impart many deep insights . addressing consciousness through four major themes , dennett shows us the project of eradicating `` dualism '' remains incomplete . until that view of `` self '' is discarded , our understanding of consciousness will remain misleading . the first theme he addresses is the `` zombie '' . philosophers have posed the idea that a duplicate person , identical to you in every way but one , is logically possible . the person would act as you act , talk as you do , have the same preferences and distastes . but it would not be conscious . this proposal presumes that something in you could be identified that is lacking in the zombie . for most of us , who still feel our `` self '' remains somehow separate within us , the logic seems reasonable . dennett carefully examines the implications of the proposal , and dismisses it as modernised dualism . if a region of the brain holds the key to `` self '' it remains out of sight and undetectable . perhaps the most challenging segment of the book deals with `` heterophenomonology '' . this tongue-twisting phrase refers to the methods used in cognitive science . because consciousness is `` often celebrated as a mystery beyond science '' dennett challenges researchers to take a step back from commonly accepted techniques . become a `` martian '' cognitive scientist to broaden the scope of the work . one facet of this approach relies on understanding what `` folk psychology '' is , then building from there . we prefer to believe that what we believe is entirely private and unaccessible . heterophenomonolgy , he contends , will expose aspects of our consciousness we view as a `` mystery '' . one of those `` mysteries '' has been wrapped in the idea of `` qualia '' . probably one of the poorest concepts in philosophy , `` qualia '' are things said to possess `` intrinsic qualities '' . when you carefully examine those `` intrinsic '' properties , they begin to fade and vanish . if `` qualia '' is in an object we see , such as colour , how can it change without our noticing ? tests of `` change blindness '' indicate we can miss much concerning `` qualia '' . even the philosophic community , dennett notes , can not agree on a definition of `` qualia '' . yet , like the homunculus in the mind viewing the world , it steadfastly remains in use . the author examines this idea further in relating the story of `` mary '' , the colour-deprived scientist . in `` consciousness explained '' , dennett proposed the multiple drafts model of consciousness and cognition . in this collection , he enhances the original concept . with no centre in the brain , consciousness necessarily must be a distributed process . the progress of imaging and other technologies have expanded our view of the brain 's functions . dennett argues that the brain is `` fame '' not `` television '' . the process is one of competition for dominance , no matter how fleeting . the mind is not a `` top-down '' or `` bottom-up '' process , but a `` sideways '' one . ideas , experiences and other informational bits jostle for `` clout '' . it 's not easy to shed the idea of a special `` self '' in your mind , but all that 's going on in there is still you . as usual , dennett has challenged successfully the `` established '' views of consciousness . clearly , he argues , consciousness is neither an arcane `` mystery '' nor beyond serious and definitive investigation . the mind-set erecting barricades using the bricks of `` qualia '' and the mortar of the `` cartesian theatre '' can , and must be , overcome for serious investigation to proceed . delicacy and care must be employed , but the prize is understanding . [ stephen a. haines - ottawa , canada
this book focuses on most all issues confronting widows . it is a valuable guide and a `` go to '' book for answers on the journey following a husband 's death
rip manpac you must not be a rap fan or a jayz fan talkin bout vol <NUM> was trash and the dynasty was worst u must like them franchise boyz cds or something cause them two albums are two of his best but anyway the dynasty was spose to be a compulation album thats the reason for the guess appereances but its a solid album on bad but underate
john denver at his best . every song from his heart . see john at the piano and a string section backing him up as he sings for you . i am a professional classical musician ; however , this is my 'special ' dvd for calm , peace and beauty . sure miss that voice and smile . this would make a wonderful gift or add to your collection
as a mad fan of woody allen , i have to recognize that his ex gives a show of interpretation in this film . she is simply delightful ! i gave `` only '' four stars because if other films by woody deserve only <NUM> stars , then a give <NUM> for this but <NUM> for my other review `` the front ''
when i was growing up , my mother told me that she had been given this book by a beau , had read it and enjoyed it . this was in the early 1900s ! when i saw it in a used book store about a year ago , i picked it up . i am just now reading it . i was totally surprised to find that it is beautifully written , presents a wonderful picture of a vanished time and people and is funny . i find myself smiling at the phrases that have become cliches - & quot ; when you call me that smile. & quot ; and at the fact that i am getting as much pleasure from reading it as my mother did all those years ago
lord of war ( andrew niccol , <NUM> ) this one flew under the radar , or at least as under the radar as a much-hyped major hollywood production can . upon reflection , that 's not terribly surprising , given how strong a film it is ; good things , it often seems , never flourish in the sandy , sandy soil of hollywood . and niccol ( gattaca ) has created a good thing here . yuri orlov ( nicolas cage ) and his brother vitaly ( jared leto ) are arms dealers operating in the grey areas of the law . or they are until vitaly develops a rather nasty drug habit and goes into rehab , leaving yuri to fly solo -- just as the berlin wall comes down and the arms market takes off . yuri is being dogged by jack valentine ( ethan hawke ) , an fbi agent who 's sure he 's breaking the law . as an action movie , it 's kind of fun , interesting , a bit slow at times but watchable all the same . as a chronicle of the slow descent into corruption of a guy who 's just trying to make his way in the world , it 's incisive , well-done , witty , charming . however , the movie really shines as a survey of the political and economic structure of the world in the nineties . yuri orlov is the perfect character to allow niccol to ruminate on the general anarchic wackiness of a lot of different hot spots at the time . yuri traipses through the former soviet union and africa , and niccol follows with his camera , casting light on some very nasty characters who are thinly-veiled ( at best ) analogues of real dictators . it 's good stuff ; you probably did n't see it in the theater ( very few did ) , but you can catch what you missed then on dvd now . * * *
i thought this was a wonderful story with exquisite illustrations . my 3-year old was enthralled with it , and checks it out from the library whenever she can . it 's a good story about responsibility and treating animals with understanding , as well as getting ready for santa 's sleigh ride
this book was part of my professional ethics class . i have to say i was very skeptical ( as the textbooks are never fun and one guy gave it a poor review ) at first . however , after reading the book i have learned a lot . ethics is not a matter of conservative or liberal ( if that 's true than god himself has to be a liberal not to mention bible talked about ethical behavior too ) . this book focused on why we need ethics in business and how proper ethics enforcement can save a business from corruption and other questionable behavior which eventually may bring down a business ( think enron ) . it talked about both sides and did n't force someone 's opinion on us rather helped us make our own decision which will be ethical and benefiting to the business . although it was my text book i 'd recommend this book to anyone as part of business strategy making .
after reading some of the more negative reviews , i thought that this movie would be a dud , but it was not . i found it to be interesting , although a bit predictable . as a historical drama it brings to light a story of which many may be unaware - the murder of a low level movie producer by a publishing magnate . good plot , good acting , good story telling and plausible ending make this movie enjoyable
i am not a fan of russian culture or history , but when i saw this program on the history channel , my fingers never picked up the remote control . i never channel-surfed once . there was more drama , intrigue , action , and violence in this documentary about real people than in any soap opera drama . it reminded me that nothing imagined on tv or in the movies can compare with real people and events in history
i gave this to my grandson , who loves the music of peter and the wolf . he is <NUM> years old , and from what his mother says , he loves it
this book was very tender and i would reccomend it to anyone who really loves to feel
i made the mistake of buying the first edition of this book ( published in <NUM> ) , but found it to be an excellent guide to the legal issues involved with public domain textual material . i have already published one book which relied heavily on public domain materials , and am working on a second , and when i bought this book i had several specific questions that i was trying to answer . this book answered all of them , as well as some that i had n't thought of ! i 'll probably end up buying the second edition , just to see what has changed in the last few years
if drama , suspence , a little humour and an impressive story line is your thing , then you are bound to like this movie . two ladies ( sort of ) swindles the mob over two million dollars ... drama unfolds from the begining throughout the movie keeping you at the edge of your seat . p.s warning there is a little lesbian scene that deterred my mom from watching the whole movie ( however this was early in the film )
yolanda adams ' christmas cd is simply beautiful . i love the arrangments of all the songs on this disc . i can listen to the whole cd over and over again . her rendition of the christmas song is my favorite . you will not be disappointed with this album
yes , my mock amazon name is dirk diggler ( long story ) , but this is `` boogie nights '' . i ca n't say this movie was `` over-looked '' , because it was n't . in fact it is really amazing that a film with this content was recognised for what it was and is , `` fan-f * * k-ing-tastic '' . burt reynolds is back at the top of his game in years , marky mark can act ( dirk himself ) , heather graham , and all the rest are in top form . what can you say ? ? kinda a mock story of john holmes/70's/80 's porn scene , but you really start to care about these people . soundtrack represents the time and it all just works . i ca n't hear `` sister christian '' by nightranger without thinking of that scene . ( some of you know , others will ) get the new line <NUM> disc version . it 's impressive . if you have an open mind and can take it for what it is , this will become a favorite , i guarentee it
after careful consideration this was the dylan album i chose to buy . and i do not regret buying it nor should anyone . this is a masterpiece . not many people can make an album that holds you from track <NUM> to the end . the beatles , tom petty , and bob dylan all can keep you sittin ' on the edge of your seat . great timeless songs on here are of course blowin ' in the wind a song that breaks generation barriers . the lovely girl from north country , bob dylans bob dylan 's blues , masters of war , and many more . without a doubt a must have in any dylan collection . your not a dylan fan if you do n't have this
this is definently one of my favorite albums of all time . anyone who thinks punk rock can not be intellectual , should check out bad religion , especially this album . suffer is good from start to finish , even the songs that do n't stand out as much at first , grow on you and become some of your favorites . get this album or no control , they are both great . the rest of their albums are actually pretty mixed in my opinion . a few great songs and some not so great ones . against the grain is pretty good and fans of old school punk will like how could hell be any worse . the rest of their stuff , like i said is mixed , but none of it is bad . but suffer and no control , just about an hour of music , are enough in my opinion to name them great . suffer is though , probably their best . if you want thought-provoking , fast , melodic punk , or if you like pennywise you will love this album .
a difficult period in argentine history is handeled well in this film . i would recommend this to individuals interested in recent argentine history . it is not appropriate for anyone under the age of <NUM>
so far this is the best of the ana brett and ravi singh dvds that we tried . best production quality
this is a great addition to a clifford collection , with nothing remotely scary or questionable . the episodes include camping it up hooray for cleo home is where the fun is lights out which all emphasize enjoying nature , and clifford 's charm school best paw forward clifford 's hiccoughs an itchy patch which generally emphases manners and being yourself . all in all , sweet , neutral entertainment for my <NUM> year old , though older kids would enjoy it too .
this is a great cd , almost every song had me swaying in my seat at my computer . the tunes have a slightly meditative effect , but are still lively and funky even . highly recommended , krishna lila will transport you to a far-off land of exotic colourful streets and purple sunsets
i have studied spiritual books for over <NUM> years . this book is like no other . only read this book if you truly are ready for your soul to grow and change . this book is a toe to toe , action oriented experience with spirit . play time is over
this book covers a lot of ground , so if it starts with some awfully basic stuff , that 's okay . the only real complaint that i have is that the authors are a bit too rah-rah for my taste when discussing marketing , but then , that 's probably par for the course ; everybody who is into marketing tends to go overboard on the bubbly , fake energy . that , and the fact that they demonstrate an astounding lack of understanding of basic arithmetic when they assert that `` while saving <NUM> % by paying a bill early may not sound like much , doing it over the course of a year will save you <NUM> % '' .
i do n't know why this is the only later `` slave '' album released on cd . besides their first album , the others are missing in action . i guess rhino felt that this was their most popular . but slave had alot of `` sleeper '' cuts that the world should hear . i hope that they will eventually see the light of day . this band was unstoppable , and they put out some of the best music in the <NUM> 's along with one way , bar-kays , con-funk-shun , and cameo . this album is [ ] good ! !
apparently the reviewer from pw read a different book from the one lisa rogak wrote .... her book on atkins was funny , juicy , informative ... and really a tribute to the man who was so ahead of his time . i loved the different faces of atkins revealed , the surprising and sometimes a little shocking facets of the man 's personality . also , revealing the fact that atkins was a proponent of alternative medicine left me wanting to know more . atkins was a risk taker , a man who dared to be different . rogak gives us all the personal tidbits that existed behind the public persona who was that man . i love the diet ... and i love rogak 's book !
i have been listening to jazz for <NUM> years now , and have not discovered a better album than this . you get miles in his prime , trane and cannonball , and a rhythm section that was just sick . every track swings . every note is on . do yourself a favor : get this cd right now ! !
not a fan of graphic novels or cgi , i was fully prepared to dislike this movie , but found it to be so well written , cast and shot that i will no doubt buy it for my collection . it 's a dark movie , subversive really , but carries a strong message that tyranny will not long survive the will of the people , that one strong person with a will , determination and the cleverness to use the tools of the corrupt against them , can turn the tide . it 's a powerful message , and it 's beautifully displayed with imaginative imagery , symbolism and script . bravo
i find this book very well writen . info is complete and correct . this is however on an old version of flash . as long as your looking for a flash <NUM> book this is the best text i have found . works great as a refrence as well
i thought i would miss roy marsden , but martin shaw was superb as adam dalgliesh
i have to agree with an earlier review-this is a true desert island disc.my favorite jj album.sultry guitar and terrific songs.this is an underrated masterpiece. & quot ; cherry & quot ; would make the price worth it. & quot ; i 'm a gypsy man & quot ; & quot ; let me do it to you & quot ; not a wasted note on the whole thing.dont miss it
the duet was a fun book to read . it included the kind of writing i enjoy ; real and coversational . all through the book , i felt like i had known these people for years and were talking to them in my own living room . it was great reading and i would recommend it to anyone needing a light novel
good quality film . amazon kept me informed of shipment . good servic
this was one of those mythological films that i speak so highly of in other reviews . this was a gem hidden in the darkness . looking at the cover , you would never guess that this would be such a powerhouse of a film , but let me be the first to say that it was . berenger and winger are amazing in their roles . winger giving the best performance that i have ever seen her do , while berenger takes a character riddled with evil and makes him human . when i first began this film , i was expecting a very true hollywood production . one that would be dark at first , but all of the sudden create this happy world at the end . this film did nothing close to that . what was amazing about this film was that it let the audience make it 's own decisions . not much was handed to you on a silver platter . upon the first ten minutes of this film , you would probably assume that it was a love story . it is anything but a love story . it is a crime/thriller/drama film , and quite possibly one of the strongest that i have seen in some time . there are some scenes in this film that i could n't believe i was watching . the sheer brilliance of the director left me wondering if this film was really made in <NUM> . the cinematography was outstanding . there is one scene that stands out the most in my mind . after berenger tries to `` put down '' his dying horse , he ca n't pull himself to shoot a living creature , so he has his side-kick do it . after it is done , he runs out into the rain behind berenger wrapped in a plastic tarp . the image here is of the devil riding close behind . it is so vivid and so beautifully done that you ca n't help to wonder what that may represent . there are a couple of scenes very similar to this as well . now , this is n't a film without some small flaws . the young girl was annoying . perhaps i find young children in these types of films always to be annoying , but in this case it was especially bad . also , there were some dopey scenes to this film . there were some parts that i felt i was the director of the film watching some bad lines happen between berenger and winger ... but it was only a couple . betrayed ends like an open-ended question . it tells you that justice has been served , but not eliminated . it does not paint a pretty picture of our society . be prepared if you see this for some embarrassing , yet disturbing images of ethnic hatred in this film . some scenes that you will not believe ever happens in our country , but in the back of your mind you know certain evils do exist . but then also be prepared to see john mahoney ( of say anything ... fame ) do his best work ever . the war took his son , the bank took his land , why should n't he fight in this battle of supremacy ? dark and impressive ... wow , i am lucky to have found this one . grade : * * * * * out of * * * *
this si without a doubt the most moving of all the disney princess movies i 've seen . the ending of this movie had me in tears . when i first saw this movie i though the beast really had died and it was too late for him and then it turned out that belle 's love for the beast brought him back to life and broke the evil spell that was cast on him by the enchantress . the ending could n't have been more perfect . i 'm so glad to own the dvd . the picure and sound quality is perfect . i now have the entire princess collection on dvd . thanks amazon for carrying these out of print titles
i love this album .. every track fits perfectly .. this is good hip-hop the way that it 's supposed to be done . i do n't know which track i would consider my favorite since overall i like every one but i would say that the beat to t.r.o.y is just plain out awesome one of my favorites of all time . if you want some hip-hop look no further check this out . you will not be disapointed . justi
mgm 's <NUM> grand hotel , which featured an all-star cast in a series of interweaving plotlines set against a glamorous berlin hotel , was a tremendous success , and the studio wasted no time in acquiring dinner at eight , a popular broadway show by george s. kauffman and edna ferber that had much the same concept and which could be given the same all-star treatment . when new york society matron and relentless social climber millicent jordan has the opportunity to host a dinner for members of the english aristocracy , she determines to go all out -- and the film follows the lives of her soon-to-be guests over the course of a week . millicent ( billie burke ) is unaware that husband oliver ( lionel barrymore ) faces both a business and medical crisis . oliver 's friend carlotta ( marie dressler ) , a stage star of yesteryear , has sold her stock in oliver 's company -- which allows loudmouth business tycoon dan packard ( wallace beery ) the chance to cash in at oliver 's expense . by coincidence , packard 's wife kitty ( jean harlow ) is having an affair with oliver 's doctor , wayne talbot ( edmund lowe ) -- and if this were not complication enough , oliver and millicent 's daughter paula ( madge evans ) is on the verge of provoking a social scandal via an affair with aging and alcoholic movie star larry renault ( john barrymore . ) and all of them are invited to dine . dinner at eight is usually described as a comedy , and it is true that there are several notable comic performances . the most famous of these are wallace beery and jean harlow , who give outrageous performances as the bickering packards ; billie burke and marie dressler also score as the harried hostess and the retired actress whose charms are long gone . where comedy is concerned , dinner at eight plays extremely , extremely well and can hold its own with even the best of 1930s comedy -- but in truth the movie is more of a drama than a comedy , and where drama is concerned it shows its age in no uncertain terms . for one thing , the script relies a great deal on coincidence . this adds to the fun where comedy is concerned , but it works less well for drama , and in dinner at eight the neatness with which the parallel plots link to each other is a bit too pat . for antoher thing , there is a clash of style between the film 's comic and dramatic moments , most particularly in terms of the john barrymore sequences , where the acting seems excessively stagey . instead of seamless , the various elements tend butt against each other in a slightly awkward way . even so , and whether your taste runs to acid-tongued comedy , broad melodrama , or wild farce , dinner at eight offers a great deal to enjoy . the performances are first rate , with the comic moments a true delight ; there is dark irony in john barrymore 's performance ; and the set designs and costuming are nothing short of iconographic : it is impossible to think of jean harlow , for instance , without envisioning her against a white-on-white modern bedroom -- and that , and a great deal more , comes straight out of this film . although the film has not been remastered , the print and sound are extremely good , and bonus features include a very good documentary on jean harlow , who more or less steals the show from her numerous co-stars . recommended . gft , amazon reviewe
this is far too big and rich a film to be contained in any summary description . it is rich in its beautiful depictions of childhood , family , and of sexual love , rich in its narrative of the growth of fascism , and fascist personalities , in pre-ww ii italy , rich in its analysis of the unjust relationship between the owners and the workers of italy 's farm lands , rich in the beauty of its sets , costumes , and scenes . it is a rough , rambling , long film , badly dubbed in the english version , but it is also an indispensable , inimitable , and immensely enjoyable journey through a vital part of modern european history . i saw the `` short '' version of the film shortly after its release in <NUM> -- it did not have a long run in the united states -- and never forgot it . i saw it again , just now , thirty years later , but this time , the director 's much longer cut . it had lost none of its power .
being from portland , the wipers were a band i always knew about but somehow never actually saw . their heyday in portland ended right before i turned <NUM> , to my eternal chagrin . greg sage is one of the great unkown rock stars of all time , bow down before him . kurt cobain wanted to be greg sage . think i 'm full of it ? listen to the nirvana cover of d-7 on the box set , listen to the original version of d-7 here and then consider the rest of kurt 's music in that light
excellent compilation on leadership attributes for innovation and is a collection of well written articles which made me think and connect to a real world phenomenon . i enjoy reading peter drucker 's books and the content of the book has peter drucker 's flavor to it . the clarity and style of this book is truly outstanding
i 've always wondered what push hands was - this video explains that in great detail and teaches how to learn in a very gradual manner . i got my copy last week ( ... ) im glad i finally found this dvd , because it shows exactly what i was looking for - i once saw two women 'pushing hands ' in the park and was fascinated , but have never found a video on the subject until now . nice sound and picture , and dr yang seems to be a very nice teacher
just listen to the piece , `` love , i never had it so good '' and tell me that this does n't move you . this is the most creative piece of work i have ever listened to . i had an employee of a vinyl record store play this album and even he was moved by that song . luther vandross sounds so young on `` sounds .... '' he really does sounds a bit different than on his later recordings . vandross comes across as fresh and more soulful back then than he ever did in his <NUM> 's recordings . ''love me by name '' is just wonderful and i dig the black choir that comes in to accompany patti austin . i have heard other jones ' production but this one takes the cake . it is the best one i have heard . ''tell me a bedtime story '' moves the hell out of me . i am not jiving yall . please buy this record ! ! you ca n't go wrong with chaka khan , ashford and simpson , luther vandross , herbie hancock , patti austin , and gwen gutherie coming together to make a really prolific album .
a must for lovers of bluegrass guitar and banjo pickin ' by three of america 's greatest musicians . some classic stuff and , thankfully , some pieces i 'd never heard . very high quality recording . unfortunately , there 's only <NUM> cuts and i could listen for hours
once again wynton and the lcjo come through with a magnificent performance
this pilates video stands out from the rest . the setting is a beautiful beach cove with the background audio of gentle waves , not music . after you heat up with the <NUM> 's and rest of the warm-up you almost feel like you are on that beach next to the instructor doing the routines . other videos are often filmed in a stark unchanging studio and can get boring after a few times . the instructor has a nice smile and pleasing voice , and gives just the right amount of instruction and with the right tempo , making the exercises very easy to follow while always reminding you of your posture and breath . the routines flow easily from pose to pose without unnecessary gaps or breaks . the first part is perfect for beginners , yet i found the second part challenging enough for an early intermediate level . do n't skip the intro , where the instructor does a nice job explaining what pilates is all about and how to intergrate it in your practice . since this video in enjoyable to do , i find myself practicing with it often . i just returned from a snowboarding trip and felt improvements in my core strengh , balance and flexibility . i recommend it for beginners to early intermediates who want to enhance how they feel and how they perform in sports .
if you 're a style council fan you must own this album . phony musicians stink when recorded live but the style council sounded even better live than in the studio ( `` home and abroad '' is also a necessity ) . this disc spans several years and features covers of some soul gems along with their own songs . they groove so hard on one nation under a groove , meeting ( over ) up yonder and hanging on to a memory to justify the cost . the only downers are some snippets of mick talbot singing lead ( oy vey ) and a couple mediocre tracks , but those are minor trifles with this gem for us council fans
`` the guns of august '' documents the events , conversations , strategies , and expectations that unfolded across europe from july to september <NUM> . to brutally paraphrase the <NUM> pages of barbara tuchman 's genius .... in regards to the outbreak of world war i , virtually everything that was expected did n't happen , and everything that could have gone wrong did . contrary to the `` domino effect '' jargon we 're taught in high school ( the war was a spontaneous reaction to archduke ferdinand 's assassination ) , tuchman illustrates quite convincingly ( as german primary sources have supported ... read kaiser wilhelm ii and general moltke 's speeches and memoirs ) , this war had years in the planning . in the movie `` thirteen days '' , president kennedy uses the book as a means to deride his hawkish generals and what he considers their poor sense of long-sighted policymaking . he uses the mistakes made by the generals in `` the guns of august '' as examples . but the book is not about the idiocy of generals , or even politicians . the book does not lay blame or point fingers . and when the book does pass judgment ( stubborn joffre 's plan <NUM> should have been aborted much sooner ) , it reciprocates in later pages ( joffre 's stubbornness helps turn the german right flank ) . the one question underlying the entire book is `` what if ? '' what if the belgians at liege had n't fought ? what if von kluck had n't swung his first and second armies inland ? what if britian had refused to add its troops to the french sixth army ? what if the german captain had n't been killed and the german hq battle plans not been intercepted ? every page offers these `` what ifs '' , and it keeps the reader on his/her toes . this book also shuts up the armchair generals who glance over a war , like a road crew worker on monday morning discussing a football game , and says , `` what idiots ... why did n't they do this ? why did n't they do that ? how could they not see what was coming ? '' `` the guns of august '' answers these questions , and when the situations are examined up close and personal , it 's clear that the men running europe made about as reasonable , logical , and cautious decisions as can be made in wartime . we have the luxury of not only hindsight , but of viewing the war as a whole . in the middle of the war , a field officer knows only the battle around him and what information he receives from other officers . spread a rumor around your work or school , and in a single week see how distorted the rumor has become from the original one you spread . now pass a vital piece of information up and down lines of divisions and corps and armies during a full-fledged world war and see how great your communication is . you do n't need to be a military historian to follow this book . there are maps to help the confused reader . if there are wartime lessons to learn from the book , they are these : remain strategically flexible , know your enemy , and plan for contingencies
supergrass is one of the best bands active today . their sound is both retro and current . not only can they make catchy music , but their musicianship is second to none . that said , this release took a few listens to grow on me , but it has certainly done that . each time it takes its place in my car 's cd player , it stays there for weeks at a time . i feel this is one of their better releases , and i anxiously await the next ..
`` bad boys ii '' the soundtrack ( clean ) is excellent and brilliant without compromise just like martin lawrence and will smith are . `` show me your soul '' from p. diddy , lenny kravitz , pharrell williams , and loon is superb . `` la-la-la '' from jay-z is excellent . `` shake ya tailfeather '' from nelly , p. diddy , & murphy lee is dynamite . `` girl i 'm a bad boy '' from fat joe & p. diddy feat . dre is brilliant . `` keep giving your love to me '' from beyonce is intriguing . `` realest n * ggas '' from notorious b.i.g . & <NUM> cent is fanastic . `` flipside '' from freeway is excellent . `` gangsta sh * t '' from snoop dogg with loon is brilliant . the rest of the tracks to the soundtrack i have n't listened to yet , but it could be as brilliant as the ones i just named off just now . get this soundtrack now , i mean , now
everything michael connelly wrote about this album , played in bosch 's cliffside home , is true . beautiful music
thanks for the background on this movie 's soundtrack mr. davids , and it 's great to know you support native american musicians . but to give this album one star out of five just because lisa gerrard is n't native american is ridiculous , and frankly , racist . peter gabriel 's `` long walk home : music from the rabbit-proof fence '' was a similarly haunting , ethereal collection of songs . the movie focused on the aboriginal peoples of australia . think anyone cared that peter gabriel is n't an aborigine ? like gabriel , gerrard has worked with musicians of several ethnic origins , and has always made efforts to support and promote them . this in turn increases cultural awareness of marginalized ethnicities for the mainstream consciousness , and represents one of the fundamental altruistic forces in what has been blanket-termed `` world music . '' we should applaud musicians like gerrard , not castigate them . or , the very least , we should judge music by the talent of the composer , not by that composer 's ethnicity . -amahl turczyn scheppach , music lover . ethnic origin : white/other
i 'm not sure i understand the naysayers in this group of reviews . i really enjoyed this book - as good as anything a lot of other authors have written , like david brin , or greg bear ( also excellent writers !
this was a pretty good woody allen film packed with well known celebrities . woody allen is playing a novelist named harry who written books based on people he knowns . he does n't tries much to disguise them and upsets his friends with his tales . there are funny moments when the movie segues to his fictional characters . my favorite is the one with demi moore . the one with billy crystal is pretty funny too . in harry 's real life i got a kick out of cookie the goodhearted prostitute .
the new songs in this cd are great additions to the long list of popular christmas songs . these tracks will endure like the rest of the good ones , and it 's well worth getting for your christmas collection !
`` i get pulled over by the cops , i be so drunk i 'd be out dancing to their lights thinking i made it to another club . '' `` ... turn the music up ! ! hey what is this - a leather bar ? i am not into this you fags ! '' hicks delivers on stuff like this every second line . the dangerous album is a riot . get hicks if you have never heard him . he is probably one of the best undiscovered comedy acts of the 20th century , died from cancer shortly after his peak
this is an incredible piece of work ! it is one of the top <NUM> best and most impacting books that i 've ever read ( and i 've read a lot ) . there are so many thoughts and principles that have stuck with me . this is n't a book you read where you come away wondering what you learned because you ca n't articulate what you read and/or learned . with this book , there are amazing teachings . it is much better than so many other books on business , leadership , and life balance . as an family man , mba and non-profit student director , his book and my application of its principles have truly left a great impact on my life and in turn the lives of others
the first two cd 's were wonderful ( five star ) , but on a scale of <NUM> to <NUM> , i would rate this cd a 11+ . the greencards just get better and better . this cd has about everything an album could ask for . just enough slow material and then they crank it up with some great picking . the vocals are as perfect as you can get . carol young is one of the best female vocalist out there today , bar none . emmon and kim join in for great harmony and lead singing , plus their playing is incredible . this band is fast becoming the best of new grass since the new grass revival split up . buy this cd if you love great music . it will have you patting your foot and singing along .
this is the hardback unabriged edition . having both , let me highly recomend the unabriged . let not the size scare you it is written in a manner so friendly as to be able to read a chapter lay it meditate pick it up <NUM> weeks later and read another . the chapters even the subsections can stand on their own not needing the before or after sections to be blessed with what you are then reading . i spent five years reading the book not because it is hard but because it is so clear and the sentences so full as to make you pause and say yes that is right , amen , let me rejoice in this awhile . i would some times not be able to get back to it for weeks . pick it up where i left off with outhaving to review the previous section to regain and uderstanding of what i was reading . now i have to review lois lamore to do the same i am not that smart but this writer is that clear and plain . i recomend you skip the intro by r c sproul ( a great man ) and just begin with gurnall writeing , you will not be disappointed . god bless and he does and will bless you as you read the christian in complete armour . the most bible filled book ever written apart from the bible it self
swimming pool explores some very interesting themes : the differences between youth and age , innocence , sexual awakening , motherhood , solitude , and voyeurism , among others . the plot is deceivingly simple . sarah , a writer , is staying at her editor 's house in france so she can work on her next novel . she 's had a great deal of success as a mystery writer , but seems to have hit a wall . she does n't want to do another mystery , but she does n't know what else to write about . enter julie , the editor 's daughter . she breezes into the house one night like a force of nature . her first order of business ? she uncovers the swimming pool in the backyard . it 's full of leaves , but this does n't stop her from peeling her clothes off and swimming in it . she also takes to sunbathing topless and having sex in the living room on a nightly basis , with whatever men she can talk into coming home with her . sarah is disgusted by all of this behavior at first , but as time goes by , she becomes captivated by it . she creates a 'julie ' file on her computer , and she starts writing again . but there 's a lot more going on under the surface . what is fantasy ? what is reality ? is the movie just a product of sarah 's imagination ? are sarah and julie linked in some way , and if so , how ? what the hell is going on ? francois orzon , in an interview with indie wire , had this to say : `` i do n't want to give you the key . i myself have an opinion about it , obviously -- but i wanted to keep the film open-ended and let every viewer imagine what he wishes . it 's a movie that gives viewers the freedom to make their own film . '' so essentially the meaning of the movie is left for you to decipher . i 'm not sure how i feel about that . it does n't really seem like good storytelling , and it would be disastrous if every director in the world started doing this . but orzon is n't every director , and swimming pool is n't an ordinary movie . i found myself thinking about it a lot once i had ejected the dvd , turning the facts over in my mind and trying to make them fit into some kind of coherent storyline . it 's strangely satisfying to do this , and i seriously suggest that you watch the film so you can do the same . my only complaint is that the dvd features were sparse - just a trailer and a few deleted scenes that did n't seem to add much . there was n't any director 's commentary , which irked me to no end . i would have loved to hear orzon 's take on the rather bizarre series of events , but no such luck . oh , and should you pick up the unrated version , be prepared for a lot of ludivine sagnier 's breasts . they should have been given second billing for all their screen time
the bbc 's version of the office is a refreshing , intelligent depiction of today 's business environment . laced with sarcasm and gags that are so astounding they defy comprehension , it is worth suspening disbelief for optimal enjoyment ! david brent 's portrayal of the idiot boss is genius . and his supporting characters - namely gareth and tim , are wonderful . after working in a corporation for many years , i could identify with many of the issues that arose and wish that i was able to respond in the ways that these characters respond . one takeaway , which i consider a serious one , is that honesty is underrated . brent repeatedly puts his foot in his mouth for the things he says and many times , it 's embarrassing to watch . but the beauty of brent is his honesty and it makes his obnoctiousness tolerable . he tells it like it his , albiet distorted , but you always know where he stands ( or is trying to stand ! ) . two thumbs way up for this box set which cleverly combined sharp wit with doses of reality . loved the ending too
it 's obvious from reading so many of the reviews of 'happy feet ' , what 's wrong with this country . really , people ... get a life ! it 's a perfect reflection of our political climate , that a certain sector of the population is so wound-up , pent-up , angry , frustrated ( and in so many ways ) , that they take it out on a bunch of harmless cartoon characters . i suppose this indicates that the angry rage over tele-tubbies has reached an end . my , this country has become a strange , dark place . all that aside , i loved this movie , and ca n't think of a legitimate reason not to let your children see it . smile ... it wo n't break you .
you will not be disappointed by this delightful album ! this may be sacrilege , but the chieftains can get old after a while ( well , they are old ) ... and altan is certainly a breath of fresh air . these folks know what they 're doing , and you can hear it in their whimsical reels . i look forward to getting more of their stuff . highly recommended
where this ranks in the woody allen opus , according to those who know , i would n't care to say ; but for me it 's the tops , up with the purple rose of cairo . this is an incredibly witty and delightful work , impeccably crafted in every direction . it is deeply subtle and philosophical : there is nothing shallow about its satire . it is also extremely funny . i laughed a lot , a very lot . maybe that supremely flat , deadpan humour , sustained to the nth degree , particularly appeals to an english sensibility . the ingenuity and accuracy of the antique filming and acting styles , and the staging of the musical numbers is astounding . incidentally , that was n't really hitler at the rally , with zelig behind him , was it ? i thought that was the hollywood version of the zelig life story : the versions merged -- - the documentary became fiction , and vice versa . eudora 's mother stole the show .
the third edition has been improved but has the same practical feel as earlier editions . real data is used for most examples and having the `` entire book '' on a cdrom including the data sets , solution manual and supplimental material puts this text `` over the top '' in terms of usefulness . it is an excellent reference for the practical engineer who uses statistics only occasionally . i use this in industry and teach internal ( to the company ) courses using this text . the cdrom really makes it the text of choice
the <NUM> horror effort `` shock waves '' , has been a film i have long wanted to see . after my first screening of it i can say it most definately proves the adage that a film need not necessarily have a big budget to be highly effective in creating great atmosphere with heaps of tension and sheer horror . it 's story should prove irresistable to any horror lover with the visual image of sinister waterlogged nazi zombies rising out of their watery graves to terrorise unsuspecting holiday makers trapped on an island with a scarred former ss commander almost a guarantee of a tension filled viewing experience . i most certainly found it that way and was really surprised by just how effective this little effort was in creating just the right eerie effect . hopping on the undead zombie bandwagon `` shock waves '' , actually manages to rise above many of the cliches of this genrre which was so popular in the <NUM> 's . aided as it is by some truly superb under water photography , a creepy musical score which is highly effective in creating the great sense of unease and a really interesting cast including legendary horror greats peter cushing and john carradine , and former child star luke halpin , `` shock waves '' , has all the right ingredients for a highly enjoyable and at times quite disturbing horror story . partially based on the novel `` the morning of the magicians '' , the story opens with a dishevelled and disoriented young girl ( brooke adams ) being rescued from a dingy and it is her recollections of the horrific incidents she has just experienced told in flashback that make up the story . it seems she and a small group of holiday makers have taken a tour on a rundown old boat captained by a crusty old salt ( john carradine ) a nd his young assistant keith ( luke halpin ) . after experiencing some strange weather changes and what appear like underwater disturbances the ship collides in the middle of the night with a strange vessel that literally appears out of nowhere and does n't appear to have a crew . sustaining damage the tour boat runs a ground just off the beach of a strange island . when the captain mysteriously disappears keith takes the other passengers ashore in the dingy where they not only find the captain 's body but also find that the island is deserted except for a mysterious german gentleman ( peter cushing ) , who lives alone in an old hotel . it turns out he is a former ss commander of the nazi army who has fled to the island at the end of world war ii and he warns the trespassers to leave the island immediately . as it turns out he has his own secret in that he was in charge of a daring experiemnt by the german high command near the end of the war which saw the creation of a secret group of storm troopers called the death corps who were underwater breathing zombified killing machines designed to be unstoppable in battle and totally without mercy . unfortunately the underwater disturbances have upset the death corps watery grave in the hull of the boat that the commander had sunk them in after fleeing to the area at the end of the war and very soon they are coming ashore picking off one member of the group after another . the ss commander himself becomes their victim and soon it is only keith and rose ( brooke adams ) who are left and attempt to make their escape from the sadistic zombie killers . keith however does n't make it after fighting off the death corp members as they attacked the dingy just as they thought they were clear of danger and then it is just rose as the sole survivor who drifts away in the dingy awaiting to be rescued . `` shock waves '' which had a highly effective working title of `` death corps '' , was the brain child of independant filmmaker ken wiederhorn who was also the film 's writer/director and he along with producer reuben trane managed to work wonders on a very meagre budget of $ 300,000 . obtaining the services of horror greats john carradine and peter cushing was a definite plus and gave this low budget effort a status it might not have otherwise enjoyed . not much time is given towards deep character development as is usually the case in these type of efforts however both these acting greats make the most of their smallish parts . peter cushing in particular delivers his usual polished performance playing another variation on his nazi characterisation complete with hideous scar right down his face . he manages in a very short screen time to really create interest in his character and as to how a nazi ss commander happened to end up on this island all alone . performances by the rest of the cast are uniformily ok with younger members luke halpin who is still best remembered for his role in the highly successful television series `` flipper '' , and brooke adams in her major film debut being th emost prominent and doing good work in the face of the zombie onslaught . the really memorable participants in the story of course are the extremely sinister `` death corps '' or zombies that arise from the bottom of the ocean and begin an indiscriminate killing spree among those trapped on the island . their horrid appearance once again is a bit of a miracle considering the films low budget and it 's amazing how their google covered eyes , nazi uniforms , and blank unfeeling expressions give them a truly frightening appearance . the scenes of them slowly emerging from the water and creeping up behind some of the cast members are truly inspired pieces of filmmaking and go a long way to increasing the fear element in the story . a major plus in `` shock waves '' , considering that alot of the action takes place near water or actually in it , is the superb underwater photography by irving pare . his work here is excellent in firstly depicting the old submerged wreck that is home to the long dormant death corps and in the chilling shots of the zombies rising up and moving off along the ocean floor heading towards land . the location used in florida for the site of the island despite only being a few miles from greater miami has a suitably isolated feel to it and the sets used , whether they be the abandoned old hotel or the marshy swamps , possess a strange other worldly feel to them that really removes the story and the viewers from anything safe or identifiable . `` shock waves '' , although certainly no great horror classic is a most interestign effort that is now a firm part of my horror film library . it probably would be impossible to create such a film as `` shock waves '' , nowadays with such a low budget and be still able to include the performers , photgraphy and locations that it does . my only regret is that horror greats peter cushing and john carradine who are both great favourites of mine did n't get to have a bigger involvement in the story and actually share some screen time together . cushing 's character in particular is a most interesting one which deserved to have been explored more however that is a minor qualm and the overall product is excellent and essential viewing for anyone who has a fascination for `` zombie '' oriented stories or horror efforts in general . enjoy !
sandra magsamen is neither a new age prophet of personal enrichment nor a martha stewart , but both of these types should listen to what she has to say . what she says in this pbs dvd is that we can bring joy to others and strengthen our bonds with others by doing simple , creative things in our everyday lives . the idea seems obvious once you get it ( like the secret ) , but unlike the secret , sandra 's message is about giving to others , and not getting `` everything you have ever wanted . '' not only is this the real secret to leading a happy life , but it revolves around practical things you can do that really work . you decide : visualize a mercedes , or learn how to make your next family gathering a joyful experience
you can immediately feel that you are a part of history and even when you know their ( frida kahlo , diego rivera ) story you still get surprised amused and amazed . i have seen their actual work and this film brings it back . for people that do not know their story this is an excellent introduction . i found it interesting how frida ( selma hayek ) and diego ( alfred molina ) complimented each others personality so well from the beginning until where we leave them . also the films surrealistic qualities will remind you of `` water for chocolate '' . many times this enhances instead of distracting form the reality of the films port ate . the colors being vibrant and even the music being vibrant fives a three dimensional quality to the film . i have only seen one other julie taymor directed film `` oedipus rex '' ( <NUM> ) which also had this quality . julie seems to know how to bring out thoughts that we do not know we have our selves and we see many things in a new way . i started to buy the soundtrack but do not see lila downs on any of the tracks . and her singing was the soul of the movie . now it is time to read the hayden herrera ( book ) `` frida - a biography of frida kahlo '' to see how much is in this screen adaptation by clancy sigal .
i 'm sure some folks will not agree with with me and thats ok . i think there are not enough stars to rate this . three big reasons : <NUM> ) the beatles <NUM> ) the other acts <NUM> ) commercials trip down memory lane for me back to grade school . and i kept hearing my dad [ ... ] about the `` long hair '' , when <NUM> years later he would have bought me a car if i wore my hair that short . what a gem . at least for me
in `` lassie come home , '' `` national velvet , '' and `` the courage of lassie , '' elizabeth taylor was eleven years old ... nevertheless , her charm and beauty were extraordinary , and what she lacked in talent and experience was well hidden in a fine production that was nominated for five academy awards ... as horse-trainer or dog-owner , as spurned wife or mistress , liz is a female who is absorbed in the giving and receiving of love : devotion to the object of passion is the center of her life ... little liz lavishes love on horses and dogs with remarkable intensity ... ecstatic ; a dreamer with a turbulent emotional life , persistent , the young liz dedicates herself to the prize-winning horse the way she later devotes herself to men ... anticipating her later images of young sex goddess , liz as velvet is both saintly and mature ... howard barnes , in the new york herald tribune , called her a child who 'lights up with the integrity of a great passion . ' directed by clarence brown with loving attention to detail , the movie that made her a star is a big bestseller from another era set in sussex , england , where velvet brown , a butcher 's daughter , teams with a vagabond teenager named mi taylo ( mickey rooney ) to train for competition a horse she 's won in a raffle ... from the coastal plains with its beaches , to the rolling hills , thatched cottages , and miles of country walks , `` national velvet '' is the product of a bygone era in movie-making ... following closely the structure of the popular enid bagnold novel , the movie is part horse story , part family portrait : scenes of training and riding are balanced by cozy family scenes , vignettes about young love and sermons from mom on the virtues of courage and endurance ... the browns are a noble version of hollywood rustic ... dedicated to a sober work ethic , they live quiet , exemplary lives ... mrs. brown ( anne revere ) is the very spirit of plain-folk wisdom ; the spokeswoman for common sense and fair play , she knows well enough not to silence the semi-hysterical energy of her horse-crazy daughter , and she lets the girl have her dream ... anne revere won an oscar as velvet 's mother , as did editor robert j. kern ...
the first story `` the spiderwoman '' was very good . <NUM> out of <NUM> stars in my opinion . it was a good story line with some humor thrown in there . the second story `` crevices '' was amazingly awesome . <NUM> out of <NUM> stars in my opinion . to me it was a genius story line . the only problem is that this story should have gotten some more showtime . it was the creepiest one on the dvd . norio tsuruta did i very good job . so ... congrats to him : ) the third story `` the sacrifice '' had a good story line to it . <NUM> out of <NUM> stars in my opinion . i think they could have done something to make the hideous head a little more ... scarier though . the fourth story `` blonde kwaidan '' was horrible ! <NUM> out of <NUM> stars in my opinion . i 'm sorry ... but there was really no story line to it . it hardly explains anything ... it was just a waste of film . the film used for this story should have been used to make `` crevices '' a bit longer ; ) the fifth and final story `` presentiment '' was pretty good . <NUM> 1/2 out of <NUM> stars in my opinion . it was kinda slow a bit , but it really did have a good story line to it . all and all this was a very good dvd . glad i bought it . i have no regrets . ( except for watching `` blonde kwaiden '' )
i saw dr. polk on c-span a month or two ago . he was addressing a gathering of concerned and apparently well-heeled citizens in the new york museum of art -- as i recall . he had the crowd and the moderator in the palm of his hands . i found him to be a compelling speaker who obviously was very versed in the subject matter of iraq . he seemed to genuinely care about the iraqi people -- and the amercian people . his speech and this book was about correcting our `` present march of folly '' -- to steal from barbara tuchman 's fine book title . this book is a primer on iraq from dr. polk 's point of view . it does offer a `` broad sweep '' of iraqi history in a mere 200+ pages . it 's purpose is obviously as an introductory historical primer for literate , reasonably educated americans so that they can understand the basic historical circumstances leading up to the present conflict . i think he wrote the book to try to change more american minds and effect a change in our present policy . that change seems to be coming about as i hit these keys . both the iraqi public and american public seem to be losing patience with the present intolerable set of affairs in iraq . it 's quite unfortunate that some of the amazon reviewers have so much trouble accepting some very basic facts . they , like the occupant of the white house and the rather motley crew that surrounds him seem to live in their own separate reality . we need , as a people , to give up our collective fairy tales about our country , its leaders , and its forever `` good intentions . '' this is a very approachable book . highly recommended for those who have little background in the history of iraq . another very good book that another reviewer recommended is : `` the future of iraq '' by liam anderson and gareth stansfield . their analysis results in the conclusion that iraq will break into <NUM> pieces . hopefully , in some sort of federated pattern rather than as warring nations . i remember seymour hirsch saying that the three part outcome was virtually inevitable given the circumstances on the ground in iraq . he based this on his sources in iraq . he made this statement in the spring on c-span . seems quite prescient .
i 've already listened to samples of her new cd.its even better than her first one ! ! ! more rock in it ! anyways this is an amazing debut album.i love it the way to begin and anticonformity are the best songs on the cd
excellent book full of useful advice about travelling in mexico . really helped me to get an insight into the country and where i would like to visit while i 'm there .
this has got to be one of the most touching and powerful books i have ever read in all my <NUM> yrs as an avid reader . for anyone who doubts that god takes broken people and makes masterpieces , this is a `` must read '' . to see the hand of god weave these lives together and make a beautiful tapestry was a joy for me . i have very few books that made me cry , but this one evoked every extreme emotion from me . to top all that off , it is a true story . an absolute pleasure and a cherished experience .
engaging characters , interesting plots , decent writing/translating , fabulous animation , great music ( opening song is in russian , english , and latin ) . and tachikomas ! there ! <NUM> words ! you do n't have to be a fanatic ( or `` otaku '' as we otaku like to say ) about this stuff to like it . a word about the tachikomas : they are tank robots the size of a vw bug and designed like spiders , and they are definately with the `` good guys '' . they can even shoot `` silk '' and cling to the sides of buildings . and they sound ( and frequently act ) like children . you would never think of saying a robot that looks like a spider was * cute * , but the tachis 'll win you over
i used & quot ; news reporting and writing & quot ; when i studied journalism in college . upon returning to the college classroom to teach journalism , i introduced my students to the latest edition of this wonderful text . the book provides an excellent introduction to the various elements of good journalism and is perfect for a beginning or advanced course on reporting and writing . i recommend it highly
my girlfriend told me about this movie . up until then i have never heard about it . this movie was alot better then i thought it would be . i enjoyed every minute of it . it kept me on my toes the entire time
i bought this cd hoping to get the definitive recording of mass pipes and band playing amazing grace . i was not totally disappointed , but i already had a version that i think i like better which is on a cd entitled & quot ; the music of scotland : the scottish national pipe & amp ; drum corps and military band & quot ; . the sound quality is better and the transition from the first stanza of solo piper to massed pipes in the second stanza is smoother in terms of the introduction of the drones . the arrangement is basically the same except that it does n't have the extra flourish at the end of the third stanza before returning to the solo piper . the & quot ; national pipe and drum & quot ; cd also has more emphasis on pipes & amp ; drums and less on military band than does the & quot ; dragoon guards & quot ; cd . unfortunately i can not find the former cd listed on amazon . there is , however , nothing more stirring than & quot ; amazing grace & quot ; played with massed pipes -- no matter which one you get
i normally cringe when i read `` read by the author '' on the front of a book on cassette because so many of them have no idea how to read out loud . elizabeth berg is a clear exception . she not only presents us with clearly delineated characters , each of them vocally fits the emotional description written by ms. berg . listening to the story is a delight . the story itself is a triumph . each character is endearing and embued with the berg warmth . paige is remarkably optimistic , diana is properly rebellious , and peacie is tolerantly loving . as i am listening , i am seeing them all in my mind and i 'm happy that they have come into my life for a few delightful hours .
i loved these movies , and watched the extended versions but preferred to purchase these ones because , i didnt read the books , so its just the movies for me , i think the extended version and extras are for book fans . its a little weird that the fellowship of the rings doesnt have spanish subtitles but the other two did ... i dont know why ... but good collection , great story , good performances , amazing music , incredible scenes ...
i love the x-files , i was in my grad school at the time it came out so i missed the first three- four years . this was a great way to see them all . i 'm a si-fi kinda guy so this was easy to buy . i hated when it got cancelled . it 's great to see the beginning and to now understand what 's going on and the history behind foxes obsession . the products i recieved are great and nice to know i can recieved them with an apo address . thank
i 've been going to grouphug.us for years now , it 's the best place to go when you need a little pick me up . i have learned that people are truely psycho . that fact alone makes me feel 10x better about the things i 've done . when i found out that there was a book published , i had to go buy it right away . i am so glad that i did . this is one of the funniest things i have ever read . i have passed it around to many of my friends , they all agree that it is awesome . it was the best christmas present i have ever found . no matter what people are interested in , they all adore this book . i have three copies of this ; one in my bedroom , one on my coffee table , and one in my bathroom . i suggest you buy this book if you want a good laugh or if you want to learn about the bizarre behavior of you neighbors
ok , i got this cd about year ago or something , and never got the chance to write a review about it . she is a really good singer , and that 's really good for a girl at such a young age . the first song i ever heard by her was `` leave ( get out ) '' and i liked it a little bit then , but now i really like it ! she may be a little too young to sing what she sings about , but the songs are still really good ! well , here it is : <NUM> . breezy - 10/10 a really interesting and creative beginning to the album ! she uses loud vocals in this song , too , which makes it stand out a lot . <NUM> . baby it 's you - 10/10 a great single ! this song is very sweet , and is pretty easy to understand in some parts . <NUM> . not that kinda girl - 10/10 this is one of her latest singles on her cd , and it 's a very nice song ! in this song she basically talks about what she is and what she is n't , and i really like music that does that sort of stuff . <NUM> . the happy song - 8/10 this one is ok , but not my favorite . the tune is a little too orignal in my opinion , but the lyrics are pretty good . <NUM> . homeboy - 10/10 great song , although i never really liked the word `` homeboy '' . but , the tune is very familiar and very pretty . <NUM> . city lights - 7.5/10 this one is n't that great , particularly because of the guys that come up some point in this song and start to rap . it just sounds a little werid , and i never liked rap . <NUM> . leave ( get out ) - 10/10 awesome single ! it 's one of the only songs on here that stands out , and it 's great to dance to ! the music video is pretty cool too , check it out ! <NUM> . use my shoulder - 7/10 ok , i think she could 've picked a better chorus tune than this one , cuz this one was just annoying and boring . but as always , the lyrics are good . <NUM> . never say goodbye - 10/10 beautiful ! this tune is very familiar ! it sounds to me like she did a remake of it or something , cuz it 's got a beautiful tune and beautiful lyrics . this song can also be used as a lullaby to put someone to sleep . : -p <NUM> . weak - 6/10 ugh ! this song is just soooooooo long and boring ! although the lyrics are always good , this song is just too original . <NUM> . keep on keepin ' on - 9/10 this is the first song on this ablum that 's written by jojo herself ! she did a great job on it , too . the lyrics are just so true ! <NUM> . sunshine - 9/10 another song that she wrote , and it 's just as good . i like the tune also , it 's very nice . <NUM> . yes or no - 9/10 this is a good one too , and another one that she wrote ( along with others , of course ) . i really like the beginning , it 's one of those beginnings you would'nt expect in a song lol . <NUM> . fairy tales - 7/10 i guess this is a nice ending , but the song itself is n't too great . i 'm sure she could 've made a better tune than this boring one . i 'm into pop and energetic music , not usually slow songs like this ! overall , cool cd . if you 've heard any of jojo 's music , i 'm sure you 'd like her album . also , keep and eye out for her new album titled `` the high road '' coming out on october 17th ! i ca n't wait to get it myself , especially after hearing her cool new song , `` too little too late ''
although i prefer the original ocean from <NUM> , this <NUM> sequel is n't bad at all . of course if you 're a fan of the original ocean like i am , do n't expect it to sound like a clone of the original , you might be disappointed . i had my suspicions when i bought this disc , as i 'm sure many others had , after all , there are so many prog bands out there that rightfully remained silent in the 1980s , only to reunite in the 1990s and give us some truly embarassing , pale , or uninspired stuff in an attempt to recapture their past glory . i 'm glad eloy did n't fall in to that trap . the production and sound of ocean <NUM> is modern , digitally recorded . definately not recommended to those prog rock fans who are anti-modern and like everything analog . but even so , the biggest surprise is the use of analog synths here ! i hear my share minimoog , some string synths , and even a little clavinet . digital synths are also used , but hardly ever detracts from the music . by this time , eloy was back to being a full band , thanks to frank bornemann , old-time member klaus-peter matziol , bornemann 's late '80s/early '90s partner michael gerlach , and ex-michael schenker group drummer bodo schopf . the reason i took a star off was i thought the end part of the cd dragged on a little ( particularly & quot ; the answer & quot ; ) , but eventually that no longer bothered me . apparently , eloy 's previous label , spv , rejected ocean <NUM> , so they moved on to a totally unlikely label : gun ( great unlimited noise ) whose specialty seems to be speed/thrash/death metal , so having a prog band on that label is truly strange company . so never mind the label eloy was recording for this disc , if you 're a prog rock fan , and you do n't mind a more modern twist in your music , and you like vintage synths , you 're sure to love this one
while i think i much preferred the first movie to this one , i found this one to be pretty amusing . there were a few good moments where i found myself giggling , and then there were moments when i could totally relate to the feeling of never being good enough for the in-laws no matter what you do . some of the sexual innuendo was hilarious . the stuff with the kid was just stupid , but it was so stupid that it was funny . all in all , worth the time to watch if you are in the mood for comedy . it 's dumb , but in a good way
<NUM> to <NUM> was the first film to address the glass ceiling . it takes a look at the workplace from a woman 's view . we first meet violet ( lily tomlin ) who has been working for consolidated companies for <NUM> years and has been overlooked for most of them . she trained her current boss and has the bruises to prove it . judy ( jane fonda ) is the new girl in the office . she is a divorcee ( he left her for his secretary ) and has never worked for a living . rounding out the heroines is doralee ( dolly parton in the film debut ) . she is the personal secretary of franklin hart ( dabney coleman ) and everyone thinks she is `` banging the boss '' . but the fun starts when violet is passed over for a promotion to a man she helped train . she then blurts out that hart has been spreading rumors that he 's been having an affair with doralee . and an employee is fired for a small infraction . this sends the three women to the local bar to drown their sorrows and they bond . each comes up with their fantasy way of killing the boss . judy is a big game hunter with hart as the prey . doralee plays role reversal and hart ends up on a rotisserie spit . but violet wants it to be like a fairy tale where she is snow white and the wicked witch and poisons hart . the next day , violet accidentally poisons hart 's coffee . when falls out of his chair and is knock unconscious , violet thinks she killed him . this leads to an all out comedy chase with violet steals the wrong corpse . the next day to the ladies surprise , hart shows up . the ladies regroup in the restroom but roz overhears them and reports it to hart . hart confronts the ladies but they wind up kidnapping him to find some incriminating evidence . the find something but it is going to take some time to get the evidence . over the next six weeks the ladies run the office in hart 's absence . hart escapes but the ladies changes have brought notice and hart is not above taking someone else 's glory . the subject matter here is very serious . so to do it as a comedy is very daring and it works perfectly . this is a film that many people identify with . everyone has had a boss or a teacher that oppressed them . and this film is what we all would like to do to these oppressors . you will laugh until it hurts . dvd extras : commentary by producer bruce gilbert and stars lily , jane and dolly <NUM> to <NUM> @ <NUM> - a <NUM> minute featurette with interviews with gilbert , writer director colin higgins and stars lily . jane , dolly and dabney coleman . deleted scenes - <NUM> mostly expanded scenes or alternate takes . the problem is without some kind of commentary we do not know why the scene was cut .
waller and armstrong were of the same generation and were collaborators in music in the 1920s . louis 's first big leap to popular stardom beyond the tight group of jazz musicians and performers came when he introduced `` ai n't mis behavin ' '' on the broadway stage . the audiences often forced him to do three or four encores . folks who had seen the show before would pay full price just to get in to hear louis sing this one song . the recordings in the late 20s by louis with all the vocals are simply my idea of the best music ever recorded by anyone . rather than get them selected this way , you might want to get one of the cds or collections that covers that period of time with everything , rather than just the songs by waller . likewise , while the all stars were not as good as his original chicago and new york groups , particularly these later all-stars ( i prefer the albums with the great jack teagarden ) , if you get into the music you will want that all too . at any rate , there is no one else but louis who can do these songs justice except the fat man himself , mr. waller
covey encourages every parent to do some soul searching to become aware as to what really is priority in life . then , he suggests we put `` first things first . '' i believe that most parents would admit that they do wish to have `` family '' comes first -- above all else . but , in today 's busy , often stressful daily routine of life , accomplishing that goal is often `` easier said than done '' . covey clearly points out the essentials ... such as establishing effective communication lines through family meetings and one-on-one talks with the kids . he makes so much sense as he describes with personal anecdotes how love , values , morality , and empathy for others is a process of teaching and learning from `` the inside out '' ... in other words from within the family rippling out to society at large . he talks about establishing a family mission statement and helps to direct moms and dads to find the courage and the skills to make changes for the better . covey 's book creates the mindset and the outline . if you have young kids like me , i recommend a perfect compliment 'how-to book ' with covey 's ... called `` the pocket parent . '' this handy book , written for parents of 2-6 year olds , is loaded with compassion and humor along with over one thousand tips and skills to try . it literally trouble-shoots many of the problem behaviors we all deal with daily-such as angry outbursts , bedtime , mealtime and clean-up refusals , tantrums , disrespectful attitude , the `` gimmes '' , morning `` crazies '' , sibling fights , whining and many more . these <NUM> books ( one more theoretical , the other more `` hands on '' practical ) have changed our lives . we now have more peace and cooperation in our family -- -and that gives us more time to enjoy each other . consider both books for your home reference library .
i would highly receommend buying this set ! a true classic tv show continues with it 's second season ! ! ! a must have for any classic dvd collection ! ! go back to the <NUM> 's and enjoy ! ! !
milo thatch is a young man obsessed with finding atlantis . the obsession already destroyed his grandfather and is now about to end his career as well . in the early <NUM> 's milo gets a break when a wealthy friend of his grandfather settles a bet and agrees to fund an expedition to find atlantis . everything is ready to go what with subs , vehicles , crew , supplies and experts . all that is needed now is for milo to bring his linguistic abilities in order to translate an ancient book that contains directions to the lost civilization . the expedition is quickly reduced to a mere handful of survivors and it is up to milo to save them by leading them to atlantis . milo succeeds and atlantis is found . atlantis is alive by not thriving . milo may be able to help the ancient civilization if he can get around some of their laws , prejudices and superstitions . but all is put in jeopardy when certain truths about motives are revealed and the fate of atlantis may be sealed for good . again it falls to milo to rise above his bookish ways and find the hero within and save the day . as this is a disney flick we know it will all work out in the end somehow . while i find the story entertaining i am puzzled by a few things like why the vikings use english , how someone found a path on the ocean floor without a submarine , or how altlanteans who are over 8,000 years old have forgotten their culture ( this usually happens with successive generations and not in what amounts to childhood to twenty ) . but if you can get around that , the film is filled with colorful characters , beautiful sets , and some very good voice characterizations . michael j . fox as milo was wonderful ( and lets not forget james garner 's role ) . if you want some fun and adventure , this is a film that provides it . check it out
martin wolf , noted financial times columnist and professional economist , has written the most readable , empassioned and convincing defence of the new global economic order to date . wolf 's approach assumes little knowledge on the part of the reader , while at the same time demanding a keen intellect to follow all of his arguments through to their conclusions . most effective are his relentlessly convincing counters to virtually all of the objections raised by the rag-tag `` anti-globalisation '' crowd , as wolf clearly demonstrates that globalisation increases economic output and wealth everywhere and for everyone , and that without globalisation , poor countries are destined to remain poor . wolf 's main thrust is that the world needs more globalisation , not less , and he remains critical of western countries who themselves contribute to `` limited '' globalisation by continuing protectionist agricultural tariffs and retaliatory tariff and dumping practices . in all , a complete tour-de-force , and utterly convincing that the path we are on as a world is the right one , and that the arguments of the critics are more sentimental than real
that `` blackout '' is being held for the season <NUM> release so all of the johnny depp die-hards will by it . nice marketing strategy . <NUM> jumpstreet has always been one of my favorites
this album is filled with very emotive and original music . my favorites are `` marguerite , '' `` canyon song , '' and `` sail . '' oregon 's music is complex both rhythmically and harmonically : rhythm-wise , there is a 7/8 improvisation section in `` canyon song , '' harmonically most of the tracks feature clearly jazz-level chords . as a fincancially stingy person , even i have no regrets about buying this album . highly recommended for people interested in the art of music
this movie is one of my kids ' favorites . in fact , it was the first live-action movie my older daughter could sit through , probably because it 's pretty cartoonish live-action . the nice thing is that grownups can stand to watch it , too . it 's very silly , of course , but there are lots of funny gags , many of which go right over the heads of children . there 's a little bathroom humor , but what else would you expect in a movie with talking gorillas and an elephant that plays fetch ? best of all , from my point of view , is the fact that perfectly-cast brendan fraser spends a good portion of the movie wearing only a loincloth . i agree with other reviewers , however , that it would be nice if the dvd were in widescreen and came with some extras . but i 'll settle for <NUM> minutes of happy children plus brendan fraser in a loincloth
this book manages to capture the whole broadway show and then some in <NUM> pages . i find the poetry in this book phenomenal and very truthful . i recommend this book to anybody who loves poetry and has and has an open mind . the actual broadway show was magnificent , the tv show is wonderful ? and if you haven ? t read the book , it is excellent
miles davis once said every one ought to get down on their knees and thank duke , after listening to this album you 'll see why . i am big fan of duke and the amazing creativity displayed in this album is awesome . there is no bebop , avant guarde , free jazz present just straight ahead swinging crafted beautiful music . the playing is exemplary and does successfully what it set out to do , provide interpretations of shakespeare characters and plays . the genius of the man is such that this music can be listened to without references to the bard 's work and is awesome in ever aspect . melodic , interpetative , improvisational jazz at its best , my only 'problem ' is i ca n't decide which track i like best so i am forced to listen to the music again and again and again and ... oh well : - ) buy this album you wo n't regret . if music be the food of love play ( swing ) on ellington play on . sound familar ? ? enjo
ferris bueller ( matthew broderick ) is a kind of hero to every high-school aged young adult out there . he 's the kind of guy whom we all want to be , really . he acts like he does n't have a care in the world , and lives life to fullest . the opposite of this guy would be his best friend cameron frye ( alan ruck ) , a sort of uptight worrywart who deserves to be brought out of his shell by the easygoing ferris . in this film , ferris fakes out his parents into calling it another `` sick '' day for him , his ninth to be exact . in order to convince just about everyone that he is really sick , he consults his collection of electronic sound effect equipment for the process . another antithesis of ferris is his life-is-not-fair sister jeannie ( jennifer grey ) who suspects something is up , as does the sly-but-not-so-slick dean of students , ed rooney ( jeffrey jones ) . it 's funny how so many trains of thoughts seem to dominate this movie and in the events that happen for instance , ferris says that he has to keep coming up with new illnesses in order to make <NUM> sick days . it 's amazing ; people , like his parents who are most easily duped , would think that this one sick kid when in reality , he 's having a ball . however , knowing that if he gets cauught and may not graduate , he decides to make this one count and be worthwhile . ferris and cameron bail out ferris ' girl sloane ( mia sara ) with a dead grandmother ploy , and together the trio spend the day doing the town in chicago driving the '61 gt convertible ( oh , yeah ! ) . this movie has a special message and feeling to it that 's as old as time . it 's about conquering fears mostly and just really appreciating life . for after all , as our hero says : `` life moves pretty fast ; if you do n't stop to take a look every once in a while , you might miss it . '' that 's the moral of the story , really . `` bueller ... bueller ... bueller ? '' not here , but he 'll be there in your own home sharing his funny but wise philosophies of life , and showing you how to open your eyes in making the most of every day
& quot ; the best of the heartbeats & quot ; is a classic ! the romantic lyrics , the perfect harmony , and the wonderful lead singer , & quot ; shep & quot ; all make this cd appealing to listeners of all ages and tastes
this is miami vice 's best season - at least to me . the stars , music and testerosa all come to together for insiteful and consistent episodes each week . and i appreciate the improved packaging so i do n't have to flip dvd 's to watch more . any vice fan needs season <NUM> .
this is simply a great mob movie . based upon the best selling book , `` wiseguy '' , by nicholas pileggi , it traces the rise and fall of `` gansta '' wannabe turned government informant , henry hill . skillfully directed by martin scorsese , this film with its all star cast , megawatt performances , and period music soundtrack packs quite a wallop to the senses . named <NUM> 's best film by the los angeles , new york , and national society of film critics , it garnered six academy award nominations and earned joe pesci an academy award for best supporting actor . in the 1950s , a preteen henry hill ( christopher serrone ) began his career as a `` gansta '' wannabe on the mean streets of east new york , where a small italian american community thrived . working with paul cicero 's ( paul sorvino 's ) crew , he worked his way up , doing the penny ante , gofer stuff , until he began more heavy duty involvement . as a young man , henry hill ( ray liotta ) took to his life in the underworld like a fish takes to water . he married a nice , jewish girl whom he turned into a shrewish girl , as he lived the life he wanted . his wife , karen ( lorraine bracco ) , also became entranced by the perks available to a mobster henry teamed up with jimmy `` the gent '' conway ( robert deniro ) and tommy devito ( joe pesci ) . together they stole , lied , cheated , and killed their way through life , until they got wacked or got caught . when henry , against the express advice of paul cicero , got involved with jimmy in the 1970s cocaine drug trade , it was the beginning of the end for him and jimmy . the film skillfully chronicles the rise and fall of henry hill from wiseguy to goverment informant in the witness protection program .. it is amazing that the actor playing young henry hill , christopher serrone , resembles ray liotta so much , right down to the piercing hazel eyes . he gives a terrific performance as young henry , expressing all the joie de vivre that young henry had over being associated with mobsters . ray liotta , as the adult henry hill , gives an outstanding performance . the viewer senses his absolute love for the life that he lives . he clearly enjoys all the perks of a mobster , his only regret being that he could never be a `` made '' guy , because he was not fully italian , as his mother was sicilian but his father was irish . robert deniro is wonderful as jimmy conway , low key yet powerful . joe pesci gives an over the top performance as the wild , volatile , and totally crazy tommy devito , an out of control wiseguy who has no redeeming value as a human being . he is a guy who does not think twice about killing someone over something trivial . paul sorvino is excellent as the mob boss who is all about the family and plays it the old fashioned way . lorraine bracco gives the performance of her life as karen hill , a woman besotted by the life of a mobster 's wife , until she realizes that girlfriends are an expected part of that life . she is sensational . this is simply a great mob movie . it is a film that the viewer will watch again and again . i , myself , have seen it at least three or four times , and each time is as if it were the first . vastly entertaining , this film is a worthy addition to one 's collection
first , i agree with other reviewers here that the portrayal of paul the apostle by anthony hopkins is a standout performance worthy of an emmy nomination . robert foxworth 's peter is also interestingly done but our information is lacking about his ministry when he disappears after chapter <NUM> in the book of acts . therefore the movie focuses on paul 's attempt to unite jew , greek and roman in a trinity of new christian faith and this film delivers on that concept , even though it is somewhat romanticized . some very effective scenes remind you of `` jesus of nazareth '' . one suprise is when paul is being confronted by his `` thorn in the flesh '' while consulting with barnabas and mark , you hear a mysterious sound that is tough to catch but mark inquires what it is to which paul replies `` just an animal '' . ( actually it is a devil ) . also there is a great confrontation with the woman who throws her voice into statues and animals to ridicule paul 's ministry . when paul tells her that she wo n't have the power to do that again it is effective enough to put a fear of the lord into you ! we get to see the journeys of paul and barnabas ( you will notice a gradual decline in the richness of barnabas shown in his clothing ) , we meet luke , timothy , silas , mark and get a basic grip on what the spread of christianity was all about in the ancient world . nero 's fay behavior will get on your nerves especially when he is engaged in conversations about paul with his jailer . paul 's triumphant entry as a prisoner into rome will remind you of jesus and his entry into jerusalem so much so that it can bring a tear to your eye . the original scene of paul forgiving the axeman when he is beheaded has been removed for some reason on this dvd . well recommended to anyone who wants some insight into the early development of the church and to understand persecution of the apostles !
the only reason why i gave this <NUM> out of <NUM> stars is because even though the documentary as a whole was very good , i wished there was an additional dvd on it that featured more classic matches from raw and nitro and more additional interviews . i was a little upset when they censored ravishing rick rude taking cheap shots at the wwe in the extra 's menu because he said more than they shown on the dvd . they also censored x-pac 's interview when he 's taking cheap shots at hogan and bischoff when the showed the clip of him going back to the wwe from wcw . i did think eric bischoff did a great job telling his side of the story but he did leave out some small ( but major ) details as well as vince holding back some info . overall , a nice wwe dvd to add to your collection . i just wish they added more matches and interviews . tna better watch themselves .
i have to admit that my expectations were high for this movie and i was initially disappointed . the plot was unrealistic and the ending far-fetched . since i had bought it , i watched it again and found that it was one of those movies that needs to be watched more than once because the enertainment is in the one liners and very funny scenes . watch it again . it is hilarious . -gooosfrab
i just ca n't say enough good things about the brainy baby series of videos and toys . i have allowed my baby to watch one brainy baby video per day since he was about <NUM> months old . he loves them . and i love being able to have a few minutes to clean my kitchen . : ) as soon as the brainy baby theme music comes on he starts to smile . he is captivated . i like them much more than the baby einstein videos . and the toys ....... he loves them . `` hello , brainy baby ! '' they are the most loved and most used toys in his toy box . i have to keep an extra stash of batteries just to make sure that they are all working all the time . we love brainy baby at our house .
i think i 'm following in love with joni mitchell ... all over again after listening to this cd . for some boomers there will always be songs from our youth that , when heard later in life , will immediately whissssssssk us back there in our minds . this joni gem has plenty of those type songs . xoxoxo , joni
i love the mummy series , and this hd transfer of the mummy returns is all i could have hoped for and more . this is what hd is all about the visuals on this transfer are cracking and the sound pumps too , if you enjoy this movie as much as me and have hd buy this as its about as close as your going to get to perfect ! a must have for showing off you hd tv and hd player ! !
this cd takes me back a lot even though i had previously never heard it before . i instantly started to compare it with other groups like trixter and warrant . i so love the fact that i can explore music on amazon that i would otherwise not be aware of . this group should have been a lot more successful and well known but however they brought out this album at a bad time for rock when things were turning to grunge music and nirvana
i used this with my class ( 3-5 year olds ) and they sat so still , they really loved the book . the story is heartwarming and the illustrations make you love the characters
this is trisha yearwood 's self titled debut album . the album was produced by garth fundis , who she has worked with many times . there 's a collaboration with garth brooks , top songwriters , what more do you need ? yearwood is one of my favorite female country singers , because she sings better than most of her peers . her voice is very good at emoting , she can go from a whisper to a scream in a second flat . she really makes you feel what she is singing . there was some big hits from this album including the classic & quot ; she 's in love with the boy & quot ; , the ballad & quot ; the woman before me & quot ; , the uptempo & quot ; that 's what i like about you & quot ; and the ballad with garth brooks singing backup titled & quot ; like we never had a broken heart & quot ; . other highlights include & quot ; the whisper of your heart & quot ; , & quot ; fools like me & quot ; and & quot ; victim of the game & quot ; . overall a strong debut
i 'm trying to get everything he ever did , a real her
death cab for cutie 's follow up to their <NUM> debut something about airplanes continues to build on their ethereal , atmospheric , unique , indie pop-rock sound . we have the facts is a more experimental , dynamic , rock album that still retains the previous album 's sentimentality . this is the album that transformed them into experimental indie rockers , but did n't launch them into the mainstream . this is a pure work of art , technically the band uses the chords in a very abstract and sparse way , the percussion is slow , and contemplating . some songs break out of that pattern and demonstrate a more full bodied , but not yet developed sound . most of the album relies on the musical production . ben gibbard 's voice is as haunting and beautiful as it ever was . he is given the perfect backdrop which complement his voice well . these songs work so well because of their minimalism . this album has a great sophistication to it , there is nothing else like it . the structures of the songs are n't traditional , so they seem refreshingly new and never get tiresome . each song is sequenced so that it works well against the last song , and the songwriting captures the emotional depth of the music perfectly . lyrically , the songs focus on loss and relationships . company calls epilogue is about a wedding gone sour , while <NUM> is about relationship . the wavy guitar melodies are catchy and loosen up the sometimes slow pace of the songs . this is an album that gradually builds on you after a couple listens . it 's not over the top , and requires multiple listens to capture the depth of the music . as a whole , the album works incredibly well , it 's cohesive and consistent . these songs have been crafted carefully and are painfully addictive once you begin to appreciate their sophistication . this is indie rock at it 's finest . the production takes this album up to new great heights . this album is similar to the forbidden love ep , which is also good . in my opinion , we have the facts , and the photo album demonstrate death cab 's early raw style , where everything was understated simply and beautifully , before the overproduced transatlanticism and plans . this is a great album to listen to if you want to relax , or just think . as they continue to develop as artists , it 's amazing to watch their sound change , for better or for worse . recommended .
all i can say is that if there is anyone who does n't love this show after seeing it than we do n't live on the same planet . this show inspired me to take irish dancing . now i 've worked my way up to going to the world championships next year ! in other words , it 's a masterpeice . personally i would give this <NUM> stars . there just is no comparison
i am very happy with this product the delivery and condition of was very goo
every time i listen to this album , i have to jump up and down ! ! ! lot 's of fast tempo beats and super fun lyrics ! i highly recommend it
typical country rock slash pop american music and weal vocals stick to the acting the woman whohad a hit with `` bitch '' back in <NUM> cam back to dissapoint us al
i was really impressed by this film and i must congratulate hollywood for presenting the soviet war machine in such a realistic way . the direction was fine , the actors well chosen , the script very good and harrison ford 's acting top quality . i think this film was superior to older ones like `` the hunt for red october '' or `` crimson tide '' whose story was rather flat and predictable . the key advantage of the film is the intense psychological charging of the crew 's attempts to cool the damaged reactor and the marvellous portrait of traditional russian self-sacrifice
she 's all that is a very funny movie . it stars freddie prince jr. and rachel leigh cook . they are comic geniuses . the story is about a guy who made a bet with his friends about making any girl that they want into homecoming queen . they give rachel a hot makeover . the plan was going smoothly until he found out that he is falling in love with her himself ! find out how he makes her into the queen and have a relationship at the same time . overall- a great movie
insightful critique of the qur'an and related materials on mohammad and islamic history , current events , and terrorism . a introductory work of great breadth . a must read , for more than purposes of christian evangelism . for those who want to preserve the west
great fun . dickens ' first novel , the first mass-market best seller in world history ( coming on the heels of the invention of cheap paper ) . essential reading for victorian literature and the evolution of dickens ' style . this edition ( with footnotes and introduction , two appendices and maps ) is fine in all respects , except that the print is too small
even if i were not the photographer who contributed the cover photos i would rate this album as a ten . for this release , sonia has cooked up a band of incredible talent and passion which drives her songs to a whole new level of glory . an added bonus is sister cindy 's vocals on the kerrville tracks which connect this recording to the past of disappear fear . this new incarnation of disappear fear rocks and its sound can only go up from here . it is as spontaneous and as fixed in time as sonia 's smile on the cover . got ta love this one
i throughly enjoyed this movie because of the plots twists and turns . bruce willis and brad pitt both delivered excellent performances and contributed much to the intrigue of the story . while this one might be a bit out there for the general public , i found it to be a white knuckle ride and could n't wait to get back on . probably not a `` first date '' kind of movie , but if you 're wanting a story that grabs your attention and then throws it down the stairs , along the lines of pulp fiction , this is it
queensryche was never a band to sit still -- from their early metal roots on their first couple releases , the band began blending elements of progressive rock and other influences into their sound until `` promised land '' . in many ways a pinnacle acheivement in the band 's history , it would have been extremely difficult to equal . the album was well constructed , an acheivement of arranging and sound , and while it was unpopular with a number of the band 's fans ( who would have preferred a straight metal sound ) , it was certainly a unique statement . many bands would have been tempted to try for a sequel in sound and feel , others would have tried to get even more over the top , still even more would be likely to retreat backwards , to rejoin the metal sounds of their youth . queensryche did something quite different . `` hear in the now frontier '' is a stripped done , bare record . gone are the swirling arrangements , the extra instruments , keyboards , synths , samples , layered vocal harmonies , etc . instead , straightforward riffing , blistering leads , and a looseness bleed forth , as though the band had been listening to what the other locals in seattle were doing . when i first heard the record , i hated it ( even as a fan of the grunge movement that in many ways inspired it ) , but there was enough decent material to keep me coming back to it . these days i love it . in truth , i think it represents guitarist chris degarmo 's waning interest in metal -- he exited the band shortly after and ended up playing guitar with jerry cantrell for a while , and his stamp is all over this -- <NUM> of the <NUM> cuts on the record were written or cowritten by him , and the best material ( that which looks back as little as possible ) was soley from his voice . from opener `` sign of the times '' , with its sludgy rhythm guitars and wobbly lead , its clear this is something different . the best material on the record tends to be the less heavy work -- from the laid back ballad `` some people fly '' to swirling love song `` you '' to the brilliant and soporific `` hero '' . degarmo even takes the mic from vocalist geoff tate on great love song `` all i want '' , and while some of the heavier and more abstract material also works well ( `` saved '' , the bizarre fan-favorite `` sp00l '' ) , its really an album that excels in the midtempo pieces . the remaster is further augmented with b-side `` chasing blue sky '' ( a relatively uninteresting piece ) and three recordings from the mtv unplugged show several years beforehand -- `` silent lucidity '' and `` i will remember '' get decent readings , but its really `` the killing words '' that is noteworthy -- its a fantastic and delicate performance of a great song . it does n't sound like old queensryche , but that 's what i love about the band . they 'd reach higher heights , but there 's an awful lot of great material on here that deserves listening . careful and patient listening will yield rewards
this book is of great use for elementary school teachers . i got a copy when it was first published several years ago and have given several copies to teachers . when teaching elementary school students , as i did , things must be kept simple . this is not only true because of the availability of supplies but , also , the ability of the students and supervision needed in teaching the art process . the author had years of teaching experience and it shows in the instructions given - - - particularly , for those of us who do n't have a great artistic talent ourselves . i purchased my most recent copy for a young friend who is starting her first year of teaching in the fourth grade . i hope that she uses it and enjoys it
the bottom line is : every jam fan should own this immediately - the quality/range of the material included on this amazing 2-dvd set is awesome ... but as much as love all the tv clips , archival footage ( esp the cool & quot ; meet the jam & quot ; piece ! ) , live segments , and videos , i do wish they would have included the video version of the jam 's final single , & quot ; beat surrender & quot ; which i sometimes would see on early mtv - it 's really polished and exciting , oh well ... and also , where is the stunning , raw set they did on abc 's early <NUM> 's late-night & quot ; fridays & quot ; show , etc . these omissions are the only reason why i docked it one star - since it 's really not & quot ; complete & quot ; but for any jam fans , even casual ones , this is a definite must-have keeper dvd you will go back to again and again ! ! makes you feel nostalgic and even a bit sad for a time lost in pop/rock music , never to be returned !
brad mehldau first came to my attention with his percussive yet lyrical take on radiohead 's `` paranoid android '' on his album `` largo . '' i thought it was stunning , ambitious , and fresh . it gave me new respect for this song from radiohead 's 90s masterpiece `` ok computer '' ; `` paranoid android '' is a tripartate `` day in the life '' for a sadder wiser time more than <NUM> years after the beatles disbanded . here mehldau 's breakthrough piece is expanded to <NUM> minutes in a live format uinaccompanied by his trio . it still has riveting moments , but is less impressive than his version on `` largo . '' there is plenty here to make up for that . nick drake , a 60s/70s folkie rediscovered recently through a volkswagon commercial which featured his hypnotic `` pink moon , '' gets the mehldau treatment twice . drake 's already jazzy `` riverman '' is expanded on , deconstructed , explored . his mysterious `` things behind the sun '' opens the album nicely . mehdlau 's idiosyncrasies seem under control at first but increase as the album proceeds like a fidgeting child still for only for a few minutes at a time . this is just fine as the quirky jazz pianist covers another quirky jazz pianist : thelonious monk . jazz standards are another strength of mehldau 's since they need his strange flourishes and dense pounding chords to attain new life . the choices of monk , gershwin , drake , and radiohead continue to mehldau tradition of being a liason between traditional and avant-garde jazz . this live album , with its enthusiatic japanese audience , requires patience with its long meanderings , which are sometimes too far from the melody he 's interpreting and just generally overlong . my four-star review is to say : there 's more here interesting than distracting
when i think of greg dulli , i think , why is n't this guy in more cigarette commercials ? also people have told me that i look like him , so i always want to check out with my doppelganger is up to . in the 1990s , greg dulli carried the weight called the afghan whigs and challenged everyone 's attention largely on the force of his personality . that is so me . outside of kurt cobain , dulli is the only real charmer from ten years ago . his music was honest and cool and had r & amp ; b and motown sophistication . dulli now peeps his head over the fence with blackberry belle . dulli pissed his territory with songs about love and suicide in a style of a smooth operator . his voice is more confident than ever . his new outfit seems more musical than the afghan whigs which were limited to their usual rock and rock paths . this is like when nick cave left the birthday party to do much more stylish music on a bigger scope . i think barry adamson and kid congo are available for employment . i look forward to more records and shows
y'know - i do n't care what anyone else says 'bout this film . i liked it so there ... : g : it was a good bit of childish fun at times , as well as a lot of drama . i cried my eyes out for those children because of their father being at war . it 's got funny stuff with the cousin and `` it '' , which eddie voices ever so brilliantly ... and i loved the aunt .. i knew she was something special , siding with the children and helping them . i loved her ! kenneth brannagh was hilarious as well . i do n't know - i just loved it . i think you should give it a dry . i think it 's a good mix between a typical family movie that has a good thing to say to the viewer and a fanstasy like cs lewis or even tolkien at times . the moral of the story ... wishes ca n't last forever ... but you 'll just have to see the movie to see what i 'm talking about , now wo n't you ? :
this is the 7th time this movie has been made and while it may not be the best it is certainly a worthwhile film to watch especially for the spectacular battle scenes . we were fortunate to find a great site to buy it on www.hardtofindrecordings.com as they have it seems every film ever made whether in print or not . i highly recommend both the film and the website
i 'm a u2 diehard fan from chile , and i love their music . the new <NUM> songs are excelent . this compilation incorpores a beautiful booklet with details of the chart position when each single was launch in usa and uk . u2 has an important place in my life - and i wonder what a lot of people in the world think and feel the same - , so we must celebrate , and wait until the new record is edited - and the begining of the new tour - . if you love u2 , you must have this cd .
while i was kind of slow to get this because of his use of beats that i heard before on `` smooth operator '' and his second r & b release `` i get the job done , '' other singles like `` calling mr . welfare '' and `` another victory '' ( some of the illest flows ever in a rap record ! ! ! ) , i had no choice but to get it . while he was in the process or abandoning marley marl ( for a lack of gong platinum like he felt that he should have . he wanted to be the next ll and could have been ... ) , this album turns out to be better ( overall ) than his first one because he has more songs on it . the songs are good and the beats are hot although some songs use beats that we have heard beofore . in order to understand ( young people and those new to hip-hop ) why the big daddy kane and rakim are mentioned as the best while they are not seen or heard from , you have to get their first two albums . if you do n't understand then , you never will . if you think that tupac was a great mc or that tupac and/or biggie were the greatest of all time , then you would hate on this album because you listened during a time of simplistic lyrics and a persona ( and looks.tupac ) that sold in instead of real skills . if you hear this and you can not say that bdk and rakim are the best rappers ever , then you judge rappers by how much violence they bring and how much crap they talk . none of these rapper can even compare to one paragragh by bdk on this album . he alomst took ll 's spot after that kool moe dee battle almost did ll in ( they 'forgot ' to mention that on `` behind the music ... '' ) , but after ll came out with `` to the break of dawn '' and `` jingling baby , '' ll was back on top . bdk . a man who ruined his own career . i still ca n't get over it ..
patch admas is a real doctor who make people laugh . he use ballons , a pool with pasta and angel costum for dyingman . is so funny ! and robin williams is perfect actor for part . he look and act crazy like real doctor , but he also care and love people . he only wan na help . he even trust larry , who is psyco and kill patch girlfriend , but she become butterfly , so is ok . the top doctor in hosptal is like nazzi- very evil . he try to stop patch , but patch wins trial . he is call patch because he fix old mans coffeecup . he become doctor because he long ago want to kill himself but in crazy house he helps his roommate fight fake sqirrles . and he like helping people so he is become doctor . in doctor school he want to meet patients and learn there names . he is a different kind doctor for sure ! and so funny ! he build special hospital for free
like crackin open a cold beer . this is hip hop ya 'll . this what needs to be on the airwaves . this whole album is listenable . no poppy fluff here . just a dope mc paintin pictures with words and not videos . how dudes like joc d4l and franchize boys sell records is still beyond me . support real hip hop and buy this . you wont regret it
the impression i 'm left with from this fine music is that mr lloyd has come to terms with ... life ? ... art ? ... god ? with two thirds of the brad mehldau trio ( youth ) balanced by masters mr billy higgins and mr john abercombie ( experience ) there is absolutely no sense of strain . the water might be wide but it is also deep . the spirituality and sense of communion and peace that suffuses this music is apparent in the verse , the programming and packaging of this cd . it opens with one of the most poignant of mr hoagy carmichael 's songs - georgia - and who can fail to recall the emotional baggage that song carries , not the least of which is its interpretation by mr ray charles . there is a homage to ms billie holiday in a song by the leader called lady day . there is mr strayhorn 's lotus blossom and mr ellington 's black butterfly . it seems as though mr lloyd is paying homage to the roots of the music - spirituals , folk songs , the blues , pain , love and the black experience - through some of its major progenitors including the great bassist mr cecil mcbee whose song of her is included . this is not to say the music is lacking in joy . figure in blue with its spritely rhythms is one case in point . lotus blossom too is liltingly , swingingly lovely . mr lloyd 's tenor can sometimes sound as sweet as an alto but throughout there is a quiet , thoughtful , passionate and masterful musician at work here completely supported in his vision for this programme of music by his musicial compadres . in this music i am reminded of john coltrane 's a love supreme , david murray 's spirituals and mr duke ellington 's inclination towards the sacred
i liked this book for various reasons . first , i thought it was neat for representing numbers through numerals , words , and dots . it also incorporated street scenes and common objects for the reader to see a certain number of objects in an everyday situation . i also liked how the cover and some pictures showed children of different races together . the only thing negative comment i have is that the pictures are black and white and not as attractive as more current books . i think the book is appropriate and a great way to practice counting
we love this archive ! we love the band and this is the best collection of their work ever ! !
in the contest of love and jennifer connelly against the infinitude of chaos , the match goes to love and connelly , 1-0 . mrs. elizabeth nash - as played long-sufferingly and with an understated intensity about her performance that can only be called gorgeous - is one of the several centerpieces of this memorable film . you do n't get a clinical presentation of schizophrenia here , and the news coverage following this <NUM> film suggests that you do n't get a history of princeton mathematician john nash 's life either . what you get are epic performances by russell crowe and partner connelly , together with enormously assured supporting roles by ice king ed harris and paul bettany , together with the kind of rich and textured cinematography that must have upped princeton 's application rate with its sheer autumnal elegance . crowe 's heroic battle against the delusions that plagued dr. nash 's mind are gladiatorial in scope , though it would be difficult to imagine a role more restrained and internal where that famous acting played out violently and before drooling crowds . as one of rome 's famous gladiators , crowe found redemption by bringing down a sinister emperor . here he does so by quietly accepting the pens ceremonially laid before him by his princeton colleagues and then by explaining that 'it is only in the mysterious equations of love that any logical reasons can be found . ' those who love or have been loved against the infinitude of chaos will understand dr. nash 's discovery , regardless of whether the real nash ever said those things from behind a stockholm podium . do n't overlook this film when building your posterity collection . as human drama goes , a finely crafted fiction can ring more true than the connected dots of what really went down and who said what
this movie is going to bring you down . that 's a fact . but it 's hard to deny this movie all the praise it deserves . a classic tale about men who served in one of the most treacherous environments ever known to man . it 's also hard not to come out of this without a lot of respect for the germans who served in the u boat service
martina mcbride delivers a traditional country music vocal performance on her latest cd martina mcbride `` timeless . '' martina mcbride covers lynn anderson song `` ( i never promised you a ) rose garden '' on her latest cd martina mcbride `` timeless . '' martina mcbride is a country music pioneer in her own class
i have a few friends who `` do n't like cartoons '' . i guess they were brought up on hannah-barbara drek and it turned them off of the whole genre . when i run into this attitude , i pull out spirited away and my neighbor totoroto show them the beauty , subtly , and power of animation .
this film brought me to tears . nights of cabiria is the first film i 've seen from this brilliant italien director . cabiria is such an enduring character that will always be remembered for her innocence , spunk , and most importantly , her defiant spirit after going through so much humiliation by scumbags who took advantage of her golden heart . highly recommended to everyone .
we need the funk , and john scofield provides it . chill down and groove with it
someone wrote that this book is too depressing . i beg to differ . i 'm not a professional child psychologist , but looking back on my own experience , and how much i loved this book as a child , i think children have very powerful feelings all the time , including longing and sadness . it 's comforting to see those feelings described and reflected outside yourself . if adults act like the whole world is happy-happy all the time , it can feel very lonely and isolating when you have other feelings . i would venture to guess that empathizing with characters in stories helps children develop a sense of connection between their own feelings and other people 's feelings . this connection makes us feel less lonely and also allows us to be genuinely caring toward others . i can still see , in my mind 's eye , the picture of sylvester the rock under a blanket of snow , and feel the almost unbearable empathy that i felt for him when i read this book as a child . but it was a good feeling to feel such profound emotions . it was not unpleasant -- it was very real , alive , and human -- it made me feel connected with the world . and it was a safe place to feel these emotions , because i knew how the story ended , i knew everything would be okay . i loved this book very much . i wonder if i still have it ...
this is a great acoustic guitar record . i would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys acoustic guitar finely played . the pieces are varied and focus on exquisite flowing melodic ideas . chris brenne 's formidable technique does not overpower the beautiful intricacies of his compositional ideas , but instead serves the demands of each piece . the result is a record that has an integrity that attends to musicality first and foremost - sensitive , serene and strong playing
my <NUM> year old is a barbie junkie . she has all of the movies . this one is probably her least favorite , but she has still watched it quite a few times since christmas .
& quot ; super hits of the '70 's - have a nice day vol . <NUM> & quot ; contains yet more of those '70 's power-pop top <NUM> tunes you 've come to know and love . this collection focuses on the late '70 's - specifically late 1977/early <NUM> . ram jam 's & quot ; black betty & quot ; kicks things off into high gear , with an unmistakable southern-rock , hard-edged flair . as the autumn months of '77 rolled around , moviegoers had n't quite gotten their fill of the box-office mega-flick & quot ; star wars & quot ; , which was released in theaters earlier that summer , so a discofied rendition of john williams ' original score was released - this version by meco titled & quot ; star wars theme/cantina band & quot ; , which hit the billboard charts big-time and made it to number one , as well . the los angeles-based group player reaped adequate rewards from their first single titled & quot ; baby come back & quot ; , released during early '78 . player 's success was short-lived however , and saw just two more singles enter the charts during the course of the year , and disbanded soon afterward . the absolute worst song of all time appears on this collection - meri wilson 's & quot ; telephone man & quot ; . whoever had the foresight to include this clutter here had to have been on battery acid , as it is just plain horrible and incredibly insipid - which is why & quot ; have a nice day vol . <NUM> gets four stars instead of five . now that we 've gotten that senseless , moronic & quot ; tune & quot ; out of the way , let us continue onward . ex-spirit and jo jo gunne member jay ferguson , who had a hit with the former group and sang lead on the single & quot ; i 've got a line on you & quot ; in the late '60 's , contributes here with his only solo chart effort & quot ; thunder island & quot ; , released in the spring of '78 . if it 's wispy , sentimental ballads that you crave , there 's dan hill 's & quot ; sometimes when we touch & quot ; , a major hit in both the u.s. and canada also during the spring of '78 . for a howlingly good time , ghouls , ghosts and goblins will have a frightfully good time with warren zevon 's & quot ; werewolves of london & quot ; . moviegoers in the winter of '77/'78 will recognize ex-bread frontman david gates ' & quot ; goodbye girl & quot ; from the movie of the same name , which was released in april of '78 after the motion picture 's release . wales 's bonnie tyler had her first big hit with & quot ; it 's a heartache & quot ; during the summer of '78 , as well as did michael johnson with his hit - the melancholic tear jerker & quot ; bluer than blue & quot ; . before exile jumped the pop ship into country music waters , they hit it big with & quot ; kiss you all over & quot ; , written by two of the group 's members - mike chapman and nicky chinn , who became songwriters and mega-producers for other artists during the late '70 's and early '80 's . finally , to round out this collection of chartbusters , there 's walter egan 's top twenty smash & quot ; magnet and steel & quot ; , which also features backing vocals courtesy of fleetwood mac 's lindsey buckingham and stevie nicks . as far as & quot ; telephone man & quot ; is concerned , i felt rhino could have utilized better singles for this collection from that era in its place , such as dolly parton 's & quot ; here you come again & quot ; , or firefall 's & quot ; just remember i love you & quot ; ( both released in autumn of '77 ) , to name a few , although there are several other singles from this time period that could have definitely gotten the nod over & quot ; telephone man & quot ; . even though we 're stuck with tm , & quot ; have a nice day vol . <NUM> & quot ; is still a good arrangement of superbly crafted pop tunes to have in your cd collection at any rate . a must have for completeists of this <NUM> volume series
this is a very solid debut . a unique style of flow that seperates him from the pack , but easy to bang . hes hot . production is q-u-i-k no c so u know its bangin . lyrically this cat is a west koast phenom and highly underrated . for the majority of the album the feel is reminiscent of quiks ground breaking `` tonite '' . very close to being a classic . my reviews are for those close to the streets so if this isnt u dont be surprised if u dont agree . 6x9 b down or get klowne
i first heard this band in the movie 'desperado ' . i have a couple of their cd 's and really enjoy the grooves while driving . if you 're a big top <NUM> fan , ( britney spears , etc . ) you may not like it . the songs are not cranked out of the radio play tune machine and have bizzare subject matter . keep it up tito ! p.s . i have tried with poor success to get my friends into this band , but i stand by my taste
this is one of my most favorite commissioned albums ever . reason being is because fred and marvin are great singers and this was the last project they had together before their solo careers really took flight . i love this album , `` dare to believe '' is a classic . `` i 'm learning '' is one of my all-time favorites . `` love is the way '' and `` come home '' are two blazing , bumping tracks that will get you bobbing your head . then the album goes urban praise and worship on the last few tracks which is uplifting and spiritual . `` draw me nearer '' is , vocally , commissioned at its best . another one to add to the collection
this movie was good , but as usual the book was far better . i think it showed that her husband had some tendencies towards wanting to dominate his wife , which turned into full-blown abuse under the stresses of losing his job & medical license , and returning to shiite iran after decades of living in the united states . i think the book shows that he was n't this `` dream husband '' that suddenly turned into a monster . the warning signs were there all along - for example , she met him when he was her physician and he kissed her right on the treatment table - obviously , an inappropriate action . what was amazing to me is that other americans in iran did little to help betty , saying she needed to submit , what 's the problem ? etc , while it was the iranians who understood moody 's family history & reached out to help her in a real way - helping her use the phone , finding ways for her to escape the dangerous oppression of her husband , and ultimately smuggling her out of the country . the movie seems a little overblown , because , well , it 's a movie ... they dramatize things . i recommend reading the book , too , which is betty 's true story
history has not been kind to this man . perhaps it is because he was interpreted as being a `` penny pincher '' or maybe because he was a friend and admirer of adolf hitler . whatever the reason , even though he was at one time the world 's richest man , his triumph seems to have faded into the books . this book is one of them . if i had to pick a favorite book written by a successful businessman , this has to be it . does it tell you how to become a billionaire ? no . what it does teach you is how to succeed , not only financially , but as a person . it explores the creation of his own wealth , as well as valuable lessons from the construction of his vast oil empire . also , it covers the things that are greater than wealth , such as health , charity , and personality . towards the end , it also becomes a sort of social commentary , on man 's degradation of morality and kindess , on the disappearance of art and classical music from the mainstream , and on his general dissatisfaction with similar affairs at that time . it would be difficult to write a thorough review as to why you need to buy this book , because it is so unlike what you have read before . but take my word for it : you will be a better person for reading this book . it may not make you rich , but it will make you wealthy
`` enemies unseen ... fears unspoken ...... a dark wind has entered his soul '' navajo tribal police sgt . jim chee seems to be batting zero ; so far he has not been able to solve a series of seemingly unrelated crimes . in an area that was joint use land between the navaho and the hopi ( now hopi ) sgt jim chee is given the task of finding the vandal that keeps destroying a windmill placed there to make hopi life easer . he hears an airplane landing in the dark of night with no lights . the plane crashes and leaves a dying pilot . also a dead man sitting up against a rock with a note in his hand saying if you want it back contact ... sgt chee is told that it is probably drugs and federal jurisdiction . chee is not supposed to go anywhere near or have anything to do with the case . he has his own problems with the mill , a missing thief , and a mysterious ritual death . naturally he listens , and can not help it if they overlap . one of the reasons for reading hillerman 's books maybe more important than the overlying mystery is the descriptions of the area and the ways of the navaho and hopi . hillerman suggests you also read `` the book of the hopi '' by frank waters . not as intricate as the book but still fun is the movie `` dark wind '' ( lou diamond phillips as officer jim chee , fred ward as lieutenant joe leaphorn
a funny look at a dramatic world through the eyes of railway workers in a small town in wartime czechoslovakia . i enjoyed watching this movie , it really is a hopeful and humorous story about human beings in times of turmoil . this is czechoslovakia during world war ii . the nazis are officially in control , and actively imposing their bureaucracy on the nation . our protagonist is young milos hrma , whose father is a retired railway man , and spends the day sitting at home , looking at his watch , and telling everyone where each train in now . he encourages his son to find employment at the local village railway depot . easily the youngest employee at the depot , milos wants to fit in , be admired , be a man . he wears the uniform of a train dispatcher , but does n't seem comfortable in it yet . while other reviewers have mentioned young milos ' talk of wanting to have sex , which is actually quite funny in its stark honesty , much can be lost in our descriptions . this is a comedy , not a prurient display . it seems that sex is simply the path milos believes he must take to be a man . it is his naivety and honesty with his fellow railway employees that makes the whole deal such a riot . this self-created drama keeps his mind off of what is happening around him . some may be offended by this , in which case i 'd suggest you 'd probably be happier buying a thomas the tank engine dvd . milos does show himself a man ... and it has little to do with s-e-x . very worth watching ! some of the scenes are terrific -- i liked the scene where milos goes up to kiss the female conductor as the train is about to pull away and then ... oh , i wo n't ruin it for you ! it really is a funny film set in a heartbreaking time . all the more interesting that it was shot in <NUM> . reccommended for comedy buffs and railway workers everywhere . i wish that sort of exitement happened on my train ! :
this movie is incredible . it has a great way of deminstating how judgemental people that should n't be judgemental are . this movie catches your heart and you get wrapped up in it . <NUM> stars for sure . its was an incredible movi
i just figured i 'd get that out of the way . this is not the entire series as it seems most people are assuming . this is the complete collection part <NUM> . i 'm really not sure why it was done this way , but it is so i just want to make sure to avoid any confusion since there seems to be quite a bit . wolf 's rain is my single favorite anime to this day and i still watch it as much as anything else in my collection . it is the story of keba , hige , toboe , and tsume . they are wolves , a creature thought to have been hunted to extinction by humans <NUM> years ago . there is a legend that when mankind comes to an end , a paradise will decend upon the earth that only wolves will be able to attain . this is the background for the show as keba and the others meet and begin a long journey to find paradise . there are a lot of side stories thrown in to keep the viewer on edge including the wolf hunter tracking our heroes , two human scientists who eventually become caught up in the legend of wolves , and an evil empire that wants to open up paradise for their own evil intentions . eventually everything intertwines and creates the setting for one of the most powerful endings to any show i have ever seen . but in order to see the entire thing , you will either have to wait until the second half of this collection is released or buy the actual box set that does contain the entire series . either way you choose to do it , you ca n't go wrong with wolf 's rain
this is a great movie that won best picture in <NUM> and was acclaimed by both the public and the critic . oliver stone directs his first movie about vietnam ( the second was `` born on the fourth of july '' , another great movie ) telling his own experience about going to war . from the very beginning we can see everything about the military that they do n't show when they recruiting ( the ugly and painful true about the war ) . and the movie goes on an on until you see absolutely everybody completely nuts , doing drugs , killing randomly , even killing each other . this is waht war does with men . you are not a human being anymore . the movie is obviously rated r for violence , and there are some very tough scenes that make anybody cry . the toughest in my opinion is the one at the village , when they kill -among others- a mentally retarded ( and of course harmless ) young guy , and a woman . then they set the village on fire , rape some women , and get away with it . the whole cast is excellent , specially dafoe , who in my opinion nails his character . and the dvd comes with an excellent and terrific documentary called `` tour of the inferno '' ( about <NUM> minutes long ) about the film with stone , dafoe , depp , etc . talking about the movie . there is also a commentary by stone and a captain in there . this movie should be mandatory in all high schools in america . if there were no soldiers , there would be no wars , and the war in iraq looks a lot like the war in vietnam . usa is making the same mistake again , and the government is so blind to see that ( or maybe they do n't care about the people , just about the business all the weapons ' companies -bush ' frieds- are making out of it ! ) . but let 's be smart , let 's just ignore the government . they always get their way . let 's be smart and close all rotc programs from schools . how can we be so hypocrites and have those programs in schools ? is that the education we really think our children deserve ? that does not happen any other place in the world , not even in cuba . let 's invest that money on education . real education . how many trilion dollars have bush wasted in iraq so far ? how much money does the government invest on education ? on health ? for the people who live and work in america ? parents : teach your children . nobody should join the army . let the politicians -real leaders , not the bunch of idiots we have today spread all over the planet- do the job , we 'll see how many would go . let the commander in chief go to war himself . there is no question about it : there would be no war . they would n't go . they would try to negotiate , and try to solve conflicts peacefully . again , this is a great movie everybody should watch . a masterpiece that is just not that , but also makes us think , and educates us . everybody should ask themselves : war ... is it worth it ? what for ...
of course this is a fine collection . of course dizzy 's big band in the forties made some fantastic music . of course this is an indispensible part of jazz history . but oh , the sound ... previous issues of this music on both cd and vinyl far surpass this one in terms of sound quality . the dreaded nineties-era noise reduction technology is all over this music , taking great hunks of sonic elements away from these vital performances . since bluebird corrected similar problems by issuing the blanton/webster sides by duke ellington , should they not do the same for these great records
this is such a visually stunning book . i 've only made a couple of the dishes in here and they 've been good . but it 's more about the write ups on the different foods and the pictures . it makes a great gift for someone special
i think it 's awesome that you do n't have to win first place on idol to get a deal . bo is really worthy of this . he sounds fantastic
my favorite song on this record is `` subterranean homesick blues . '' i keep picturing that video in my mind of a very young bob dylan , flipping those cards to the beat of this song . `` 115th dream '' is another song with those great lyrics that only dylan can write . he is certainly a poet , there is no denying that . i love it 's alright , ma . '' but every time i hear the version on this early record , my ears subconsciously hear all the the applause that you hear erupting during the live version on `` before the flood '' when dylan shouts out , `` sometimes even the president of the united states must have to stand naked . '' that song worked then . it works now . we need a young troubador to help us find our way in these troubled times . but , i suppose nobody listened then , so i guess they would n't listen now . still , i 'd like a young dylan today raging against all the injustice that abounds
i bought this for my kids and we all learned what cops go through even without aq disaster ... lauree dash makes it so fun and exciting that we watch it over and over and over ... we know all the lines ... more fun than anythin
one of my favorite cd 's ! ! ! talent certainly comes out when they can cover an old southern rock hit like 'seven bridges road ' and do it so smoothly ! the acoustic guitars rock with rhythm and funk . i never knew firehouse to be this talented ! it sure shines out in this acoustic compilation of their most remembered hits ! being partial to modern country rock and southern rock ... i ca n't help but be doubly pleased with hearing a steel guitar added to my all time fav . by this band , `` love of a lifetime '' . this is a must have for any firehouse fan
this is essentially a grammar , but it leaves out the simple basics and continues where a school grammar would stop . it assumes that you master the hiragana and katagana alphabets , but for the kanji there is almost always a pronounciation guide . it takes time to read , as the text is concentrated , but it 's not difficult , and one gladly reads one chapter after the other . generally it 's both interesting and useful
its very rare when a sequel holds the same magical charm as its first but this sequel has done just that . if you loved the first movie , you 'll be equally pleased with this one . the original cast along with holding true to the book series makes this a must see
i agree with the reviewers who 've described this as a slow read . no argument there . but it 's also a very important 18th century work and one essential to anyone interested in the literature of the period . if you read the book with an ironical slant it 's much easier to see that there is actual humor in the often improbable situations . granted , it may not be laugh out loud humor , but it is there . the poor vicar is modeled on the biblical job , to a very exaggerated extent . it 's so exaggerated that the modern reader will likely be rolling his eyes , i know . if you 're looking for tight plot and fast pace this wo n't be your book , but those reading 18th century literature will realize the novel was much different at the beginning that it is now . you do n't read the vicar of wakefield for the plot . you read it for the study . it remains an important book
the forgotten trail is a great collection of early poco . the only major item missing from it is `` skatin ' '' , but you can get that on one of the group 's studio cds . as a person who 's been told to use music as a form of anger management , i have to say that i prefer the early country-rock poco to later pop crap like `` crazy love '' and `` call it love .
after accusing each other of infidelity , jerry and lucy impulsively decide to divorce . they have to wait until the divorce is final , but in the meantime each begins to date other people . lucy dates an oilman from oklahoma and jerry has great fun doing everything he can to ruin the romance including telling her how much she 'll like oklahoma 's night life compared to new york 's . lucy gets her revenge by pretending to be his sister when jerry dates a rich socialite . when they 're not trying to sabotage each other 's relationships , jerry and lucy are fighting over the custody of their dog , mr. smith . `` the awful truth '' is one of the funniest screwball comedies that i 've ever seen . cary grant and irene dunne are a delight as the feuding couple who truly deserve each other . there are many laugh out loud scenes in this movie - including when jerry thinks lucy is having an affair with her voice teacher and bursts in on what he thinks is the two of them ; an off-screen fight between jerry and said voice teacher ; jerry 's date with a nightclub singer , and many many more . there are plenty of double entendres and sight gags to keep you laughing . from the very beginning you know how the movie is going to end , but it 's a lot of fun getting to that ending . `` the awful truth '' is awfully funny .
`` meatballs '' is bill murray 's movie . he makes it work . from beginning to end he gives us a non-stop stream of funny lines and crazy antics . i believe we 're seeing him ( murray ) at his peak here . he 's not funny at all these days , but back in the 70s he was the funniest person in the entertainment industry , and in `` meatballs '' he is at the top of his game . i would pick bill murray ( at his peak ) over tom hanks , eddie murphy , or robin williams . the story ... your basic summer camp situation ... is brought to life and made hilarious . bill leads the way , but he does get some help . the supporting cast is actually pretty good . they were well chosen for their respective roles , and are believable and likable . chris makepeace , the `` short depressed kid we ordered '' is very effective as the sensative camper who is shunned by the other campers . jack blum , as spaz , is excellent . i think the creation of the spaz character is a stroke of movie genius , and jack makes the part work ... making me wonder if maybe he is that way in real life . kristine debell is very nice as the counselor a.l . ... very likable . bill murray handles the funny guy role ( who is actually a caring guy ) with ease . his scenes with chris makepeace are very real , very touching ... and , whether he wanted to or not , bill gave quite a bit of depth to the tripper character . the humor does , at times , cross over the line into questionable taste . for some reason though , when bill murray makes a dirty joke , we are not offended . it 's as if we know he 's only bluffing and is not really that way . personally , i think his clean material is better than that stuff , but if we want bill murray , i guess we have to take the whole package ... and we get a wide variety of humor here . but the movie is funny and entertaining ... beginning to end . and it holds up well under repeated viewing .
this was the first book i 've read by toni morrison , and it did not disappoint . the story takes place in ohio in the early 1940s - before the civil rights era , before martin luther king , jr. , and before rosa parks ever stayed seated on the bus . the story is told mainly from the focus from a young black girl about another young black in the neighborhood . the other black girl , pecola breedlove , comes from a family that is poor with a father who is an alcoholic . pecola is considered ugly and her greatest wish is to have blue eyes , as she firmly believes this will make her beautiful . naturally , the story involves much more than this , and toni morrison weaves a story that catches the reader up from the very first words and does n't release them until the final page is turned . ultimately , the idea of self-loathing is plainly seen - not just within pecola , but within an entire community , an entire race . pecola 's story is not a pleasant read , yet it is difficult not feel a tenderness for this child . she begs to be nurtured . many people who saw me reading this book told me it was a `` black '' book , but i disagree . the idea of self-loathing - either within oneself or within a community - is not specific to any one group of people , to my way of thinking . however , toni morrison has so captured the feelings and forced the reader to face them , that this book speaks to any and all who opens the pages . no child should be made to feel they are less simply because of who they are . a very moving book , highly recommended .
alice ... you are a smart christian , you tell it how you see it and you see it correct , now all you have to do is stop hanging around with that bum rob zombie . anyways , onto the album ... its great , not so melodical and not as great as the last temptation but still awesome , its heavy , deep and the lyrics leave a lasting impression . also i would like to add how great his latest album dirty diamonds is , it varies in song styles with great production and catchy tunes geniously written . just remember , god is great and alice is cooler than cool
juan luis guerra crea nuevamente canciones apasionantes , esta vez demostrando su `` vida nueva '' . el ritmo sin embargo es el mismo `` sabroso pa ' bailar '' de siempre
.... i have found that incubus ' masterpiece `` make yourself '' is much more of an obscure progressive metal album than a nu-metal album . take some deep listens into this album , and you will see that the musical progression of each song fits perfectly into the moniker of progressive metal , with a lot of funk , hip hop and nu-metal tossed into the mix . each song progresses with perfection and every note played is placed in just right . even brandon boyd 's amazing vocals are progressive , as is the concept of the album , which is making yourself out of your own ideas , thoughts and beliefs , not letting the government , authorities and the world shape what you believe and feel . the guitar riffs are intricate and amazing , as is the funky bass lines and the tight drumming . the dj adds much atmosphere and ambience to the record as well . brandon 's vocals are superb , having a wide range and deep metaphoric lyricism . i took this album for granted ever since i first picked it up , but in the new perception that i am in now , i appreciate it much more . i feel that it takes time for the true goodies hidden in the compositions of this album to come to the surface , and a face value listen wo n't reveal anything beyond a great `` nu-metal/rock/funk '' record . i think this is incubus at their finest ( which many would argue with , citing `` science '' as their best . true , i feel that science is amazing as well and shows elements of progression , but its `` make yourself '' where they reach their pinnacle ) . do yourself a favor and pick this album up , if you can get past the whole nu-metal stigma , you will find a true gem that is worth many repeated listens
this book is awesome because it teaches . i learned so much about what to look for ( and what to avoid ) while shopping . for years i thought i was `` cursed '' with an hourglass figure . then i found this book and learned that i was trying to dress as if i were built like kate moss . now , i buy the fashion magazines and look more at the shape of the clothing instead of the look it has on the model . i went from feeling dumpy and unattractive to sexy . i have been a bargain hunter for years , and the pocket stylist has helped refined my tactics . i still buy $ <NUM> shoes and $ <NUM> pairs of jeans when i come across them , but now i buy the ones that i * know * will work into my wardrobe . hello , functional closet . goodbye , `` i have nothing to wear ! '' my dislikes about this book ? it 's only pocketsized if you carry a large bag , which i do not . also , the author could be more descriptive . i have no idea what the difference is between an a-line skirt and a circle skirt , and her book does nothing to educate me on the subtleties between the two
it 's about time somebody published an inspiring photo driven book about western gardens . the sunset western garden book may be the bible for western gardeners for its wealth of information but it does not serve to inspire the way a book full of real gardens can . with more than <NUM> photos of western gardens this book should be destined to be a classic . the great thing is that it is not just a beautifully designed , coffee table type book . the text is authoritative with dozens of full page charts and it seems to have been reviewed by a who 's who of garden experts . the author suggests plants from all over the world that are adapted to a summer-dry , mediterranean climate and the photographer shows them in gardens not just close-up details . hooray for this book . we western gardeners are too often frustrated by books and gardening advice originating from other regions . this book is so beautiful it will frustrate gardeners in those other regions who will want what we now have
this book is truly helping me to understand which reactions my own behaviour will provoke and to prepare my reactions to unexpected behaviours .
get this cd ! the entire cd is a joyous experience . this is r & b soul at it 's best ......
first let me tell you , when i got this cd the only other jazz i had listened to was miles davis and that `` west coast/cool '' style . this cd opened me up to so much more . i was searching for a cd just of this type that really showcased all the different elements and styles of jazz . while most of this is the vocal type of jazz ( bille holiday , sarah vaughan , ella fitzgerald ... ) there are the instrumental types of jazz , which up in till this cd i thought was the only type of jazz . this really opened me up to the vocal side of jazz , like i may have mentioned before when i purchased this i was a jazz novice , i had heard billie holiday and the like on the radio and tv/movies ( most of the songs on the cd you will reconize ) but never really listened to them . now i find myself listening to ella fitzgerald and louis armstrong more then any other music ( and i listen to a lot of music ) . i also found a new favorite song of mine , summertime by ella and louis . i think most of these songs can be found on other cd 's so if you already own these artist cd 's then you may want to check and see if you do n't already own these songs . but if you are new to jazz like i was , then get this great compilation to start with . peace kevi
lee lessack is one of the finest singers in cabaret today . his cd stays in my player and always will . he combines ability with heart and this is truly an unusual and winning combination
my child is 1y & 6m , i found [ baby babble ] is perfect for him , as the movie start , he start watching and trying to repeat after , but sometimes he wo n't be in a mood to watch , so i have to think about the perfect time for him each day which i found that it vary from day to day
i bought this book for our store reference . my staff became hooked , the information is solid and written in a way that reads like a book built for leisure . one critique ; there could be more pictures in her book , although a cliche - a picture is worth a thousand ( descriptive ) words . i will buy more books from ms matlins , she has established herself as the definitive writer for gems and pearls . thanks for the great reading material . veronica , ali ' i jewelry - hawai
big fan of <NUM> 's ... music and culture , and most of all the movies . she 's having a baby is not just a teen movie like `` sweet sixteen '' or `` breakfast club '' . its somewhat a true newly wed story with many funny moments wishing your marriage will be like that some day . soundtrac is great with kate bush `` the woman 's work '' . my girlfriend cried and as i hand her the tisue when this song played . i told her i 'll feel the same if she were the wife . boy i got lovin that nite ... i would watch over and over again and the last credit when <NUM> 's famous star show their contribution suggesting the name for the baby , i thought it was clever .
nobody 's reviewed the remastering yet . it 's hard for me to imagine improving on the original cd . i 'm an audio geek with mixing panel seat time mastering indy music and radio shows . i have a high-end audio system , on which letter from home in its original release needed no improvement , as far as i can hear . so why remaster letter from home ? can anybody help us understand how it 's better ? ? ? ? ? pat , if you 're reading this , howzabout releasing a dvd from live shows during the letter from home time period ? i have all your cds and dvds but while cds fill up an entire shelf of my cd collection , all the dvds fit in one hand ...
i purchased this cd for the daily car trips around town when my son is with me . most every track has characters talking , giving intros to the letters and such . all very cute , very seasame street - and <NUM> % a stroll down memory lane . i 'm not sure if it 's all in mono , but most of the songs are from way way back - probably <NUM> 's and <NUM> 's . i get a kick out of it because it 's nostalgic ; and my son enjoys it because he gets to sing along and learn the alphabet
like so many of the albums i now find myself trawling for , my first copy of the slider was on good old <NUM> '' vinyl . in that original incarnation it only included the first <NUM> tracks now included on the cd release . `` thunderwing '' and `` lady '' were , if memory serves me , first aired on the b-side of the `` metal guru '' single , while `` cadillac '' ( the great single-that-never-was in my opinion ) never really seemd to find a home it was happy with . in feel it probably belongs with the sparser-sounding `` zip gun '' than with the lusher `` slider '' or `` tanx '' production . purists may argue that `` electric warrior '' is the t.rex album to own if you 're only going to have the one , but it is essentially a transitional album bridging the gap between the earlier tolkienesque folk period and the glam that followed and ends up being neither one thing nor t'other . `` slider '' lies firmly in the latter period and is as good an example of the strengths and weaknesses of marc bolan as writer and performer as you are likely to get . i can think of nobody else in the modern period who has been able to extract such a variety of results from the basic three-chord blues riff . it 's a well documented fact that bolan would have loved to be elvis , and on the strength of this perhaps he would n't have made a bad job of it . it 's too easy to treat some of the lyrics harshly , branding them `` pretentious '' or `` unintelligeable '' , ( although if it were early 20th century poetry it would be called `` hermetic '' and treated with reverence ) , but that 's what bolan was all about from first to last . t.rex are probably pretty much of an unknown quantity to most american listeners outside of `` get it on '' ( with it 's title inexplicably censored for transatlantic consumption ) . here in britain for <NUM> or so all too brief years he was the epitome of a pop star . `` slider '' more than any other album illustrates what he was about before succumbing to mccartney 's syndrome and putting the wife on keyboards
this is an excellent book . for those interested in edgar cayce and for those interested in universal mind , god , spirituality ... etc .. a very good starting place ... and a easy read .. one of my favorite books as well ..
i read some of the other reviews and thought it was kind of silly for people to try and analyze which bg album is better .... what does it really matter ? this is a great ( band ) and they create thoroughly terrific music . i happen to think that talk to la bomb is pretty fantastic , unlike anything else that is out there . let 's remember just how horrible and bad the music industry is right now and let 's just enjoy talented musicians like bg that go unnoticed for the most part , except by critics and nobody listens to them anymore either !
is this book exciting ? does a bear sh * t in the woods ? this book , a couple of bears ( and a couple of beers ) is all one needs for some great reedin ' . it kept me occupied while i await the release of fox 's & quot ; when animals attack iv & quot ; . it kept me up all night , and i ai n't takin ' viagra neither
probably one of the top <NUM> rock albums of the past <NUM> years , i still consider this to be pearl jam 's best album to date . possibly even pearl jam 's career defining album , which is unusual for a band to be at the absolute peak of their game on releasing their debut . penned and sung by eddie vedder , without a doubt one of rocks great vocalists , this album has a fair few of pj 's best-loved tracks . if you 're relatively new to pearl jam 's music , i would recommend you buy either this release or their greatest hits album , 'rearviewmirror : greatest hits 1991-2003 ' . fan favourites on this album are `` jeremy '' , `` alive '' , even flow '' and `` black '' . some tracks i rate highly would be `` alive '' , `` garden '' , `` jeremy '' and `` release '' . still , if you do n't fancy buying the album , at least download some of the tracks i mentioned . you wo n't be dissapointed . if you 're a fan of pearl jam you might also like the smashing pumpkins , soundgarden , audioslave , alice in chains , stone temple pilots or even nirvana . if you like this record i would highly recommend listening to 'siamese dream ' by the smashing pumpkins , or 'superunknown ' by soundgarden , which is apparently one of eddie vedder 's favourite albums
i had my copy of memoirs found in a bathtub confiscated by my 9th grade french teacher in <NUM> . hey , it was a <NUM> minute free reading period . i learned of kafka 's influences on this book , and their shared heritage , years later . searching for knowledge can be a treachorous endeavor . the authorities and experts ca n't always be trusted - especially when they no longer have paperwork to bolster their position
of course it deserves five stars because of the great author , knowledge of chinese culture , good characters and wonderful story . it involves the delicate balance between the old chinese customs of ancient medicine vs science , the choosing of ones own mate vs the old custom of parents making the choice . in this case , the family is not peasant but prominent , but the culture just as interesting . there is no action in this book but more of a love story . no peasants trying to survive in poverty but a cast of the entitled and a struggle of wills .
this is a fantastic cd , and track # <NUM> is an incredible piece of music . particularly for bluegrass fans , and cloggers . it 's become my favorite bluegrass cd
wicked album guys . got a pre release version of this with a blue cover and dvd and errors on the track listing due to the time limit of a couple of songs . nelly furtado guest stars on one of the songs ! this is an awesome old school politically orientated rap band who care for our planet . theve got a new album coming out soon as well . so i guess `` stay tuned
after having read this book i very much regret coming to c++ from a self-taught pascal and c background - it could have been so much easier . many introductory texts on c++ assume a background in one of the procedural languages and consequently start teaching the c subset of c++ first . this is , according to the authors ' experience , counterproductive to understanding 'proper ' c++ and programming true to it 's paradigms and design . thus they follow the radically new approach of discussing whatever ( sometimes advanced ) facilities c++ offers to solve a particular problem instead of going from one isolated language feature to the next . this leads to the somewhat unorthodox chapter sequence , which teaches the design of user types ( classes ) after introducing template functions ( a feature many seasoned c++ programmers still do n't know how to use effectively ) or even stranger : the explanation of pointers and arrays ( chapter <NUM> ) in terms of the standard library iterators and containers , which have been introduced as early as chapter <NUM> . what i particularly liked are the useful and real world examples , although the book does cover the omni-present 'hello world ' program , it otherwise fully delivers on it 's promise of teaching 'practical programming by example ' ( subtitle ) . due to this approach and the well constructed exercises at the end of each chapter the book gets the student writing non-trivial , useful programs taking full advantage of advanced c++ library features almost from day one . the authors also lead by example and show proper commenting and programming for flexibility techniques even in the smallest code fragments . this is in refreshing contrast to many an author 's crime of showing the 'quick and easy ' way first and the 'proper ' way later . if you read the design and evolution of c++ you 'll soon notice the repeated mentioning of koenig and moo as two of the key players in the development of the language . their in-depth knowledge and experience really shows in this work . although the book is mainly aimed at beginners , veteran c++ programmers can still profit from it , even if only by loosing some more bad old c habits
this was one of those tapes that you really do not want to wait to hear the rest of it . the ending is a surprise even for those of us who consider ourself mystery book master solvers .
once again it is another good read by grisham . it is hard to think what my will would be like if i get over a million dollars . i can not see leaving it to a woman in some remote southn american jungle
truly the best of ennio morricone 's music : very exciting , diverse and colorful , this cd is a great value . if you like morricone 's music , you 'll probably love arye geiman - a yet unknown , but young and promising composer , whose music is also very melodic . [ ...
the most amazing portrayal of the anne frank story that i have ever seen . keep a box ( or two ) of tissues with you and prepare to cry buckets of tears
i ordered this dvd when it first came out and i 've been enjoying it ever since . all the performances are enjoyable- some more than others , but they are all wonderful nonetheless . some of my pesonal favorites include : patti lupone bringing down the house along with mandy patinkin and bob gunton doing the song `` a new argentina '' from evita . this is definately one of my top <NUM> favorites on this dvd . anegela lansbury providing a hilarious performance in `` the worst pies in london '' from sweeny todd : the demon barber of fleet street carol channing singing the nothing-less-than inspirational `` before the parade passes by '' from hello , dolly ! yul brynner performing `` shall we dance ? '' with his co-star ( not sure of her name ) . this performance is priceless and so is that dress ! john raitt 's beautiful baritone voice soars in this song- '' hey there '' from the pajama game paul lynde delivers a ton of laughs in `` kids '' from bye bye birdie joel grey and cast perform the spectacle that is cabaret in the song `` willkommen '' . this song never gets out of your head ! gwen verdon and chita rivera- two of broadway 's top leading ladies come together and perform two wonderful songs from chicago : `` all that jazz '' and `` nowadays '' . bob fosse 's coreography can never get old and is dispalyed in this performance for your full enjoyment . jerry orbach . his death was a tragic loss to the theater . that 's why these dvd 's are so remarkable . this is another top performance- the song `` lullaby of broadway '' from 42nd street . it was this performance that inspired me to save up and go to nyc to see my very first broadway show- 42nd street . andrea mcardle and the orphans perform `` tomorrow '' and `` you 're never fully dressed without a smile '' from annie . this is just superb . there 's absolutely no flaws . betty buckley and cast perform two songs from cats- '' jellicle songs '' and the classic `` memory '' . it is stunning to watch . any performance with patti lupone in it is a gem in itself . this one- `` buenos aires '' from evita shows off her powerful set of pipes and shows the other side of the character of eva peron . bonnie franklin and cast are hilarious in the song `` applause '' from the show applause . the whole theme to the song is <NUM> % true and kind of `` hits home '' for every actor . plus , it has parodies of other classic musicals that will have you rolling on the floor in laughter if you 're a big fan of musicals . all in all , this dvd is totally worth buying ! and after you 're through with this one and have memorized all the songs , check out broadway 's lost treasures ii . i have yet to receive iii , but i am looking forward to it !
if you think you know the baseball rules completely you must read this book first ... ! it 's an excellent companion to the official rules of the game . if you love the game , you 'll love this book !
fabulous value ! the home alone movie was a great movie to be included in this box set along with the classics
i have been a huge fan of judy garland 's for years and this is one of my favorite movies of hers . even though she does n't sing in it , it wo n't matter , you will see her as an actress , which was what she wanted to be , not just a voice . it is subtle in the love story and story itself . boy meets girl , boy takes girl out to deliver milk , boy loses girl , boy finds girl , boy marries girl and boy leaves for war . vincente minnelli was the perfect choice for directing this , he uses new york as a character that works against them , but boy and girl make it through and marry . it is a lovely love story . robert walker is very sweet in it too . also judy has a crying jag in almost every one of movies , and this is the best/saddest crying scene . also look for roger edens ( her mentor ) playing the piano in the restraunt scene . it is a must for all judy garland fans and those who love a good love story
what a great movie ! ! loved it back then , love it more now ! ! a great addition to my collection !
it 's an educational book to read . my child and i like reading it together
i just wanted to say , i 'm sorry to those who gave this book a low rating . you really have missed out on some amazing things god can tell you through this book . i have read this book and it changed my life - reminded me of the real order of things and led me to a deeper listening for god 's voice . the more you listen the more you will recognize and hear it . i also have <NUM> other friends who 's lives changed after reading this book as well . i 'm talking major changes
this is traditional country music at its very best . there are great female/male duos today , but porter and dolly can really put all the emotion that the songs on this cd require . would highly recommend
i bought the book to begin clia training . this book is very basic , but covers many different aspects of the cruise industry . if you are beginning to work in cruise sales , or are just interested in cruising , i would definitely recommend it .
coppala was right out of college when he was asked to do `` finian 's rainbow '' . it had been a big hit on broadway in the <NUM> 's but predated the civil rights movement . coppala had the task of updating it for <NUM> . fred astaire is <NUM> in the title role and this was his last role dancing and singing . this was the first times since the beginning of astaire 's career that he did n't have control over the direction of his musical numbers . coppala was an inexperienced director and fired hermes pan , fred 's chorographer . he admits that it was his fault that fred 's big number in the film did n't come out the way should . petula clark is wonderful as astaire 's daughter . tommy steele who was also in `` the happiest millionare '' and `` half a sixpence '' plays a part typical of his personality . there is very little chemistry between petula clark and her love interest , dan franck . plot : finian ( astaire ) is an irishman that steals a pot of gold from og ( tommy steele ) . he heads torainbow valley , which is right next to fort knox , kentucky , where he thinks burying the gold will multiply his riches . he meets some people , woody and silent sue , and gives them money to save their land from the bigot senator ( keenan wynn ) . in return he wants part of their land to secretly bury the gold . og follows finian to get his gold back . he is turning into a mortal because he has lost his pot of gold . meanwhile , finian 's daughter ( petula clark ) is falling in love with a local , woody ( dan franck ) . nicely restored with great special features . includes a commentary with coopala that actually has a mini documentry before it . featurette is the world premere with interviews with the stars
this film is deeply intense . there is often silence that is thick with meaning . the camera often tells much of the story , honing in on the actors and actresses faces ... the spartan rooms ... the city scapes/ scenes ... the commotion of workers going to and from work ... the riots , protests and rebellions ... the crowds of people at the railroad station in shanghai . the film begins in shanghi in <NUM> where cynthia ( zhang ziyi ) a chinese young lady has a love affair with itami ( toru nakamura ) a japanese young man whose father is part of a japanese delegation who lived in shanghai , seeking political opportunity to destabilize the region . times are tense , the atmosphere is ripe for political change and explosive events ... itami is called back to japan to serve in the military and their brief but very passionate love affair is cut short . the film is impressionistic and surreal in how it portrays events and relationships . there are clandestine organizations at work , and it is not often clear who is involved in what until some complicated twist and turn in the plot occurs to reveal the truth . early in the film , cynthia 's brother is ambushed by a japanese underground group . he is murdered before her eyes . this causes her to join the `` deep purple '' a clandestine chinese revolutionary group who try to bring about justice for china and eliminate the japanese threat . zhang ziyi does an outstanding performance in this serious role . after witnessing her brother 's murder , she takes on a false identity , hui deng , a nurse who works at marion hospital . hers is a stellar performance along with itami played by toru nakamura . hui deng participates in an assassination at the railroad station where szeto , a chinese agent of deep purple , loses his lady love , accidentally killed in the crossfire . he is also given a briefcase by mistake which puts him in the middle of some very serious problems . szeto becomes heavily embroiled in the activities of deep purple against the japanese but he falls into a trap which puts his life at risk . he is in a very precarious position . he makes a deal , it saves his life but ulitimately because of the direction he went ... he ends up losing it . itami returns to shanghai to take over as the leader of the japanese movement . he is replacing mr. yoshikawa who is being recalled to japan . itami is managing the upheaval and creating more dissension and rioting , through his spy network and underground operations . the japanese want to control shanghai . cynthia again enters itami 's life and becomes personally involved renewing their love affair but with ulterior motives . however , itami is not who he used to be and neither is cynthia the same person she was . unknown to itami , she is now an assassin and revolutionary . itami asks cynthia to return to tokyo with him , he even arranges for legal authorization with his boss . itami and cynthia attend a party at the japanese club , where they dance to a very haunting and beautiful chinese tune , called `` a garden bridge '' . the events which transpire at the party are jaw-dropping . the twists and turns of the plot are unpredictable and very satisfying . the ending will astonish the viewer ... at the very end of the film , there is actual black and white film footage of the japanese invasion of shanghai around <NUM> which brings * full * closure on the film . this is a most astonishing complex story with exceptionally artistic cinematography and great acting . erika borsos [ pepper flower ]
i find this book very easy to read . it is fraught with valuable , profound , substantial insights . it will rapidly acquaintance people who are not yet familar with mba topics and it will solidify the knowledge of veterans in these issues . so , either way you win . also , even though this book is intended mainly for service providers ( doctors , lawyers ) , it can be easily extrapolated to any managerial work at whatever stage . dr jusuf hariman , manuscript assessor , fellowship of australian writers
what a great return from a group that bent the <NUM> 's on their ears , video masters ! solo or together , they rock the world and always will ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! danny mmetuchek @ hotmail.co
when you listen to a cd , why do you listen to it ? simply because it sounds cool , or you enjoy how it relaxes you , or it fits a certain atmosphere ? if that 's how you listen to cd 's , do n't bother getting this album . i would n't want you to . this album is best enjoyed by those who listen to something because they get the feeling inside of it . i do n't know why so many people here call this album pop and lighthearted . i completely disagree . the lyrics are not particularly dark , as opposed to maybe , lyrics from alice in chains ' `` dirt '' , but they are n't exactly happy either . i absolutely love them . `` sleep spent '' is a great song . there is a lot more to this album than everyone seems to let on . the key to dcfc 's music is that it takes a lot of listening before you actually get it , and the emotional value begins to sink in . i have been listening for three years , and just in the last six months or so , has the meaning of their music , the emotion behind it , the depression , sadness , and confusion finally begin to show themselves through the tone of ben 's voice and the guitar riffs . i 'm not suggesting this is a depressing album , in fact it 's rather comforting . most of their albums are .
no you 're not seeing things . it is rhapsody in all their excess and you know what ? it sounds pretty good . not sure of the reason for the name change but it seems to have made them less hyper and more melodious ( if that 's possible ) . plenty of medieval melodies , soaring vocals , backing choirs and of course , bombast . not unlike luc turilli 's two new separate releases sans the female lead vocalists , but not quite as good . for fans of therion , dreamquest , epica
i thought while reading this book how thoroughly done it was . i thought about how much i loved all in the family , how connected i felt to each character , how i identified with mike , gloria , edith and even archie . how real it was to me . when a piece of literature , brings back all of those feelings and memories , it is something to remember . pictures , stories , archie-isms and an episode guide are just a few things that make up this book . i recommend it to all archie bunker fans and haters alike . this book is one of the best documentations of characters you love to hate , that i have ever come across
really nice book for night and low light photografy . step by strep approach , great examples , really wonderfull photos . i think that it will make me a better photographer . the only thing is missing is one chapter for digital photography ( to be honest i am a amateur photographer that i have shot only with sony cybershot f-717 and lately with nikon d70 ) but i give <NUM> stars because all the technics the author gives ( apart from the ones related to film section ) are applicable in the digital world as well
i bought these for my daughter aged <NUM> , but i have found that both my <NUM> and <NUM> year are obsessed with these dolls . its <NUM> months now since i gave them to her , and still ( beyond one very beneficial christmas ! ) they return time and time again to hours of play with the paper dolls . needless to say , playing with the paper dolls then leads to hours of dressing up themselves like the brides ..
after attempts to research how to build an earth oven , this was the only good literature i found on the subject
i have been a fan of sting ever since i was in college . i actually got to see him in person in the late <NUM> 's . i have just about every cd he has ever put out so when this one did i ran right out and bought it . every song on it is great and it is one of my most favorite cd 's i own .
this book collects a series of boris ' paintings , plus a few very detailed pencil drawings , done between <NUM> and <NUM> . if you 're not already familiar with boris ' work - well , you probably are whether you know it or not . he has done years work of book covers for edgar rice burroughs , as well as reams of posters . the one constant through all his work is passion for the human form and human power , both male and female . these paintings range from the lush and sensual to humorous or macabre . a hookah come to life has a demonic presence , but a bar of soap come to life ( and licking the bather ) is more charming and a little silly . even the simplest pictures have overtones - that bather is truly a beautiful woman , leaving me just a little envious of such close contact . maybe not envious either , but off in thoughts of my own . and the preface is right , 'erotic ' is much too simple a word for all the different feelings and combinations of feelings that come from having or holding a strong , healthy body . my only complaint is a sameness in the female figures presented . the faces are beautiful , long and elegant , but mostly the same . the figures - the one figure , really is beautiful , but i value the uniqueness of a figure and the differences between figures . cloning can serve a narrative purpose , certainly , but sameness wears . even the loveliness of danielle anjou , acknowledged as a principal model and collaborator , wears . boris is the master of the figure in fantasy art , and has been for many years . this is a great sample from an earlier time in his career . it 's almost impossible not to like . //wiredweir
wow.what a series.it tackles all types of uncannily real situations and people.this is a real human show and left me feeling the entire gamma of feelings : crying , laughing , anger , etc.i love the family represented in six feet under and find myself talking about them and their situations with my girlfriend as if they were real people.this show reflects life so well.if you have n't watched this yet you are in for a treat.i 'm saving up for the complete series.i found that we had to ration ourselves to <NUM> episodes a night so it would last.i love the fishers and keith ... and brenda ... 6fu is the best series of them all and i 'm an owner and big fan of deadwood,24 , the sopranos , curb your enthusiasm
immediately upon starting dickens ' `` our mutual friend , '' i was struck by parallels with dumas ' `` the count of monte cristo . '' both big novels revolve around a powerful character who conceals his identity in a complicated plot to obtain social justice . the count deals with the darker theme of revenge . our mutual friend is an exploration of the corrupting influence of wealth . the novel is lively throughout , as dickens displays his tremendous diversity of writing talents . the tone ranges from heavily ironic criticism of upper-class politics and antisemitism , to delicate romance , to witty visual humor . the characterizations are highly original ; even those at the extremes of vice and virtue display engaging ideosyncracies . most impressive to me was the consistency of dickens ' plot . our mutual friend was written and published in installments , as was the count of monte cristo . but dickens keeps his story on track throughout , never dropping a character , while dumas ' tale is full of gaps and inconsistencies
wes craven , the man who has written , directed , produced , or edited more than <NUM> television and feature films such as & quot ; last house on the left & quot ; , & quot ; swamp thing & quot ; , & quot ; a nightmare on elm street & quot ; , and the recent & quot ; scream & quot ; trilogy , is finally revealed here in the popular & quot ; the directors & quot ; series . wes speaks highly and thoroughly about the making of his films , but keeps quiet about his personal life which he has always done and i respect . though , it is very informative about his feature films , this dvd neglects to mention almost none of his television work like the new & quot ; twilight zone & quot ; of the <NUM> 's and his short lived & quot ; nightmare cafe & quot ; series . any fans of & quot ; the people under the stairs & quot ; will be sorley disappointed as they pretty much mention the title then move onto & quot ; wes craven 's new nightmare. & quot ; what can you expect , they had to squeeze <NUM> films into one hour . other than that the dvd is great . wes craven fans should check it out
stay far away from the sequel , but watch this one . it was definitely worth the money spent on this . people offended by this movie had no lives or no other current events to spew hateful remarks at . why , or who , would not want to see santa kill off people ? this is a society who watches leprachauns , snow men , scarecrows and god knows what else kill people for entertainment . but this movie puts all the others to shame and stands out to me as a truly unique and enjoyable experience .
this is a unique and hilarious book on <NUM> models that the author , adrian slywortzky , presents for improving the profitability of a company . the author methodically presents an insightful story in each chapter enabling the reader to gain an appreciation of the <NUM> models through parables and hilarious stories . the author did a good job of transforming a rather dry subject into something interesting which both the veteran in accounting and the novice will find enjoyable and enlightening . the reader is made to reflect and think about their business which makes the book unique and useful . as soon as i got the book , i swallowed it in three days and i have to admit that it was extremely tasty and satisfying . this is a useful book for all people running businesses and those intending to do so .
i laughed ..... i cried ........ i wrote bad checks ! ! ! ! fun movie ! ! ! my kids and i have really enjoyed it
without a doubt the captain 's most commercial and publicly attainable album . this makes it the perfect place to start or to back off to when you need a break from avant gaurd . the most prominent feature on the production is , of course , the muddy water , pigpen growl of a voice that is the genius beefheart . his delta blues mannerisms are evident throughout the album , especially in the bluesy and semi uptempo `` sure enough and yes i do '' ; ry cooder covering the slide part extremely well . this is certanly blues , but not as we have all come to know and love it . the ryhthm section of the magic band truly shine on this recording . the bass and percussion breakdowns of `` zig zag wanderer '' and `` abba zabba '' are absolutely phenomenal . proof that you do n't need to show off and squese as many notes as possible into each second to sound great . cooder does an excellent job and certanly shows his influence as well . the rest of the magic band pull together to make a good , straight ahead ( at least for them ) album . `` call on me '' is an interesting little pop number in the style of otis redding . it 's one of the low points on the album , but that 's not saying much . this fades directly into the in-your-face blues-rock romp of `` dropout boogie '' . the lines-you wan na do what-i told you what and n ' what about after that-always get stuck in my head for a while . the little instrumental dittle , ding da ding da ding , you know , that part , is pretty damn cool aswell . `` i 'm glad '' always reminds me of a zappa and the mother 's song ( in a good way ) the thumping-hardhitting `` electricity '' is a favorite of mine . the high pitched voice covering the lines- high voltage man kisses night to bring the light to those who need to hide their shadow deed etc.-are extremely well done . this song starts out a couple of my favorite songs on the album , including the phycadelic `` yellow brick road '' and the amazing `` abba zabba '' . `` plastic factory '' does remind me of pigpen and the dead playing electric blues like big boss man or smokestack lightning . i was surprised to see that others had heard this connection , but it only makes sense . this is considered a compliment to the captain because the dead with pigpen were absolutely unstoppable . beefheart is a better harmonica player and has a better style and deliverance , but pigpen combined with the dead certainly stand up quite well to this album on alot of occurances . `` grown so ugly '' has kind of the same effect , but it leans much more toward the led zeppelin side of things . `` autumn 's child '' and `` where there 's woman '' are great phycadelic blues ballads that wrap up the album . that ends the original brilliant album entiteled safe as milk , but i think the bonus songs truly add something to the album , especially `` safe as milk '' . alot of these songs , or alternate versions of these songs are featured on the mirror man sessions , i may be hungry but i sure ai n't weird , and strictly personal ( i recommend these as well ) . they were all originally going to be on a double album called `` plain brown wrapper '' and would be better in this form . these song 's are the captian 's beginings into wierd phycadelia and add alot to the straight ahead feel of the original album . they show a true progression towards trout mask and lick my decals off , the pinnicle of beefheart and the magic band 's work . overall this is the perfect album for a begginer or long time fan who needs a break from the sometimes esoteric music of later albums
this is the greatest piece of music i have ever heard . out of my <NUM> cds , i listen to it the most . it is great to work out to , to drive to , to do anything to . i 've been listening to it for <NUM> years and still find sneaky little percussion nuances that i did n't realize were there . everything else by talking heads and byrne solo , while still brilliant , is not on the same plane . hilarious lyrics , irresistable grooves , totally original songwriting , white hot rhythm , a masterpiece . when was the last time a song made you feel angst ridden and ecstatic at the same time ? `` something ai n't right '' does .
i loved this book ! it was written in email form and frankly i love reading email and being sneaky and reading other 's email is quite fun as well so reading this book was a little guilty pleasure ! it is about a woman who finds neighbor passed out and then her 'nephew ' comes to take care of her pets while the neighbor is in coma in hospital . turns out the nephew isnt really the nephew but a friend the nephew made help him out because he didnt want to help his aunt . the woman has emails from her friends in there , coworkers as well . it is really a fun quick read .
i just recently came out as a madonna fan after seeing the confessions tour . i had so much fun , that i went back and bought all her other live dvds . this one has a great look . i love how she designs each song . i appreciate the theatrical side of her . some great performances here too
my <NUM> year old son and i stumbled across this book in the library and i immediately knew we had to have our own copy . the poem that constitutes the text of this book is simple and timeless . the illustrations are breathtaking . each painting depicts the same train at the crossing , the various townspeople waiting at the crossing and the contents of the freight cars . my son loves inventing 'conversations ' between the people waiting for the train to pass . a lovely book that is a nice addition to any child 's library
its kind of hard to base your opinion on this movie because its real life , there are a whole lot of kids in the world exactly like this , so if you like to see the life of kids in the real world i would watch this movie . of course not every kid acts like tha
i ca n't say enough good things about this movie . i watch a lot of anime , but i have to say this is the most well animated movie i 've seen . you completely forget you 're watching a cartoon . the characters just come to life . all of their subtle movements make them seem like real people . especially hana the transvestite . she was animated with so much attention to detail . it 's so incredible ! and then there 's the story . three homeless people find an abandoned baby and go out searching for the mother . these characters show so much heart and you really find yourself caring for them . and each of their situations for why they 're homeless are all so real . so then they find the mother and then there 's a huge twist in the story which i wont give away . i 'll just say the ending is a miracle . fantastic movie
the giant jam sandwich is written by the same author as cloudy with a chance of meatballs . the pictures are cute and engaging . this story is easy to follow and readily lends itself to be used as a `` think-a-loud '' . what a great catalyst for simple writing activities for the k - <NUM> classroom . i am very pleased with my purchase
jason scott lee is gorgeous . all the rest is commentary
9-11 was meticulously planned out by our government . if people do not believe me , go read and study that day like it was your babay and you 'll find the truth . i was a bit skeptical at first as well . now my eyes are open to the totalitarian states that we live in . this is n't the united states of america , this is the beginning of a new world order . do n't believe me , we 'll probably never know , because we 'll be spoonfed our news on the war in iraq by the corporate media that controls and censors what we see and do n't see ! do n't think so ? you , along with millions of other ignorant idiots who choose to follow the war in iraq by watching cnn ( censored news network ) , or fauxnews . it pains me that people still do n't realize that there is no fight for democracy in iraq . its a fight for imperial ambitions , we need iraq for oil , and to set up a puppet government so it does n't scare israel , our ultra conservative evangelical christian politicians can sleep better knowing their holy land is out of the hands of `` radical muslim fundamentalists . '' no one will know until people actually open up a damn book and read for yourself , instead of relying on `` experts '' who `` know '' what is going on . i thought we were intelligent people , us americans ? most of you ca n't even figure out wat the problem really is . its our corrupt government
this is an excellent book ! i just got it in the mail and i 've been reading , the directions and pictures go well together and it 's easy to understand . excellent book ! and the pictures are beautiful ! i ca n't wait to see what my first necklace turns out like
this book , like mccreight 's other books on working metals , divides the subject into easily digestible portions and treats each topic separately ( often on a separate page ) with a short discussion . line drawings help clarify important points . the focus is on the tools , materials , and techniques of lost wax casting , but also covers sand casting , the use of flexible molds , using the services of a foundry , and other topics of concern to the studio metalsmith . it 's a great reference tool if you need to look up the proper sequence to use in a particular technique , or a formula for making your own crucibles . learning to cast almost requires hands-on instruction , and this book alone can not provide that . but if you 're already familiar with casting , it 's a wonderful reference
this is a worthy and ambitious debut novel about the barbadian immigrant experience in brooklyn , new york , by a little known african-american author , whose own parents emigrated from barbados during world war i . the author herself grew up in brooklyn . she attended brooklyn college , graduating phi beta kappa in <NUM> , a time when most americans , much less a black woman , did not attend college . this drive to succeed is a testament to her barbadian heritage . it is from that heritage that the author drew in creating her characters and developing their rich mix of personalities , as she re-created the early barbadian immigrant experience in post-depression era brooklyn . the book focuses on the boyces , a nuclear family consisting of silla , the ambitious , hard working , ever striving mother , deighton , her charming , pie-in-the-sky dreamer of a husband , and their two daughters , ina , the older and more passive one , and selina , the bright , rebellious one . the novel follows the fortunes of the boyce family from the late 1930s until shortly after word war ii . it tells of their lives , their hopes , and their dreams . the book beautifully details the experience of the early barbadian immigrants in brooklyn and their adjustment to their new environment . they brought with them their own ideas , their own ways of doing things , and a work ethic that is hard to beat . quite frankly , barbadians revitalized areas of brooklyn that were dormant . theirs was an almost traditional immigrant experience , but for the racism that they were to encounter here . still , they did not allow that to stand in their way from getting ahead and going for the american dream . this book neatly encapsulates that immigrant experience through the boyce family . one gets a very good sense of what the experience of the barbadian immigrant was like through the interactions of the boyce family with others in their community , as well as with each other . while silla boyce typifies the barbadian community in terms of goals and work ethic , dreams and desires , with its focus upon material acquisition , her husband , deighton , does not . their separate dreams and desires conflict and act as a catalyst for a tragedy that would mar intra-familial relationships . it is also a coming of age story , as selina struggles to find her place in the new society and rich community her people are creating . she also struggles to find her place in the larger community , as well , stepping out of the insular one into one where racism is a factor . she is also interested in exploring her roots and heritage . still , being who she is , the reader believes that selina will not founder . though selina would hate to admit it , she is the one who is most like her mother , a fact of which she is not cognizant throughout most of the novel . she is truly her mother 's daughter , in thought and deed . this is a richly satisfying novel . the author captures the `` bajun '' way of speaking in all its rich , expressive cadence . while some may find this `` bajun '' dialect , which is interspersed throughout the novel , difficult to follow or distracting , it is this richness of language that give this book its very distinctive feel . moreover , while the author may sometimes get too bogged down with overly descriptive detail , she paints a vibrant picture of a segment of society that has too long been ignored in literature . those who like reading about the immigrant experience will enjoy this book , as will those who are interested in discovering worthy authors that have receded from public memory .
i knew i had to buy this cd . i was <NUM> when force mds came on the scene in '84 , and their music was the soundtrack of my young adulthood . listening to their beautiful voices remind me how much i detest post <NUM> music . this cd is a must for anyone who wants to hear what great harmonies sounded like back in the '80s
i am really tired of watching `` sixth sense genre '' movies where dead people hang out with alive through out the movie and at the end give obvious creepyness . this movie also has a dead sister hanging out with the other alive one and at the end gives the chilling creepyness . but the originality of this movie is there is no ghosts ; the dead sister is only a creepy imagination of psyco sister that is still alive . actually i enjoyed more watching two sisters taking care of eachother . they are adorable together . i think i am gon na keep this movie .
our family has loved this book through three kids - both boys & girls . now our family refers to each other as daddy bear , momma bear , brother bear , sister bear . it is a fun , sweet book for little ones . toddlers will relate
for his `` 2nd '' solo album ( even though this as well as `` life in <NUM> '' have guests on most to all of the songs ) , jd did a good job . i 'm not a huge fan of his but this album is solid . guests are mostly to thank for that , as well as some great production ( that he always seems to pull off ) . of the <NUM> songs on here ( it does have a lot of skits/interludes ) <NUM> is a classic , <NUM> or <NUM> are near classics , <NUM> are ok , <NUM> i skip , and the rest are good . for those who have heard jd before , you know what to expect , songs about women and flashing and flautin his money , nothing new . production is also good , jd takes part in <NUM> of the songs ( he produces <NUM> and co-produces <NUM> ) and swizz beats & neptunes each do a song . i 'd recommend this album for his fans or fans of that kind of rap . # <NUM> - <NUM> ( classic -- great beat -- f/ ludacris -- also onone of his albums ) # <NUM> - <NUM> ( f/ ugk & manuel seal ) # <NUM> - <NUM> ( f/ boo , gotti , usher , r.o.c . ) # <NUM> - 9.5 ( f/ jadakiss & a good hook from freeway -- nice beat ) # <NUM> - 8.5 ( f/ nate dogg ) # <NUM> - <NUM> ( f/ bilal ) # <NUM> - 9.5 ( great beat -- f/ manish man ) # <NUM> - 8.5 ( f/ nate dogg , r.o.c. , trey lorenz , katrina -- nice beat ) # <NUM> - <NUM> ( f/ clipse -- also on their `` lord willin '' album ) # <NUM> - <NUM> ( f/ jagged edge -- great beat and story ) # <NUM> - 7.5 ( f/ kurupt , field mob , eddie cain , backbone ) # <NUM> - 5.5 ( f/ da brat & kandi ) # <NUM> - <NUM> ( f/ xscape ) jermaine dupri -- b . 9/23/73 -- atlanta , ga check all my review
a book on style that starts from the inside -- yes , please ! it 's great to feel good in your clothes , but that 's frosting on the cake . to feel beautiful inside and out takes so much more than a great scarf or well-cut jacket ( fabulous as those are ! ) , and this book is one of the very few that truly recognizes that . it 's a shame that some people spend a huge amount of time and money on trying to perfect their outer image without realizing that there are people who feel ( and are ! ) beautiful in thrift-store clothes and there are people wearing clothes from vogue and w who feel flawed and ugly . this book goes much deeper than many books on style , and for that reason it 's a fantastic addition to the books that focus only on fashion tips
<NUM> % of the tracks on this cd are great . takes you back to all the first times you saw the new bond film . great insert , nice cd
sometime not too long ago , bireli lagrene decided to stop running away from his god-given talent to play exactly as django reinhard , and instead embrace it . this record is in my opinion far better than gypsy project , which suffers from some highly irritating violin playing . for some viciously swinging gypsy jazz featuring bireli 's astounding lines , i recommend move ! as well as the even better routes to django , recorded when bireli was <NUM> years old .
this is a standard play in our home . my kids love the way the character 's repeat each spanish sentence after luis , bob , maria and the muppets . the songs are catchy and infectious . we love to listen to this one in the afternoon , and after a lively session of sing along and dancing , it 's off for naptime ! buy the video too , it 's fun and festive and will give your little ones a taste of spanish culture . a must have for every elmo and sesame street fan
this album is battling to become my favourite sugababes album . it is in competition with three , which is magnificent . this album , the last with mutya , has some of their finest songs to date and some brilliant production and lyrics . at only <NUM> tracks long ( <NUM> if you have the uk bonus track , which i do n't ) , it seems short , but packs a lot into those <NUM> tracks . my rundown : <NUM> . push the button ( 9/10 ) the lead single of the album , this was no.1 in the uk for <NUM> ( i think ? ) weeks . it 's immediately catchy and very easy to sing along to . keisha leads most of the song , with mutya and heidi singing the verses . fun , upbeat with a saucy video . <NUM> . got ta be you ( 9/10 ) another upbeat song , this is really catchy , with a repetitive chorus that you would expect to get boring , but somehow it does n't . the first time i played this , i was like 'boooooring ' but now i love it , it 's a lot of fun to sing along to . the girls share vocals out throughout the song . <NUM> . follow me home ( 10/10 ) this ballad is reminscient of songs from three like `` caught in a moment '' , `` too lost in you '' and `` sometimes '' . that , my friends , is a very good thing . this song is beautiful and moving - i absolutely love the chorus , it 's amazing ! heidi is absolutely brilliant on the middle <NUM> , and mutya and keisha do the remainder of the song well . one of my favourites ! <NUM> . joy division ( 9/10 ) another upbeat song , this song is slightly strange with peculiar lyrics music . it 's catchy with singable bits throughout . i do n't know why it 's called `` joy division , '' they do n't mention those words anywhere in the song . anyway , a good song , if strange . <NUM> . red dress ( 7/10 ) this is the babes new single and first single with amelle . i wish it was n't and that they had chosen something else , this is one of my least favourite tracks on the album . i do n't know why , but this song is bland and uninteresting to me . the chorus is slightly catchy though , and amelle does improve the song somewhat . <NUM> . ugly ( 8/10 ) this song is probably my other least favourite . the babes christmas single , this reached no.3 . i loved it on the first listen , but after repeated plays , it has gotten boring . `` ugly '' has a brilliant message behind it about accepting people as they are and not judging people by their looks , but to me , it 's bland and boring . but it 's mutya 's last single with the group , so good on it . <NUM> . it ai n't easy ( 9/10 ) the shortest track on the album , clocking in at 3:05 , this is fast paced and upbeat . the chorus is really catchy , and gets caught in your head instantly . before you know it , the song is over ! but that 's a good thing , it keeps your attention with it 's short length . <NUM> . bruised ( 9/10 ) this song is incredibly cool , it 's very chilled out and relaxed , until keisha starts singing the bridge . this song is another catchy one , and i like singing along to the chorus , which heidi leads . another very cool track . <NUM> . obsession ( 10/10 ) i did n't even know this song was a cover until recently . but even if it is , it 's brilliant ! the lyrics are kinda random , about being obsessed with somebody , but the girls ' vocals are really cool . very catchy with great music . <NUM> . ace reject ( 10/10 ) this song is wonderful ! heidi 's middle <NUM> is absolutely brilliant , her vocals and the lyrics are just amazing . the song takes almost <NUM> minutes to get to the chorus , it 's a different format of song then just verse-bridge-chorus-verse-bridge-chorus-middle 8-chorus . very cool song , with a catchy chorus ( when it finally kicks in ) . <NUM> . <NUM> hearts ( 10++++/10 ) this is it ! the very last track on the album is my absolute favourite . this song is absolutely , utterly amazing . heidi leads the majority of the song , singing the first verse , first bridge and leading the chorus , whereas mutya sings the second verse and keisha sings the middle <NUM> . this song is so beautiful - full of amazing instrumentals ( especially the ending ) and a wonderful chorus with great lyrics - `` <NUM> you 's , <NUM> me 's , <NUM> minds to please '' is just one line . i absolutely & lt ; <NUM> this song so much , one of my favourite babes songs ever ! overall , the album 's quality of songs is amazing , apart from two songs , the rest is high quality and brilliant . a great 4th album , look forward to more from the babes with amelle
for me , there have always been those bands where i like them but can only listen to a few of the songs because of the lead singers voice . this would include maroon <NUM> , billy talent , and clap your hands say yea . while i applaud these bands for being unique , it is hard to listen to an entire cd of it . hot hot heat is one of the only exceptions i have ever had . i can listen to their cd 's over and over and not have to stop after the 3rd or 4th track . while anything can become irritating , it takes hot hot heat quite a while to get to me . i am also not a huge fan of these new english bands like snow patrol and arctic monkeys , but yet again hot hot heat has something that just sticks with me . i recommend this cd as well as make up the breakdown . very good , upbeat songs that you will enjoy full-heartedly on a car ride home
i 'm always looking for good prog rock , experimental etc ... whatever you want to call it . been listerning since the late <NUM> 's early <NUM> 's to everything from zappa , van der graaf , pfm , genesis , t-heads , yes .... you get the drift . bought this cd ( like many others i 've bought ) just to try something new . my first impression after a few tunes was ... guess this ones gon na be collecting dust ! but , i stuck to it and listened to the whole cd with an open mind . a lot of little things , quirky things , odd things jumped out at me ... some cool melodies , guitar riffs , moments of dissonant chaos followed by structure . music that i honestly ca n't say i 've heard , or imagined before . wow ! this album has grown on me . i 've already bought <NUM> more or their previous releases and am looking forward to giving in to the unusual and addicting music that is deerhoof
as a u2 fan since the beginning , this is a book i will cherish . although the `` i '' is friend/photographer , anton corbijn .... you will feel like it 's your own photo album . taking you via pictures ( and corbijns personal notes ) , through the years of u2 the baby boy , to u2 all grown and on their own ... and in a league of their own . as many times as people have said `` a must have '' , i truly have to tell u2 fans to buy this book ! ! ! even if you only love it half as much as i do ; - )
book was brand new . ca n't wait to take it on vacation with me
old school . if you have a teen into rap this is a great alternative to `` show the pups '' how it was done before all women were treated as dirt in videos and and gangsters were hero 's . the topic is party . the beat is rap/rock and it the `` boys '' influenced many of todays artists . and the infamous brass monkey song is still hot hot hot . if you 're a fan of any rap or roc or a parent that wants to add some depth to your teen 's gangster heavy library-head to the old school kind of cool and you will find music you can both live with
according to the authors , `` this book tells the inside story of justhow disney 's success was achieved -- not by epiphanic flashes ofcreative insight that produced a pinocchio or a dumbo , but by the forceof a much-considered , carefully wrought process of managing innovationand creativity and by an adherence to a firmly system of beliefs . `` the material is organized within <NUM> chapters , followed by an epiloguein which the authors observe that the integration and interplaybetween and among the ten principles they have examined can be ofsubstantial benefit to other companies . the `` dream , believe , dare , and do process '' does indeed have all manner of potentialapplications for companies in industries wholly unrelated toentertainment . there must be dreams to believe in and courage topursue those dreams . those who share my high regard for this book areurged to check out warren bennis ' organizing genius , one of whosechapters focuses on the disney team which produced snow white and theseven dwarfs .
the only thing that would be better matthew would be if it had the footage of michael jordan squealing the tires on his mercedes and pouting after he was fired from the washington wizards . better yet would be if it had footage of him cheating on his wife with porn stars - or writing the payola checks for them to shut up ! you are right - excellent video
i really think this movie is great , but i do n't think most people would . the love story between jeremy davies and milla jovovich is just so sweet and quiet . to be honest , i think that was the best thing about the movie , the realtionship of these two characters that was so moving . this movie just portrays the fragility and emotional complexity of people so beautifully
if you are familiar with greg brown , you probably are familiar with this release . if you do n't have it , get it and treat yourself to an experience that take you on a journey of loves lost and loves to come . for those who are curious about greg 's work , this is an excellent place to start . there is not a bad cut here , and in particular , & quot ; dream cafe & quot ; , & quot ; spring wind & quot ; and & quot ; laughing river & quot ; are a trio of songs that somehow work some sort of magic into allowing me to see into life a bit deeper for a period of time . two other releases that go along well with this are & quot ; further in & quot ; and & quot ; the poet game. & quot
i purchased this book and was able to read it cover to cover in just a few days . glenn shepard has created a wonderful step-by-step guide that i consider a must read for every small-business owner and manager or supervisor . as a national workshop leader glenn combines his own experience as a business owner with the experiences and research from more than 100,000 managers from forture <NUM> companies and small businesses alike . the author writes in a very straight forward manner -- and i like how he does not pull punches with addressing difficult employee behavior issues . practical and informative -- i will require all my managers to read
i have had different cat videos and dvd 's over the years and usually my cat , tippy , gets bored after a day or two . i have had this dvd for two months and tippy still watches it regularly . also , there is a loop feature . the other day i left the dvd on the loop feature and it kept tippy entertained while i left for work . i highly recommend this dvd if you love your cat
what could you say about lionel richie when he started his career with the commodores and later solo . all fourteen songs were written by him which were all chart toppers of its time . let alone his music crossed genres over to country from pop / r & b tunes . only those in relationships that 's worth fighting for will find this lp of all love songs pleasurable . this has feelings and depths with the arrangements and vocal range of lionel
the book i read is a pretty fun book ! the book my side of the mountain by jean craighead george is a book where a boy runs away from the city to the mountains . he finds out how to live . later he gets a pet falcon and names it frightful . soon he finds a man , but he thinks he 's a bandit , then he becomes friends with the man . the boy , sam , finds out he 's a professor . he 's good at making jam too . before the winter he has halloween with the animal friends he has made , and invites them to his house inside a tree , but it does n't turn out well after the party . sam kills some deer and rabbit to make clothes for the winter . he wears the rabbit 's fur as underwear because it 's waterproof . after the winter his parents and sister come to visit him , but they are going to live in a cabin instead of his tree house , so he gets angry but later calms down . i think the writer wants the reader to try running away . i like it because i think i would try running away in the mountains to see what happens . i highly recommend this book for both parents and kids to read .
with the founding father of r & b groups new edition doing the solo thing in the early nineties and boyz ii men still a year or so away , troop was the premire r & b group of <NUM> . the songs spread my wings , all i do is think of you and i will always love are some of the best songs to come out of early <NUM> 's r & b and the boys earned their spot in r & b in my opinion
paul reiser steps away from the standup comedy spotlight to write a warmly humorous and gently tender story about family - what we see and what we do n't see , what we expect and what surprises us . the thing about my folks does n't set any new standards for film , but it is a fine little story well told that reminds us about the significant bonds that family represents . sam kleinman ( peter falk ) has been a workaholic , at times pushing his wife muriel ( olympia dukakis ) , his daughters ( mackenzie connolly and lydia jordan ) , and his son ben ( paul reiser ) into the background . one day muriel leaves a note that after years of marriage she is leaving ! her daughters , along with ben 's wife rachel ( elizabeth perkins ) immediately begin the search for her whereabouts , leaving the confused and hurt and disgruntle sam to sort things out on a road trip with son ben . the road trip becomes a time for the two men to learn who each other is and what they each mean to their status as father and son and as family members . sam relaxes for the first time in his life and introduces the now workaholic ben to the pleasures and fun of living . the trip comes to an end with a phone call about the whereabouts of muriel and why she left and the regrouping of the wiser family draws the story 's warm ending . all is not what it seemed : it 's better and , well , different . falk and reiser play off each other like the pros they are , but in many ways the film belongs to the brief moments when olympia dukakis is on screen , reminding us that she is one of our strongest matriarchs on film . well worth viewing . grady harp , january <NUM>
what can i say about cracker 's & quot ; the golden age & quot ; ? i have had this tremendous album for years and it is still fresh to me to this day . it is easily one of my favorite albums , and i have a lot of music . the album is awesome , consistent yet not generic . it hits you hard with bone-crunching guitar powered anthems ( sweet thistle pie , nothing to believe in , <NUM> flower power maximum ) , then loosens up with catchy crackeresque sarcastic songs ( how can i live without you , useless stuff ) and then blows your mind with blissfully mellow thought-provoking tunes that sound out of a western ghost town ( bicycle spaniard , big dipper ) . the core of cracker was and always will be david lowery and jon hickman - other members have come and gone - yet not missed that much . the golden age saw cracker at an all time high when coming off their stupendous predecessor album , the platinum & quot ; kerosene hat , & quot ; which featured the hits & quot ; low & quot ; and & quot ; eurotrash girl. & quot ; some may feel that this album does not live up to kerosene 's greatness , yet others like myself , find this album even better and more consistent . this is a true great american band that has never quite gotten their due , and they should be recognized for bringing back fond memories of classic-rock bands like the heartbreakers , the byrds , the eagles , led zeppelin , and even the great neil young with their tunes . if you have not heard the golden age , or cracker for that matter , you are missing out - so what are you waiting for ? . there have been so many flash in the pan bands as well as the other drek that fills our radio airwaves lately . a band like cracker is truly a breath of fresh air and originality to the true & quot ; music & quot ; fan , not just some sampled , generic , over-the-hill , bubble gum , or boy band shlock that makes me want to puke . the opening track , i hate my generation , speaks volumes to me about what is going on in the music industry these days : corporate greed . this album , the golden age , in the words of spinal tap 's nigel tufnel , truly goes to <NUM> . five stars out of five - a classic
the `` bird flu preparedness planner '' delivers what it promises in a clear , compelling , straight-forward way . dr. woodsen lays out the facts of this health threat with no hype and no panic . however , it is real , it is deadly , and it is heading our way . the most valuable feature of this slim , easy-to-read manual , is its simplicity and practicality for preparedness . it has checklists of supplies , medicines , and food a family would need in case of a severe epidemic or pandemic . i will try to get tamiflu ( to help with ordinary strains of influenza ) and the over-the-counter remedies he recommends . i think the food list could have been a bit more comprehensive . i plan to have more than rice and potatoes on hand to feed a family of six for eight weeks . however my grocery list looks more like a summer cookout for a family reunion than an emergency stash . i suppose <NUM> cases of baked beans and <NUM> summer sausages is a little over-the-top .
really like the book its about time this type of bible came out , iam not a believing christian and read it for its literary art . a great book of myth and delusion it is interesting to read thoughts from ancient mind
this album is mostly lyrical songs , but not in a bad way . this is a good album for fans of the lyrical songs of the series . the styles on this ost range from blues-rock to cowboy western to metal to sugary-sweet pop to medieval music . the range between all the vocalists is very vast and very welcome . `` american money '' : is the bounty hunter t.v . show 's theme , very western with it 's banjo and gunshots . `` do n't bother none '' : an awesome blues-rock song sung by the gruff mai yamane . here voice is rough and raw and perfectly fit for this kind of song . `` live in baghdad '' : the random metal song in the mix , with surf guitar . i love this song exactly for it 's randomness in the series . `` cats on mars '' : a super-cute song ! this is the absolute cutest song of the series . it 's poppy , it 's cute , it 's fun . hard to resist . `` green bird '' : a sweet vocal by gabriela robin , her voice is so gentle and nice . `` elm '' : a song that sounds like a medieval ballad from a skilled guitarist . it 's so beautiful and addictive , the vocals are perfectly harmonized and the skill of the guitarist is very impressive
`` looking up '' is absoulutley wonderful ! every single song is great . gregg karukas is simply smooth jazz finest musician . this cd is extremley enjoyable and creative
i love this movie and i ca n't really add anything else to the reviews already posted . but i will say if you love this movie get the region <NUM> version from australia . yes you will need a region-free dvd player but it is well worth it . i found one for $ <NUM> that i can honestly say is one of the best pieces of electronic equipment i have ever owned . i can watch any movie i want without the powers that be telling me what i can and cannnot watch based on my geography . the previous poster is incorrect . there are scenes that have chopped . part of one can be seen in the trailer . nothing was taken out that will muddy the plot . but i have to ask miramax , why , at a short <NUM> minutes , would you bother taking out more of the fun ? and i truly have a dislike for the voiceovers done to change aussie references to american . do n't underestimate the viewing audience miramax ! if we are going to watch this movie , most of us will look up any words or phrases we are n't familiar with . thats part of the fun . there are <NUM> versions of this film available in oz . there 's the standard version and the pool room edition . it comes complete with a fuzzy slipcover to imitate a pool table , a lovely keep case with pictures of the cast , sheet music to `` we 're goin ' to bonnydoon '' , and a top <NUM> list of the kerrigans best deals from the trading post . ahhhh , the serenity
* * spoiler alert ! * * by the time most people got to the theater to see this film , or rented it , they already knew the ship and its crew would be dead in less than two hours . surprisingly , this does not diminish from the film 's power . even on second or third viewing , the film never delivers a moment that is false , maudlin , or sentimental . the plot is not what keeps people engaged during this film . it is the issue . how do people face death ? in this film , the people are the captain and crew of the boat . they know commercial fishing is a difficult and dangerous job , even when the weather is good . the weather is not good . the men need the money . they go out even though they know they will meet a storm . they are used to risking their lives every day . the storm turns into a hurricane that traps the men , and kills them . they struggle to save their own lives . they fail . when they are neck deep in water in a compartment of the overturned boat , they face death squarely . they talk , briefly , and unsentimentally , about things they will not be able to do , people they will miss . the stark , plainness of the acting achieves a powerful effect . at the beginning of the film , the viewer meets the crew . on repeated viewings , the film shows nothing milked -- nothing artificial . the men are solid , working people . there is no sappy foreshadowing . the director deserves kudos for maintaining iron-fisted control of a vehicle that could have been campy . the viewer will learn a lot about meteorology . the special effects are indistinguishable from live action . all the actors , including george clooney , maintain a stoic engagement with life , and they struggle to live , with no appeal to our pity , until they are dead . the perfect storm is more than a film . it is a parable . one could invest in such a classic work of art
this movie has become a part of lore among the men and women of the finest combat contstruction organizations of the us military . it is a nice hollywood adaptation of the creation of the us navy seabees . and who can forget the best character in the movie -- natasha ! it 's not often that you see jw 's character make the ultimate sacrifice . i watch this and see the beginning of some traditions and attitudes still in practice today . & quot ; with compassion for others , we build - we fight , for peace with freedom , & quot ; from the seabee museum . remember their montra : seabee can-do
i 've always had a soft spot for this cheese-fest from the <NUM> 's , and since i am a major inger stevens fan , this is a must-have . the good news here is that the print is excellent , and has both the wide-screen version , which is the best version - lots of picture image is cropped out of the pan'n'scan version , as well as the `` full-frame '' pan'n'scan chopped up version for those that insist on these inferior video image displays . tons of cool cameos , fantastic title song by the turtles make this a winner . no extras other than the trailer , but i say if you liked this movie in the past or just like those wacky <NUM> 's sex-comedies this is an essential purchase .
i recently bought this book and found it to be very easy to read , rather than just have lists of grammatical tables like some books i have seen . the author recommends helpful websites throughout the book and makes use of <NUM> short passages that can be read as you go . all grammar is covered in the beginning chapters , and the following ones are devoted to metre , poetic style , grammar of poetry , how to read old english manuscripts , spelling variants , phonetics , and then an anthology of texts . the glossary is full of translations of every word used in the texts . i think this book is excellent for the beginner who wants to gain a sound overview of the language
it is so refreshing to have glen back ( and better than ever . ) i am addicted to this cd . `` cleareyed '' and `` finally fading '' are in contastant rotation on my itunes . if you liked toad the wet sprocket at all , you will not be disappointed
this is one of my favorite prince albums . it 's incredibly cinematic and creative . his voice sounds amazing and he really sounds more inspired than he has in years . the production is also fantastic . discovering this record was one of the best music experiences i have ever had . it was right when i was starting to explore prince 's catalogue ( started listening to him in <NUM> ) . i had no idea what the record was about and the way rainbow children goes into muse <NUM> the pharaoh , it 's beautiful . beautiful music . there is this deep darth vader style voice that annoys a lot of people but to me it just adds to the cinematic quality of the record . i wish there was more music like this . my favorites are probably rainbow children muse <NUM> the pharaoh everywhere everlasting now last december . even wedding feast is a fun little number . joins purple rain and sign of the times in my top <NUM> for prince .
upon first listening to 'fundamental ' i was n't too impressed . nothing really grabbed me . it all sounded like typical pet shop boys . but as i listened more , the songs began to take a life all their own . 'the sodom and gomorrah show ' and 'numb ' were the two that stuck out . 'sodom and gomorrah show ' , with it 's driving beat and catchy melody and 'numb ' and it 's emotional plea to 'feel nothing ' were both examples of fantastic harmony between lyric and melody . the group has survived for more than <NUM> years in an era that no longer embraces their brand of pop without compromising their message or their sound . i 'm grateful to have had privilege of going to one of their shows recently . mainly because they 're still touring , but also because they retain every bit of what made them famous in the 80s with a little song called 'west end girls '
i have previously purchased the cd scandalous which at the time was the only way to find most of the material from their ep . that cd contains 4out of <NUM> songs . so it was a good collection . then i purchased patty smyth 's greatest hits featuring scandal because i was trying to get the rest of the group 's material . while it is also a great cd and contains alot of their material , it still left you wanted more . now we have it ! this cd is awesome . not only do you get all <NUM> songs from the ep but <NUM> never released tracks . i have to agree with the other reviewer , why did n't columbia just release all <NUM> songs and make a full lp ? , and yes it would have been wonderful if they would have just put the rest of the warrior material on this release and completed the scandal collection they are all great . this is a real treasure . i also own the warrior cd . now all i need to complete my collection of scandal/patty smyth is to purchase her <NUM> self-titled solo album , which currently at amazon runs at about $ <NUM> . i guess that is n't bad considering what a rarity that album is . highly recommend this to anyone who is a scandal fan ! ! ! even if you own other scandal or patty smyth cds you will not have these <NUM> unreleased tracks . it is a must have ! !
satch is full of surprises . thats the very reason he still has such a strong fan following and keeps getting more popular . in this album he made the right decision by brining in nathan east , manu katche and andy fairweather low as his studio musicians . the virtuosity of every musician on this album is astronomical . songs like if , cool no9 , down down down , etc are the satriani you never have heard of before .
when i first discovered that a new burton biography by a professor of history was soon to be published i had high expectations . upon receipt of professor kennedy 's burton biography titled the highly civilized man , i started digesting his work . the asserted themes of the work included <NUM> ) placing burton and his work in context with the larger issues and challenges of victorian times , and <NUM> ) using burton to better understand the nature of changes beginning to percolate socially due to the interaction of victorian england with its colonial enterprises . indeed , as far as i know , this approach is pioneering and insightful . as i continued reading to about page <NUM> , i thought professor kennedy 's effort was well done , and the book would be another jewel to adorn the crown of burton research , along with the work of mary lovell . i am of the opinion professor kennedy succeeded in achieving both this stated objectives . from this standpoint , his book is a success . the observations of burton as a harbinger bridging the transition from the victorian era to the modern era reflect the type of insights one expects from a biographer trained in the rigors of academic scholarship . i enjoyed the in depth academic analysis of burton from the standpoint of concepts of relativism as applied to notions of cultural difference . professor kennedy has also highlighted the role played by burton in the early development of anthropology as an academic discipline . social/cultural anthropology 's primary research methodology is called participant/observation . certainly , this approach was an inherent part of burton 's nature , and the scope of his anthropological observations were derived by this research approach . i was also glad to see that professor kennedy gave particular attention to discussing burton 's stone talk and his kasidah . the earlier biographies did not devote much attention to either of these important works . as long as kennedy stayed focused on academic based scholarship he avoided the pitfalls that plagued the earlier biographies that predated lovell 's rage to live . unfortunately , the book digressed into complicated histories that are not fully recounted . yet , professor kennedy felt compelled to make several definitive conclusions sorely lacking the professional level of scholarship a professor should be required to meet . the outcome of kennedy 's failures is a setback in burton scholarship . given the effort to place burton in context , the irony is that the book with notable examples omits necessary context to understand and evaluate some of the professor 's conclusion . for example , the recounted history of burton firing over the head of a crowd of greek orthodox christians fails to acknowledge that burton resorted to this solution after trying less violent alternatives , and after he and fellow members of his party were injured by rocks thrown at them . the key point is that burton used a hierarchy of options to confront unstable situations . this point also relates to the absurd conclusion that richard and isabel were role-playing in the desert , and that there is a hidden psychology to uncover . the decision to have isabel act as richard 's son was an attempt to protect her from rape and death , and to give richard an option before resorting to lethal force . the burtons took their personal safety serious as illustrated by their habit of carrying two revolvers and three bowie knives when traveling . professor kennedy has a mildly obsessive theme about people burton did not know going into the desert for homosexual interludes that randomly pops up in the book . he includes a discussion of burton and several earlier biographers who speculated about burton 's sexuality . but kennedy failed to note those writers assumed richard and isabel had a loveless and sexless marriage , and they used outmoded , almost now quaint , modes of freudian analysis . the illusion of the burton 's loveless marriage was gutted by the original sources brought to light by ms. lovell . professor kennedy fails to point out the deficiencies of brodie and mclynn concerning their analysis of burton and sexuality . the deficiencies in the highly civilized man about the question of burton 's sexual interests are too numerous to address in a short review nor are the issues he raised concerning damascus , crowley and others . kennedy 's treatment of burton in damascus is a travesty . not once does the professor inform the reader that all segments of society in damascus worked to bring burton back from his recall . the damascus treatment is lacking in necessary detail and skewered to the degree that the discussion should have been deleted form the book . it is also one of the examples where kennedy included information that is extraneous to accomplishing his two professed themes . the book appears to have been written with segments produced using an academic analysis methodology with other portions written in an almost stream of consciousness with points lacking critical evaluation . moreover , there are instances of contradiction . this leads one to conclude the work was not scrutinized properly before going to press . the kasidah analysis includes a conclusion that burton believed there is no god or afterlife , yet in the chapter titled the afterlife , kennedy indicates burton may have concluded there is continuing life . in fact , towards the end of the kasidah and towards the end of note <NUM> , burton makes it plain he has a positive view on a continuing future life . it is not a life however with the attributes of anyone 's religious acculturation . the chapter on the afterlife in large part is one of the commendable aspects of this biography . all of the hallmarks of a work that will withstand the centuries are present in this work if only the good professor would later reissue it , and correct the many deficiencies and expand the themes of burton as harbinger , burton as catalyst , burton as a pioneering mystic and burton as scribe in the manner of thoth , the ancient egyptian principle of wisdom .
a nice later album from this all-star , all-gal trad band . on this album , the ladies bring in various members of their families to perform alongside the ensemble ... the longs , maddens , clancys , et al. , pitch in , and show where the group 's trad roots come from . other than a horrendous version of dan fogelberg 's '70s aor neolith , & quot ; the leader of the band , & quot ; this is a great album . ( i & quot ; get & quot ; the thematic tie between the lyrics and this album ; i just ca n't stand the song and think it 's really cheesy . ) otherwise , this disc has an admirable mix of instrumentals and ballads , and joannie madden 's piping is , as ever , a heavenly aural treat . recommended
jamie oliver is a highly creative cook who inspires cooks everywhere and even inspires people who have never cooked before . to say he is entertaining would be an understatement . i have yet to see anything like the jamie oliver tour . he includes just about every element of entertainment possible in one show . it is a game show , cooking class , cooking competition , music gig , sports event , comedy show , talk show ( he almost interviews some of the audience members ) , magic show and sing along . basically this is jamie oliver 's mind on cooking and he is in constant motion , meeting every challenge and even batting oranges into the audience to select people to join him on stage . the recipes are simple to make and after watching this show you might find yourself trying out something new , and not even measuring anything . i tried his idea with the foil bag to cook fish and it was one of the best dinners i 've ever made . the ideas transcend recipes and enter the arena of creative exploration . you can cook with what you have in the kitchen . do n't have leeks ? try onions and potatoes . want to learn to make your own pasta ? is it really as simple as eggs and flour ? watching jamie oliver maker pasta is like watching an artist create . where he excels is in how he transfers his knowledge to the audience members and they to learn to make pasta , right on stage and he turns it into a competition . while fast paced and wildly funny , there are a few casual moments to relax . jamie challenges himself to make pizza before the pizza guy arrives . he orders pizza and then tosses flour on the counter and begins to make pizza dough from scratch . his ideas about sun dried tomatoes and fresh mozzarella will make you wish you 'd been to the store for the ingredients . in fact , you might want to stock up on ingredients and cook along with jamie . he really helps to make life less ordinary and more extraordinary . the new apartment is the entire stage and the set is filled with surprises to entertain . you will start to wish you had a kitchen computer . jamie leaves the set now and then and there is a screen showing a night out on the town , what it is like to cook in a restaurant kitchen and his wife checks in with him to find out what he is making for dinner . he even makes a cheesecake and then delivers it for a birthday party . by watching jamie cook , you can learn basic techniques , time saving tricks and creative uses for herbs and spices . everything he has taught me to make through his shows and this dvd has turned out to be absolutely delicious and i love the fact that a lot of the things i learn do n't require me to measure ingredients . ~therebeccareview.com
the illustrations are beautiful . the pictograms give parents great ideas to improvise , and create new movements . my <NUM> month-old baby enjoys the rhymes , even though she is not yet old enough to follow my moves as i sing or recite them , she tries to imitate me . we have a great time together and you can always get a smile from her when we sing & quot ; wheels on the bus & quot ; or & quot ; i 'm a little teapot. & quot ; fantastic book ! !
this collection of sly and the family stone is simply the best cuts you can put on one cd ! sure , there are others like `` you got me smilin ' ( again ) '' `` family affair '' `` if you want me to stay '' but you need more than one cd for that ! these are the cuts that turned me on to this history changing music ! !
i love this book ! it plays , quite successfully , with douglas adams 's idea/question of what happens to gods when people stop believing in them ? if you like this book you will also enjoy `` the long dark tea-time of the soul '' by douglas adams and `` american gods '' by pratchett 's friend neil gaimen ( though this one is darker and gritty - exploring some of the less flattering parts of america ) . `` good omens '' by pratchett and gaimen is a comedy about the end of the world . if you like the first three books i listed here you will like that one too .
i just received this dvd set on tuesday and by thursday i have learned to cast on the proper way , knit , purl , increase , decrease , cast off , hold my yarn the proper way etc . etc . tracy is the greatest ! ! i feel like i went from an insecure beginner to a confident intermediate knitter in just two days . i have n't even begun dvd lesson number <NUM> , but i am secure in the fact that i will master it and become an intermediate or better knitter because of this awesome teacher . she is friendly , patient , and very pleasant and caring as she guides you through each step of the way . i hope she will put out another series where she teaches you to understand knitting patterns . thanks tracy !
this is a very strange album . it features a lot of imaginative sonic `` experiments '' . such as instruments recorded at half speed or double speed , and then played back at normal speed . also vocals or instruments recorded backwards and then played forwards . it 's all way ahead of it 's time , and it should be of interest to anyone who likes unusual music
i miss the whole cast and then some . when i found out the box set was out , i purchased it in a heart beat . i am waiting for box two . if you have never seen the series , this is the best way to start . get the chance and explore as seaquest did
i 'm bewildered by the negative comments regarding this recording . i finally obtained a copy of this and i have absolutely fallen in love with it . i have never heard a traviata as youthful , ardent , visceral and sexy , yes sexy , as this one . ok , there 's some strange things in the first act , for instance , the chorus balance is off and rizzi loses control between the stage and pit a few times . but , in the course of a week , this has become a favorite recording of the work . netrebko 's sound is gorgeous . she reminds me somewhat of the young freni a la russo . she 's outgoing in the first act but introspect in the balance of the opera when confronted with real love . villazon is a god here and although this role can be sung beautifully by others , i have never heard a more well developed interpretation of this role . they are both very convincing together and what a pleasure it is today to hear two young singers with personality in their throats . their scenes have a desperate quality to them that no other interpretation has , as if they both understand how doomed their romance is . there 's a pronounced dark streak of tragedy running throughout their entire performance that the others lack . hampson has turned out to be a major surprise here as well . his vocal performance is complete and he develops germont 's character completely . not since gobbi 's performance on the emi recording ( now available on testament ) have i heard any baritone really use his voice to act this role . i 'm even looking forward to the dvd release in mid june . putting the hype aside , this is one of the finest recordings of traviata i 've ever heard . the committment of the principle singers is just stunning .
first of all , i did not go through all examples , but i did read all the chapters . this book is truly super in the depth of coverage . once you gained an advantageous position , how do you plan your attak ? how do you execute it ? all is covered . only gripe : the chapter on phases of attack should have placed right after the chapter on different classic mates
this album , technically , is not new . having been recorded over five years ago and released only in japan , scaggs chooses to revisit a number of his classic tunes -an unplugged `` lowdown , '' `` sierra , '' `` harbor lights '' and an glorious `` we 're all alone '' among others- and record them again under a moodier , at times even bluesier , light . think of some place between `` but beautiful '' and a more acoustic `` desire , '' if you are comparing albums . the core band , as well as the string arrangements , are tuned in to scaggs ' intent and contribute a great backdrop for his voice , which sounds quite great throughout these versions , the best example being the new take on `` simone . '' so , this is not quite a new album , we know the songs and it comes out after a long and inexplicable domestic delay , but the music contained here is pure boz , sometimes at his best
i was recently diagnosed as having hepatitis c. the immediate effect was shock and disbelief . i was under the mistaken impression that the way a person contracted hep c was by iv drug abuse or a tainted blood transfusion . this threw me for a loop since the only blood i had ever recieved was in <NUM> and <NUM> and i had never abused any drugs , i had no idea this virus existed back when i had recieved blood . i was afraid to tell my family what i had and therefore had no support . after reading this book not only did i have more information with which to approach my family but an idea of what to expect in my life from here on out . it is seldom one finds an information type book that is written in a way that makes it an easy read but this one falls in that category . even those in the mid adolescent years would have no problem reading and understanding the information . i have already purchased a copy of this book to give my daughter when i tell her that i have this disease
alan jackson is my favorite country singer . this is one of my favorites . i love every hymn that he has done . i play it constantly and it brings back memories . his wife and daughter did very well . one of his best ! !
i have been waiting for years , nay decades for this long-lost album to be released on cd . this , the first of karen dalton 's only two albums is , in my opion , the better of the two . karen dalton has a voice that demands to be heard for one of the most exotic aural experiences we have in the archives of pop music today . while i have been able to convince a few people that this is lady day singing , the arrangements just wo n't wash for such a deception the be successful for very long . this is a voice that sounds a lot like billy holiday , especially in her latter days , and the choice of material on this album and dalton 's rendition of it are an experience only the lucky few have had the pleasure of hearing . i doubt she ever will be well known enough to gain broad popular appeal , especially at this late date , but at least we do n't have to search for the lp of this on ebay anymore . this album is a musical treasure . if you have never heard of karen dalton before , buy this and find out what you have missed . if you have heard of her , you do n't need any advice from me
it is not an overstatement to write that `` gershwin plays gershwin : the piano rolls '' contains some of the most beautiful music ever recorded . gershwin 's virtuosity as a pianist is spellbinding . while his compositional abilities are well appreciated , who knew he was so good on the keys ? the listener will be swept away by this recording 's sweet melodies , tender craftsmanship and sensational speed . one might expect gershwin 's songs to sound thin and bare without an orchestra , but given the man on the piano , they sound surprisingly rich and full . not a stripped down version of the real thing , gershwin on solo piano is a means to an end , a different way to appreciate his music . indeed , while gershwin 's orchestral music may sound a bit dated , his solo piano work has a timeless quality . inexplicably , george gershwin 's solo piano music has languished under the radar . while this may be true for most listeners , there 's nothing keeping you from enjoying `` gershwin plays gershwin .
this documentary shows bits and pieces of a big speaking engagement of chomsky and two talks he is giving to activist groups . the only thing was , the documentary was kind of short - like <NUM> hour and <NUM> minutes . but it was good . here are some highlights : - when the russians invaded afghanistan , the u.s. press gave sharp criticism to the russians . however , since the u.s. press has a u.s. audience why does n't the press tell americans what is happening with their tax dollars and what they can do to fix their mistakes . an example at this time was u.s. funding for death squads in el salvador and indonesian funding for the massacre of timorese . it is cowardly for our criticisms of russians , when we as americans have no control over them , but we do have control over what we do and ourselves . - the media was most free during the mid nineteenth century , this was before media started getting advertising in it . once advertising started to happen , media could not say certain things the advertisers did not like . - run up budget deficits by giving massive tax cuts that benefit the wealthy , then cut social programs . then eventually get rid of social security and public education . getting rid of public education and social security just eliminates solidarity and sympathy with others . - if your pension is tied up in stocks - stocks go up when people lose their jobs , that is against your own interests and all worker 's interests . this chomsky documentary was more entertaining than the previous made ones . if a person does not pay attention to foreign policy , they can still grasp the concepts and ideas that are presented in this documentary . this documentary provides plenty of ammo to help people think and get active . watch it and have house parties or let a bunch of politically passive friends watch it .
my husband picked this book up since he remembers it well from his childhood . he wanted it in our classic collection for our children ~~ and this book definitely belongs there . it is a classic novel about life . the narrator ends up in the desert and while looking for water , he runs into a little boy , who just happened to be from another planet . and this is his story . this is an observation of what it means to live . this is a story that pokes fun at businessmen , kings and so on ... but at the same time , it provides a sad truth that a lot of people miss when rushing around in life . the little prince talks about tending his own planet that only has one flower on it . he talks about love . he talks about hope and dreams . it is a very vivid story that makes you stop and think . and it is a classic ~~ i recognize the truths even sixty years after it was first published . it is still the same as it was then . life is too short to fret over everything . this is definitely a book everyone should read at one time or another and plan to re-read it over the years , as a reminder that life is precious . 10-27-0
the best air combat movie ever seen . almost perfect
season <NUM> has this stigma attached to it that it is the weakest season out of all the seasons of friends . i have no idea what these people are talking about . yes , some episodes were better than others and some plotlines were tedious , but i still thought this was a great season . the main theme of this season is the planning of monica and chandler 's wedding , but there are many storylines scattered throughout , such as rachel 's romance with her assistant , joey returning to days of our lives , the brief return of phoebe 's scientist boyfriend , and ross learning to play bagpipes . this season will have you in stitches ! here 's a list of my favorite episodes from this season : the one with phoebe 's cookies the one with rachel 's assistant the one with the nap partners the one where chandler does n't like dogs the one with all the candy the one with the holiday armadillo the one where rosita dies the one where they all turn thirty the one with joey 's new brain the one with the cheap wedding dress the one with ross and monica 's cousin the one with the vows the one with monica and chandler 's wedding next is the season where rachel is pregnant ! ca n't wait !
judith butler 's study of antigone , over the course of these <NUM> lectures , yields important and timely insights about how we might understand kinship and love in today 's society . her analysis of hegel , levi-strauss , and lacan is impressively rigorous . a must read for anyone interested in liguistics , structuralism , feminism and contemporary questions about political belonging .
although `` a love supreme '' is generally regarded as coltrane 's most emotional album , `` sun ship '' tops it in intensity and passion . the music is volatile , from lush mccoy tyner passages and coltrane themes , to elvin jones 's furious percussion and coltrane 's atonal improvisation . coltrane 's solos on the title track and `` amen '' are guaranteed to give you goosebumps , if you `` get '' his later stuff
mash matured each season , adding more depth to both the performances and script . there has never been as good a tv series , and continues to gain significance as the years pass
for thirteen tense days in october , <NUM> , the united states and the soviet union teetered on the brink of nuclear war . the soviets had placed intermediate-range nuclear missiles in cuba . these missiles were capable of striking much of the united states and latin america . alerted to the presence of the missiles by a u-2 spy plane photograph , president john f. kennedy ( bruce greenwood ) , attorney general robert f. kennedy ( steven culp ) and the joint chiefs of staff begin to chart a course to avoid a catastrophic nuclear war . the movie is told through the eyes of presidential aide kenny o'donnell ( kevin costner ) . aside from costner 's obviously fake bostonian accent , the design works quite well . by telling the story through o'donnell 's eyes , it allows the viewer to focus more on jfk , rfk , and the development of the crisis . directed by costner as well , the movie describes the entire crisis , from start to finish . from the first discovery of the missiles by the u-2 , through the agonizingly long two weeks of decisions and negotiations , to the final outcome , this movie covers all the bases . i do wish that more attention would have been paid to the soviet side of the crisis . i believe that the film would have been more complete had this occurred . the acting throughout the film is excellent . bruce greenwood gives a compelling and exciting performance as john f. kennedy , while steven culp is equally as good as jfk 's younger brother bobby . costner himself is again at his best as o'donnell , and michael fairman does a wonderful job as the embattled adlai stevenson , who stands up to the soviets at the u.n. with his famous `` hell freezes over '' quote . i give this movie my highest recommendation . october , <NUM> was a tense time for the world , and this great movie does a fine job of depicting the missile crisis . as with its earlier predecessor `` the missiles of october '' , this film describes exactly how close the world came to nuclear war .
i agree that the included articles could be better . they are dry & amp ; i find that they do n't encourage a lot of discussion without prompting . they seem like & quot ; safe & quot ; choices designed not for thought but sheer modelling . what i do really like is the prewriting activities included at the end of each chapter . my students always appreciate all of the writing they have done by the time the draft is due , though i have added to the exercises to make the more in-depth and individualized . not the ideal comp <NUM> book , but certainly not the worst i 've used
i love this cd ! since i am reading the book and have watched several movies , this musical means a lot to me . when i finally relized who was singing this and who was singing that and why they were singing it etc , etc , i enjoyed it even more ! at once , i put it on my ipod and listen to it constantly . jean valjean is my favourite singer on this cd . but then , of course , he is my favorite character of all times in the book . i espeicialy like the songs `` bring him home '' and `` what have i done ? '' the one song i do n't care for is the final song . i know this sounds silly , but i cry almost every time i hear it . eponine is my second favorite . well , she ties with enjrolas that is . if i were to be in this musical i would like to play her part . her voice is strong but soft at the same time . of all the songs she sings , i like `` a little fall of rain '' the best . enjrolas is really good too . this would bring me to more of my favorite songs . `` red and black '' and `` do you hear the people sing ? '' my final conclusion must be this : i love this cd . please , if buy this cd , cherish it . it had greatly impacted my life . this cd is great ! you can see just what i 'm talking about ! perhaps this feeling that this is the best musical only belongs to me . but then again .............
need i say more -- -good like everymovie he acts in -- good story line with a twist ..
dragonfly was actually a band called the legend who 's debut album ( on which they were n't allowed to play or contribute songs ) was somewhat butchered by their record company . so they decided to pursue other interests . under a different name ( association with that legend album was n't gon na happen ) , they recorded this . they did n't have the best sound quality ( crackles and pops still cover the sound on cd ) , but they had enough technology to mess around . throughout this album , the track suddenly jumps into backward recording , slows down suddenly , or dissipates altogether . the boys explode into ridiculous giggles , get wasted by a moaning trombone , and turn into a giant rolling ball of mung at the end before returning to form . along the way , we have some good songs . `` blue monday '' opens the album with a moan of `` oooh my god .. '' then harsh chords , before rhythm guitarist gene cracks his throat in anger . `` enjoy yourself '' is bouncy , thoughtful psychedelia , `` crazy woman '' sounds very 60s and somewhat moby grape . `` to be free '' is a good bit of yearning and hope : the classic 60s message . there 's just all kinds of good stuff here . the drums are fierce and the fuzz-toned lead guitar is excellent . there 's some heavy solos on this album . great performing . gene 's vocals sometimes sound like keith relf of the yardbirds and sometimes like jack bruce of cream . it 's forgotten , and that 's a pity . take an acid trip ito the good ol ' days of heavy psychedelic hard rock . it 'll blow you away
there will always be a special place for this album in the hearts of tbs fans . it is easily their best-ive been listening to it for years . i dont know whats happening to the band now ( with their crappy `` louder now '' album ) , but i will always love this cd . get it if you havent already , i promise youll like it
gloria 's first greatest hits collection flows like the river wild , an incredibly enjoyable mix of emotional and heartfelt pop ballads and miami club scene dance songs akin to having special access to the best radio station in the world . this collection of pop hits is easy to listen to and hard to turn off , which is exactly what pop music was intended to be . this <NUM> song compilation truly is the best of gloria 's radio friendly mix of cuban rhythms and vocal honesty . you 'll recognize every song here , which is quite a tribute in and of itself . from infectious dance songs to powerful heartbreak we get it all . there was always an emotional honesty in gloria estefan 's vocals that is missing among the new wave of pop stars . talent and range are not the same thing as honesty and integrity . there is a reason gloria estefan has such a special relationship with her fans and has managed to have such staying power in an industry where a new pop princess comes along every five minutes . you can hear that reason even in some of the earlier radio hits . that honesty reached its zenith on gloria 's final selection here , `` always tomorrow . '' the happy dance songs conga -- <NUM> , <NUM> , <NUM> -- rhythm is gon na get you -- get on your feet -- go away these songs truly capture the feel of miami at night , their fun mix of cuban rhythms infectious . no one has ever done this kind of song better than gloria estefan . emilio estefan 's attention to every detail in the production of each song turn these dance club party songs into glittering images of pink flamingos , sandy beaches , and exotic cars . listening to these songs is like watching the now famous opening salvo of images from miami vice . these wonderful songs we all remember are the next best thing to being at an open air cuban club on a warm miami night during summer . the heartfelt songs of love words get in the way -- ca n't stay away from you -- anything for you -- here we are -- do n't wan na lose you -- i see your smile these beautiful ballads are no less special simply because they found their way to radio and were big hits . sometimes there is a reason songs are popular with everyone . no one ever gave a song more emotional honesty than gloria does . each selection here , whether it is of love lost , love clinging to survival , or love remembered , has a touching truth in its lyrics and the manner in which gloria estefan delivers them . `` do n't wan na lose you '' and the very sad and wistful `` i see your smile '' are of particular note , lingering in our hearts long after the song has ended . the beautiful `` words get in the way '' is like an anthem for anyone who has ever loved someone so . gloria would record a live version of this song in miami and donate all the proceeds of that beautiful and special mix only available on the single for south florida victims of hurricane andrew . special songs christmas through your eyes -- coming out of the dark -- always tomorrow `` christmas through your eyes '' has a wonderful and nostalgic feel ; gloria sings about the innocence and optimism we had as kids that we would love to feel once again . it is a very pretty song that will have you thinking about how you once felt also , back when everyone seemed kind . `` coming out of the dark '' and `` always tomorrow '' are inspirational songs born of a near tragedy when gloria was injured in an accident and broke her back . she could easily have lost her life , and it would be many months before she would be her old self , both physically and emotionally . `` always tomorrow '' is especially poignant . no one can listen to this song and not think about the life they have , and wonder if they are spending enough time enjoying it . gloria 's discovery that it could end at any moment and her reaction to it is truly heartrending . it is deeply felt and inspirational , and quite appropriately , concludes this most fantastic collection of music , which covered not only many years of our lives , but the emotions we felt along the journey . the liner notes , in addition to containing the lyrics to all the songs , have some wonderful pictures of gloria . the cover was shot by photographer alberto tolot at the biltmore hotel in coral gables . the photographs inside were taken by antoine verglas at the raleigh hotel in miami beach , florida . in summation the music is great , the production smooth , and gloria 's emotional vocals always perfect . she always made this look so easy that she sometimes did n't get credit for how difficult creating good pop music can be . husband emilio , a terrific artist in his own right , always manages to give just the right production to a tune , enhancing the flavor of a song while not overpowering gloria 's emotional delivery . these hits are the perfect blend of popularity and artistry . in turns uplifting , exciting , and heartbreaking , `` gloria estefan : greatest hits '' reminds us what was good about listening to radio during the <NUM> 's and early <NUM> 's . this was the culmination of gloria 's dream . we can be glad that the dream continued , gloria taking her music in different directions as radio changed . she found other venues , such as the olympics and films to augment the occasional dance club favorite . and her spanish music shows her growth over the years as an artist . there would be a second `` greatest hits '' collection , thanks to those different directions gloria 's music would take , but anyone wanting to know just what is so special about her , and why she has lasted so long , must have this first one . it is , for want of a better phrase , the music of our lives
best moments here rival the best in pop history . essential album from the <NUM> 's . shimmering waves of silver light wash across a pitch-black canvas . ethereal and haunting like the most beautiful of dreams . like visiting heaven with your ears . highest recommendation possible
it 's hard to imagine getting all these artists to perform on one single recording of this magnitude . my hat goes off to mark for this extremly important work of ar
stephen ambrose 's book tells the story of d company , 6th para . and the taking of the bridges over the orne canal and river . it is an excellent , if skimpy , telling of one of the facinating stories of wwii . i have always found the incident interesting since seeing it portrayed in & quot ; the longest day & quot ; it is a quick read , and i 'd have liked more detail , but it is a good book none the less
i finally bought this movie recently and watched it last night and all i can say is ..... fantastic entertainment ! forget all the bad reviews in the press when the movie was in cinemas , this film is very good indeed . if you like non stop action and i really do mean from start to finish , and if you like cgi special effects , and explosions , and weapons , and monsters etc , then you will love this movie . it 's a simple tale of good vs evil , nothing more nothing less . it is pure entertainment , great fun , great value at under six quid and it 's a film you will want to watch again , trust me
this was a great season . and i got the dvd 's within three days after ordering them . and at the time it was a great price
can someone please let me know if this is the dvd box set titled item . some reviwers say it is , others insist it is n't . based on amazon 's product description it sounds as if this is the item set . regardless , amazon need to correct either the dvd title or the content description . i 'd just like to say that , personally , new order peaked with technique . everything they released up to and including that lp was brilliant . the perfect kiss promo video is sublime . if this is the item box set , it 's worth owning just to see the full length version of the uk made neworderstory documentary . it 's a pity what became of new order . they were once brilliant .
the partner has quite an outrageous story line , but the way in which grisham tells the story is absolutely amazing : starting with the climax , grisham leaves the reader confused and uncertain on his or her feelings for certain characters ; as he works backwards telling the story leading up to the climax through events in the present , all the pieces fall into place and the confusing events and feelings in the beginning now make perfect sense . yet another great novel from john grisham
& quot ; disarming iraq & quot ; is hans blix 's thought-provoking and historically-important memoir of the few but critical months leading up to the u.s.-led invasion of iraq , during which he tried to paint a clear picture -- for the un and the world -- of his inspection team 's findings , claiming no need for urgency and lobbying for diplomacy . the polarized atmosphere was palpably tense : while the u.s. , the uk and spain insisted that iraq was not responding to inspections , france , germany and russia asserted with equal force that the inspection program had never been fully explored . parting the raging waters ( for a few weeks , anyway ) was the quintessential diplomat hans blix . as it reads , he was too diplomatic , unwilling to state his results confidently for fear that it might drive un policy . it didn ? t help that he had a few doubts of his own ; that in spite of not finding any & quot ; smoking guns & quot ; in terms of banned weapons , he still sensed that iraq was playing a cat-and-mouse game . either the regime 's odd narcissism allowed it to believe that it did not have to comply with the un , or it was hiding something . either way , blix 's hesitation was enough to set the stage for colin powell 's historic february <NUM> , <NUM> presentation of evidence of wmd ? s in iraq , which was more or less the proverbial point of no return . apparently , what mr. blix was trying to tell us -- before he was drowned out by the noisy din of a fearful and overzealous media -- is now common knowledge about wmd ? s in iraq : blix 's commission failed to find anything not because the iraqis succeeded at hiding the weapons , moving them ahead of inspections , but because the weapons really weren ? t there . iraq had disarmed at the end of the gulf war in <NUM> , just as they ? d claimed . the un inspection program had worked -- without knowing it . so how did the war move forward under false pretenses ? according to blix , & quot ; a deficit of critical thinking & quot ; was to blame . he speculates that our congress would never affirm the use of force merely to end a reign of terror ( even though blix himself wishes for a un resolution against brutal dictatorships ) . the bush administration had to justify war in iraq by linking it to terror , and since there was no real link , it had to capitalize on the & quot ; theoretical & quot ; link of iraq 's weapons of mass destruction . this is as far as his speculation goes . where the phrase & quot ; military industrial complex & quot ; would seem most natural and expected -- followed by a salacious tell-all about bush , cheney and nefarious links to saudi oil -- blix cleverly sidesteps the issue of america 's impatient itch for war by feigning ignorance . giving blix the benefit of the doubt , perhaps he prefers to be thought of as naive and not sensational . needless to say , dr. david kelly 's death ( the british scientist who leaked to the bbc that the british government had & quot ; sexed up & quot ; a document alleging iraq 's nuclear capabilities ) was an & quot ; unfortunate suicide & quot ; -- and not the work of a shadow government . ( the entire document , by the way , turned out to be a forgery . ) at least blix observed the & quot ; horse trading & quot ; ( & quot ; intense economic and diplomatic pressures & quot ; ) our government used to obtain votes from other countries -- votes needed to pass the un resolution authorizing the use of force -- as well as he disapproved the bush administration ? s spying on un delegations while on their diplomatic visits to new york . blix had other objections to u.s.-led efforts , but they are all based on facts and evidence , and are in defense of iaea ( a previous inspection organization , also headed by blix ) and unmovic ( the un 's monitoring , verification , and inspection commission ) . interestingly , the largest setback to diplomacy was related to a 167-page & quot ; cluster & quot ; document released by blix in early march of <NUM> , which summarized all the inspections for the three preceding months . unfortunately for france and germany , american and british members of unmovic leaked pre-release draft copies of the document . in other words , france and germany had much less time to prepare their official reactions to the cluster document than their british and american counterparts . their positions , in favor of renewed inspections , were not as compelling . while blix ? s passion is definitely enough to carry his memoirs , one can easily see why it was so difficult for americans to take mr. blix seriously : he lacks that forcible personality that commands respect . even so , he is gifted with an even temperament , a good sense of humor , and a deeply-imbued sense of integrity , all important qualities for diplomacy . although he may have been the only individual capable of peaceably bridging the large gap between the un and iraq , in retrospect it may have been asking too much from some of our leaders to match blix ? s diplomatic efforts in their reasonableness and patience
loreena mckennitt 's music will evoke other artists such as enya and kate bush ( when she 's in full celtic mode ) . mckennitt seems a bit more earnest in her seeker stance , and there 's nothing wrong with that . it does probably mean that she may not reach everyone , especially those listeners who are less of a mystical bent . there is precious little irony or skepticism here , so it pretty much helps to be on the same spiritual page as the artist herself . or at least to be able to temporarily to suspend your lack of belief . i did after a few listens , and i found myself coming back for more . new age music has its own kind of `` hooks , '' and it is unlikely that once having heard the exotic arrangements here that you will be able to get them out of your head very easily . her european hit `` the mummer 's dance '' is particularly haunting . unlike some of the reviewers below , i have to recommend this album with a few caveats . it may be hard for fans to realize that this really wo n't be everyone 's cup of herbal tea . but then what is ? although i can think of one or two people i would n't bother playing this for , if you like your music romantic ( in the original sense of the word ) and your lyrics appropriately diaphonous , well , you ca n't do better than loreena mckennitt .
i 'm married to a spanish man and have always wanted to learn the dances from his culture . granted , the dances on this dvd are a lot more americanized than the actual thing at times , but i can definitely keep up now . each dance is broken down and repeated a lot of times -- they teach the men 's steps <NUM> or <NUM> times , as well as the women 's steps , and then both men and women together , then they finally do it quickly to put it all together . so if you 're someone who needs to see it a lot before you get it , this is perfect . the only funny thing is that the teachers speak with this british-like accent , which i would n't expect for a latin theme , but hey it 's still great . the music is even good . and it 's definitely a workout . this was worth my money , most definitely
ex-special forces chris vaughn ( da rock ) returns to his hometown of kitsap county , washington after <NUM> years in the soldiering business . he intends to fulfill his dream of working at the town sawmill , but finds that it has gone out of business . in fact , things have changed for the worse in kitsap county and home is n't home anymore . there 's now a nasty element in the former little town and chris 's old friend jay hamilton ( neal mcdonough ) seems to be in the thick of things , with his thriving casino and burgeoning drug empire . it does n't take long for chris to nose out the corruption and soon , chris and jay are at vicious odds with each other . after chris is beaten and tortured and his young nephew falls prey to crystal meth , chris runs for and becomes the local sheriff . he then tries to set things right with his town , waging his own personal battle against crime , armed only with a length of cedar and the loony but dependable help of his buddy ray ( johnny knoxville ) . this film is a distant cousin of the first walking tall movie back in <NUM> , which told the more or less true story of sheriff buford pusser . the premise is the same , that of a man who has had enough of vice and crookedness infesting his town and decides to do something about it - to wit , getting elected sheriff . but this movie version has the rock , filmdom 's newest big action star , and is therefore invested with rock-like sensibilities . walking tall ( <NUM> ) is more action-oriented , with the action scenes more slick and kinetic . it does n't take itself as serious as the original ; it is , in fact , laden with a healthy dose of rowdy humor , much of it being contributed by wildman johnny knoxville . at a running time of one hour and <NUM> minutes , director kevin bray does n't try to embroil the viewer into too much set-up , but instead gets right to the nitty-gritty , quickly delivering what the fans crave - the rock 's physicality and charisma . yes , the rock is an action star . he 'll never do shakespeare or go on stage . but , in his specific genre , he shines . and he does have enough thespian in him to capably and convincingly play his formulaic silent but kick-ass roles . what sets him apart from other would-be stars such as van damme and seagal is that the rock is imbued with a self-deprecating , wink-of-an-eye ( arch of an eyebrow ? ) quality that enables viewers to like him and identify with him . the rest of the cast , with two exceptions , are mediocre and bland , but , at least , they do n't hurt the film . the intense neal mcdonough stands out as he invests his villain with frozen , blue-eyed menace and cold-blooded venom . a very good and formidable villain indeed . johnny knoxville is just plain fun to watch as he plays his ray templeton with unpredictable wackiness . the laugh he uses ( i do n't know if that 's his real laugh ) when he and chris are watching television is just plain out infectious . basically , this little actioner , the rock 's follow up to the superior the rundown , does n't have anything new to say . it is what it is : a short , enjoyable movie that 's sure to give the audience a good time . it certainly beats son of themask , or a fork in the eye . it gets <NUM> and a half stars from me .
this is one book on ancient israel that actually delivers what its title promises . in & quot ; the early history of god & quot ; mark smith systematically sifts through archaelogical and literary data from bronze and iron age palestine , the mediterranean , and mesopotamia to find the earliest evidence for yhwh , his cult , and his context . chapters include discussions of yhwh and el , yhwh and baal , asherah and asherahs , cultic practices , such as communication with the dead and child sacrifice , at the sites where yhwh was worshiped , as well as a brief discussion of the beginnings of monotheism during the late monarchy . refreshingly for me , smith frames his argument on available evidence , not on wishful thinking , and the result is provocative and stimulating . the long introduction to this new edition covers the debate that has gone on since the book was originally published over ten years ago , and the extensive footnotes are a wealth of information on every side of the discussion . this is the kind of book that helps keep scholarship in good repute . do n't wait to read it
this selection is an absolte great one . it is great for parties and just to scare the bejesus out of people . it is not , i dare say , one that you would want to listen to over and over again . it repeats itself in many tracks , but for fun , you 've got to have this one
after watching too many critically acclaimed movies which left me at the final credits feeling like petrified wood , i 'm now allowing myself to rent and enjoy movies that i formerly shunned because they received poor reviews . happily , i 've progressed through that stage . i 've learning that what a professional critic likes and what i like do not always match . i really enjoyed this movie . i admit that some of the satisfaction i got from viewing this movie came from the sight of the young male actor 's attractive physique . at least it helped me understand the main character 's temptation . i could imagine myself in her place . if only life was fair , i would be . if you 're in the mood for light laughs , and a bit of poignancy , rather than the highs and lows of a dramatic roller coaster , this film will not disappoint
this is better than the album by far . all the mixes keep you craving their best song
great seller & the dvd came in perfect condition . thank you
in the interests of full disclosure , i should start by saying that craig and i shared an editor at macadam cage and he is a good friend . several years ago , at the national book expo , craig and i swapped copies of our books . i gave him a copy of my book `` the locklear letters , '' and he gave me a copy of `` the contortionist 's handbook . '' when he called me to meet him for dinner several months later , i felt compelled to pick his book off the bookshelf and read it . i was amazed . rarely have i found a book so compelling that i thought about it all day and felt the need to race home to read some more of it each night . it is a great achievement . original , thought-provoking , chilling .
this is the true story of dr. gerald bull played by frank langella in a simply excellent performance . kevin spacey is fantastic as a cia agent with heart . tony goldwyn , son of samuel goldwyn ( i.e . metro-goldwyn-mayer - mgm ) is perfect as the `` true company man '' for the white house nsc . alan arkin , a long-time favorite of mine , plays an israeli colonel turned into a mossad agent . and the characters playing the iraqis are really , really good . get the movie . it 's pretty factual and quite amazing indeed . here 's a few additional facts about the story to intrigue you : dr. gerald bull was the founder of space research corporation . a canadian ballistics expert , bull modified artillery weapons , worked on the usa 's haarp gun program and upgraded scud missiles for various customers . he did work for every country , except russia , which he hated ( but the scud 's he modified were russian-made ) . he also did work , through the cia , for the usa and some of its allies . his modified scud 's rained down on israel and saudi arabia , killing israelis and american troops . dr. bull had to run things through the customs services of many countries of course to move his weapons . he ran afoul of u.s. customs and got a year in a federal penitentiary for which he did not forgive the cia , instead expecting immunity . bull was contracted by saddam hussein , who at that time was a pro-u.s. interest ( against iran and supported by then-vice-president bush ) to build a `` supergun '' that would fire a 2,000 lb shell over <NUM> miles ( and further ) . saddam 's hope was to be able to shell israel with bio/chem weapons from an artillery gun ( which is not uncommon ) but from great range . israel had destroyed iraq 's nuclear weapons reactor ( designed to produce weapons-grade plutonium ) for which saddam vowed revenge . the mossad gave a lot of warnings to bull about helping iraq arm , which bull repeatedly ignored . the cia and british mi6 turned a blind eye to bull 's operations in iraq , for which bull , expecting protection , gave them info on the german bunkers and c & c centers saddam had constructed underground . ah , but in the spy business there are no sweethearts , and the mossad assassinated bull in brussels before he could finish the `` supergun '' ( the babylon gun ) . a smaller version , the `` baby babylon '' gun had been completed and tested at that time . however , in the movie they give the suggestion mi-6 assassinated bull as they show a silencer being screwed onto the barrel of what looks like a walthers ppk . this was all financed through a `` bank '' in america where funds were diverted from american taxpayers to saddam , ostensibly for agricultural enterprises . saddam reportedly paid bull $ <NUM> million for his work . the myopic viewpoint at the time was that any enemy of iran ( i.e . iraq ) is a friend of the usa . did n't quite work out that way . after bull was dead , mi6 feigned surprise at the discovery of `` supergun '' barrel pieces being constructed in a foundry in england and they were impounded before they could all be shipped out ( on iraqi il-76 transports i believe ) . some pieces did make it out to iraq . thus the silly and complicted politics of the middle east . where the usa once propped up the shah of iran and sold him <NUM> f-14a tomcats , he was deposed and iran became a u.s. enemy , and still is to this day . saddam , a former protected entity , invaded kuwait less than <NUM> months after bull was assassinated , on august <NUM> , <NUM> - and the rest was seen on cnn <NUM> hours per day
there are no words to describe this movie . the book is amazing but is does use many `` bad '' words in it . the movie uses some but nothing drastic ! ! this movie is the best . what can you expect from such an amazing cast . the developement of the characters is very well presented and this movie very likely will make you cry , male or female . after this movie you just want to watch it again and again . some of the scenes could be cut shorter but they also `` make '' the movie . after watching the movie , you should discuss it with the people who watched it with you , it 's interesting to see other peoples thoughts on this movie
the wide variety of articles on leadership covers well items from the basic topics such as the difference between managers and leaders to how someone can be both ( and the tensions that can cause ! ) . two of the best articles were on how leaders really spend their time during the day and how leaders foster an environment in which other people can also be identified and brought forward as leaders . i would 've rated this five stars , but there are a couple of articles ( on 'defining moments ' and ceos ) that were n't a complete waste of time but seemed too far divorced from the typical leader within a company that i was surprised the hbr did n't find something more likely to be widely applicable to fill the space
i bought this one for two months now . it 's pretty precise and clear .
what a difference three years can make . between <NUM> ( when hammett finished `` the glass key , '' perhaps his bleakest work ) and <NUM> ( when he published `` the thin man , '' his last novel ) , hammett had discovered two things that transformed his outlook on life : a steady income from book sales and from hollywood filmwriting and , perhaps more important , lillian hellman . there 's surely nothing like being unexpectedly wealthy and suddenly in love : hammett 's changed outlook on life is even more apparent when one compares the 65-page outline of `` the thin man '' he set aside in <NUM> with the final version of his book , which seems to be more of a light-hearted and satirical tribute to the traditional whodunit than a continuation of the gloomy noir of his earlier novels . while his first four novels , as well as the early draft , featured an anti-establishment loner ( the continental op , sam spade , ned beaumont ) , `` the thin man '' introduces nick and nora charles as a pair of unlikely crime-busters breaking off their vacation in new york ( which consists mostly of drinking at any available venue ) to solve a murder . readers with only a passing knowledge of hammett 's biography will recognize both hammett and hellman as the inspirations for the alcoholic ex-sleuth and his socially savvy wife . what also separates `` the thin man '' from hammett 's other full-length works is its giddy humor , which revolves around seedy nightlife , early-morning alcohol consumption , and nick and nora 's freethinking rapport , while the dialogue pokes fun at the tough-guy image and the mystery form itself . the morning after being grazed by a bullet , nora asks nick : `` how do you feel ? '' `` terrible , i must 've gone to bed sober . '' this playful banter takes up much of the book and supplies one of its greatest pleasures . many hammett fans have long regarded `` the thin man '' as his weakest novel , and i tend to agree -- up to a point . this book lacks the quality for which the others are famous : uniqueness ( for lack of a better word ) . although it 's a sophisticated manhattan comedy , hammett 's last detective novel is a lot like many other whodunits , and his unexpectedly relaxed and newly satisfied voice often does n't ring true . even so , it 's a shining example of the traditional mystery and a lot of fun to read
i think `` in the dark '' is the best studio disc the band did with keyboardist brent mydland . he sounded tentative in his singing on `` go to heaven , '' and i do n't think his songs on that album stand up to his contributions here , especially `` tons of steel . '' in fact , the three major writers -- mydland , bob weir and jerry garcia , with their respective lyricist partners -- all acquit themselves well on this disc . garcia 's `` touch of grey '' and `` black muddy river '' are his strongest tunes in years ; you have to go back to the better parts of the `` terrapin '' suite to find anything as significant from him . weir 's `` hell in a bucket '' and the outtake `` my brother esau '' have a gritty , churning resonance . as some have pointed out , this was not the dead 's final studio album ; `` built to last '' followed . mydland had more songs on that one , but i think he was overrepresented ; then again , maybe that was necessary , as garcia 's stuff on that disc was pretty weak . in short , as far as the studio is concerned , i think this was the dead 's last great statement ; i would have been quite content if `` built to last '' had never seen daylight . `` black muddy river , '' then , is n't the last song garcia ever would sing in the studio -- but maybe it should have been . what a hauntingly proper final tune it would have been for him
in these final ephisodes of the dark tournament heiya beats bui . kowabarra defeats ederly toguro . now yusuke enraged at toguro for killing genkei faces off with the evil demon . the fight is intense and to our hope our young hero wins ! toguro is killed by yusukes powerful spirit gun ! ! i love this show , it totally rocks , there is only one faul that i might add ; why doesnt heiya of kurama get a girl ? they should fall for somebody ! i mean they are my two # <NUM> characters . yusuke gets kakoe so give heiya and kurama someone please ! ! ! got ta go bye
very interesting documentary of the & quot ; father of pop art & quot ; , a title which some dispute . but , as shy as he was , he was surely it 's most visible and successful creator , who was as well known for his social life of the fabulous <NUM> 's and '80 's new york , as for his art . i do n't know how interesting this film would be to non-warhol fans , other than a one - look history lesson . but , to me , a bored dreamer in upstate new york in the <NUM> 's and '80 's , andy warhol represented all that was glittering , creative , and exciting , and this film brought back a now gone time . his life did seem like a non-stop <NUM> hour creative/ social frenzy , but there was much more to him than that . the sickly , ugly duckling who was at the & quot ; beautiful peoples & quot ; epi-center , if andy was n't there , it just was n't an event ... it 's all here in this film . the underground movies , the & quot ; superstars & quot ; , the campbell soup cans , the factory , his <NUM> shooting , studio <NUM> , ... he had many detractors , ( envy does that ) , and many accused him of turning art into crass commercialism , but this film also talks about the good son and brother , and the generous mentor to young , then on- the- rise artists like keith haring and jean michele basquiat . and the man who attended mass every sunday , and spent almost all holidays feeding the homeless at church of the heavenly rest , something he told few about . he died much too young , and unnecessarily , leaving an estate of multi-millions , and the auction of his beloved , hoarded belongings , held by sothebys , was the media event of the year , bringing in an incredible twenty-six million dollars . for someone who 's been accused of being a charlatan , talentless , manipulator ... , he was incredibly successful , and according to many , the new york city nightlife and culture was never the same . whatever he was , the little nobody who started out with none of the things that make one popular , became one of the twentieth centuries most well known artists and figures . this film is an informative visit to anyone who wants to know his phenomenon , anyone who wants to relive it , or if you just want to get to better know of the unique , talented man , who was no better nor worse than any of us
a refreshing original melange of contemporary sax . if you are always on the hunt for new hard bop sounds , chris potter is turning out cutting edge compositions and blowing way the critics . i just saw his quartet in montreal play to three standing ovation encores . dont miss this album , surely to be among the best of the yea
what is it with the british film scene and its distinctly gritty style . it seems that if we 're not producing trashy ealing comedies , it 's a shocking reality drama with the likes of ray winstone in it ? well ray winstone is n't in this one , but he could well be as the rat catcher is another one of those 'you either enjoy challenging films or you do n't ' pieces . i personally love them , i guess i must be a miserable bugger ! of course this film investigates the reality of the underclass , dysfunctional life lived in a rough and grimey housing estate . but it is unique ( well probably not unique ) in that it is told pretty much entirely from the view of the <NUM> year old boy , played by william eadie , who is struggling to make some sense of what is going on around him . we learn that no matter what environment children grow up in , they always seem to hold true and remain untainted somehow . without wishing to give too much away , it is the final brief scene of this film which has stayed in my mind ever since i watched it in <NUM> . worth the wait if you like being deeply moved by simple things
i had the privilege of spending an afternoon at the long island home of pietro di donato many , many years ago when a friend of mine , john liscio , took me to visit . mr. di donato 's father , i was told , died when he fell into a vat of cement back in the days when there were no labor laws to protect workers . the book was shaped from this incidence . powerful book , and an even more powerful man . both left an indelible impression
have you ever read the book walk two moons ? if you have remember mary lou finney , mr. birkway , and the journals he made them write and keep over the summer vacation . i love this book it is so amazing and wonderful . this book is about <NUM> year old girl named mary lou finney that thinks that summer assignment is boring but how would she know that what started out as a boring summer homework would change her life and her . her summer turns out to be the best summer ever . it all started with her cousin carl ray coming to stay over at her house to look for a job but the trith is that he is there to look for his real father , and her carzy beat freind beth ann who gets a crush on her cousin carl ray , also about `` the jerk '' , and finally her one and only `` love '' alex cheevy who ends up being her boyfriend . this book is fantastic if you want to know more about it i suggest you read it . you will love it
yes , barry sang `` i go crazy , '' the paul davis top ten from 1977-8 . it is on the cd `` summer of '78 . '' : ) i hope this helps you
having skimmed the reviews on this site it is apparent i am not the only person who decided the world according to garp was worth re-reading after <NUM> years . the world according to garp is ultimately about lust and its destructive nature . if you are easily offended ( irving 's novels tend to revolve around twisted sexual behaviour and garp is no exception ) you may want to avoid the world according to garp ( and pretty much everything in the irving catalogue ) . but the world according to garp is more than a series of bizarre sexual encounters . it is a complex , disturbing , and insightful novel . in the world according to garp , irving has created some of the most vivid , unique , and truly memorable characters in modern literature , not to mention some of the best lines of dialogue ever put to paper . the world according to garp is both hilarious and heartbreakingly poignant . i do have to admit that i did find ( as i often find with irving 's novels ) that it meanders a little in the middle ( i could have done with a little less on the wife-swapping relationship for example ) . even though some plot lines did n't engage me as thoroughly as others , all in all , the world according to garp is a well written , enormously entertaining novel . if you have n't read anything by john irving , the world according to garp is a great place to start . if you read the novel years ago , its well worth reading again .
what a surprise , this new version of c & c tiberian wars , is fantastic . the story is great , i 've seen some complain about the story in thier reviews , but perhaps they should re-watch the `` action scenes '' ( a new option in this version ) when i did this i caught things i missed before , making alot more sense afterwards . the graphics are great at full levels , but if you have an older computer there is an option screen to adjust to any option you need to make it playable or experience the best graphics , this also includes audio etc . the `` cast '' of the live action characters , are great , well known and big new stars ! ( billy-dee williams/michael ironside/etc etc ) i recommend , this game for all veteran tiberium fans , and any new fans that like rts games , buy this -- c & c started it all . i wasnt sure if the game would be as good as the past c & c tiberian games , with ea in control now , but they really did pull it off with flying colors . i have yet to play multiplayer -- and have heard that a small number of people are having problems with multiplayer -- but i have heard that the multiplayer problems will be fixed soon , so i 'm keeping busy playing both campaigns ( gdi and nod ) and hopefully the patches will be out by the time i finish
do n't ever forget ruth brown , one of the greatest female rock singers of the <NUM> 's . she had the two minor hits on this cd , lucky lips and this little girl 's gone rockin ' , but there is so much more . every cut on this cd is an absolute winner . she is greatly overlooked but i think she tops etta james and laverne baker . this is a terrific cd and she is the best
this was such a weird and crazy movie ! but it had it 's appeal that i liked and because of that , i ended up buying it . it 's a beauty pageant gone outer limits the ugly and crazy side that 's pretty fun to watch ... weird ? the movie really does n't make sense ... maybe i do n't want it to make sense . it 's probably safer that way . ; ) lo
so worth your money i love the o.c . im buying the rest of the seasons off here too
`` the best of george harrison '' is a wonderful compilation of his best beatles and post-beatles hits and songs , but i find myself agreeing with other reviewers on the choice of beatle songs . `` if i needed someone '' and `` think for yourself '' could have been replaced with `` all things must pass '' and `` is n't it a pity '' which deserves to be here even more since the `` my sweet lord '' <NUM> was a double sided hit with that track . this would have also tipped the scale more toward george 's solo sides , to make a more even handed comp . also , this cd has been out forever , it not only needs to be recompiled , but remastered ! ! it pales beside the remasters of the original albums . but if you can not buy the individual albums , `` the best of george harrison '' is a decent pick for someone wanting to check out his music for the first time
this is the first movie i 've netflixed twice . i kept it for two months the first time , watched almost all of it , but then lost patience and sent it back because there was something else i wanted to get quickly . but i could n't stop thinking back about it and wound up renting it again . i 'm considering just going ahead and buying it . i still have n't figured out if i actually * like * it or not . but i ca n't stop watching it . how can a movie this cold and distant and remote be so affecting ? how can a film so full of detail and business be so cold and distant and remote ? monica vitti plays a stylishly unhappy woman who basically wanders around rome , falling out of one relationship into another , with alain delon . she 's so wan that i often wanted to step in and shove her , but at the same time , she has an absolutely captivating presence . eventually , i actually stopped caring anything about the plot and just relished the endless scenes in which i could take in her long , slender nose and her slim , sleepy eyes . is that a intelligent reason for liking this film ? probably not but fortunately i do n't really care .
yes , ginzburg actually contends that the so-called & quot ; witches & quot ; of old europe were in fact remanents of the old shamanic cultures of europe , and he does make an excellent arguement for it . i will admit , i do agree with him on some points . shamanism is a universal phenomena , and yet ( with the notable exception of the lapps in scandinavia and a few scattered myths and legends like orpheus and odin ) shamanism seems to have all but been absent in europe , and this has always puzzled me . certainly , had shamanism been widespread in europe , it probably would have survived well into the christian era , just as it has in other parts of the world . as such , ginzburg may be right on the money about the witch hunts and such . regardless of your thoughts on the subject , this remains an excellent book . and if you like it , he has another book , entitled & quot ; night battles & quot ; about a community of shaman in northern italy
the black uhuru are one of reggae 's greatest vocal trio 's , the wailers of the <NUM> 's if you will . this set covers a time period of their greatest popularity . all the songs on these <NUM> discs have a good groove to them , although some find that disc <NUM> seems to be repetitive . sly and robbie throw down some great `` riddims '' that will leave you awe struck . i highly reccommend this for people who just ca n't get past bob marley and the wailers , it is a must have for any music fan , espicially a reggae fan
this album fell into my life by accident and i am glad it did . this album is a wonderful combination of wit/humor , earthiness , and tender moments . the lyrics combined with his rough and deep voice are wonderful . not a word is wasted nor out of place . this album is a & quot ; keeper. & quot
hmmm . if i had to pin down in accurate one word to fit in my feelings towards this book for you said for to not to drink the drink i would admit that reasons for understanding how would you like a cinnamon biscuit thrown at your head were a little undervalued considering that jelly works in subtle and unegotiable ways
although they are billed as america 's cheapest family , i do n't think that this is entirely true . i think i was some years ago when the small business i was running failed during a recession . i remember being asked one time what i would do if i had $ 100,000 , my answer was 'pay bills as far as it would go . ' i implemented a lot of the tips given in the book and if i had had the book then would have implemented a lot more . the tips on saving money are great . but , i 'd throw in a couple of other points . if this tip saves you $ <NUM> but takes an hour of your time , you may be better off ignoring the tip if by working another hour at your job you could make more than the ten bucks . another point . i 've found that there are people who just love cars . they eat , drink and sleep thinking about cars . you can find them at work , school , or in the neighborhood . they are always finding some super deal on cars . when i need one , i go ask several and invariably one of them knows of some super deal for $ <NUM> or a $ <NUM> . this is different than what they recommend , but it 's worked for me . anyway , now you can understand what the book 's all about . they have found a lot of ways to save money . just remember the other half is on making more
i am so glad that family ties , season <NUM> is out on dvd . this show makes my mind flood with memories from high school . it gives me such a nostalgic feeling watching the keatons ' shenanigans from season <NUM> . i surely hope that other season sets follow soon . the show got better and better as the seasons rolled by in my opinion . i 've read the reviews which mention the intro music changes . in my opinion , it really does n't change the quality of the episodes at all . i have been looking forward to this series release for such a long time , that it would have taken a lot more that the music changes for me to be disappointed . but , hey , to each his own feelings . i love the show and my boxed set of family ties : season <NUM>
what has n't been said about the great musician that is louis armstrong ? the man did it all.what a great mind & amp ; vision.very influential & amp ; very original.an impact very much felt to this day.this album showcases his genius & amp ; legacy.he is one of music 's greatest teacher's.ahead of his time with his music & amp ; structure
i agree with other reviewers who wonder how anybody could give this less than <NUM> stars . this album sticks with you over time as few can . it is like listening to a psyche explode into madness , from the tight grip of `` schizophrenia '' to the noise that builds with `` kotton krown '' and continues through the chaos of `` white dick . '' i recommend this as somewhat of a sy apostate . i admit that i listen to goo more than evol , and have defended goo even in heated exchanges with random strangers in bars . it seems that daydream nation is the watershed moment ( read `` sell out '' ) for most `` true '' sy fans and i was surprised to see sister and dn linked in so many of these amazon reviews . they are completely different , and if you though dn was experimental , maybe you should not go back any further in the sy catalogue . avoid sister . i also agree with reviewers who tout this as far superior to most `` indie '' or non-indie music for that matter . there is an authenticity here , as with all sy , that one does n't find anymore , an attitude about making music as art without regard for sales or singles or airplay ( even on the `` classic alternative '' stations popping up in socal and soon to be exported to your suburb ) . you listen to sister and you understand how pervasive sy is in their influence , from the pixies to nirvana to the white stripes , it do n't exist without early sy . not to say that bands copy sy , it 's just that their music , exemplified by this record , is infectious and so deeply layered in sound and attitude that , like vu before them , it would be hard not to show some influence . if you are new to sy and want a great starter album , sister is where to go , then buy evol and daydream nation , move toward the fine work from the early 90s ( goo , dirty , experimental jet set ... ) and on to murray street
xmen iii is one of the best movies ever ! ! the intense battle between the different philosophies of xavier and magneto is at its peak in the last xmen movie the last stand , a tale of survival . this movie emcompasses all genres such as politics , action , romance , comedy , drama , horror , etc ... this movie has something for everyone ! from the politics of the cure , to the forced suppression of the dark pheonix of jean grey , the internal conflict between right and wrong surfaces throughout this thought-provoking movie . not only is the storyline beautifully philosophical , the actors and actresses express their emotions with perfect intensity . with the perfect combination of story telling and presentation , one can understand both perspectives , whether it is for xavier or magneto . this movie is nothing but perfect .
this is a five-star classic , and for the price ca n't be beat . the author covers selection , use and maintenace of dutch ovens , as well as providing a good mix of recipe types ( fish , poultry , deserts , etc. ) . i especially recommend the fish and rice recipe
i finally got my hands on this dvd and all tha waiting was worth it ! the first cartoons to use music and sounds in such variety , the first to introduce a real american middle class man of the time through a cartoon figure . all the way from the other side of the world i still enjoy it ... mickey 's best shorts are here !
great cast , great trama . david caruso is the base of this show , to bad is only one season with david
tommy was the epitome of the <NUM> 's . this movie included elton john and tina turner in their youth , not to mention all the member of the who . worth the price just to watch ann margaret swimming in a living room flooded with baked beans ! that deaf , dumb and blind kid , sure plays a mean pinball
i enjoyed this soundtrack , but i love this movie also ! anybody that does n't like the movie is more than likely not going to like this
listening to an album like this makes you despise the record industry and the way that fashions and slavish conformity dictate success . the buffalo skinners was released in <NUM> , two years after big country had been callously and stupidly dropped by phonogram . they then produced this astounding masterpiece , in which every track is solid and some `` pink marshmallow moon , '' `` alone , '' etc . - are sheer classics . of course , gurning teenagers with grungey guitars were all the rage at the time , so the craftsmanship and quality of this earnest and soulfull collection of songs went largely unrecognised . big country created a sound that could fill not only stadiums and arenas but also the vast landscapes of their native and their adopted land .
i 'm shocked at the negative reviews this book has received . i found it to be a brilliant introduction to an incredibly complex thinker and person . far from bashing jefferson for his views on blacks and women , appleby apologizes for him , and basically agrees with her negative reviewers here that we should not judge an eighteenth century figure by twentieth century standards . appleby has a remarkable feel for the politics of the early republic , and does a brilliant job of recreating for a modern reader exactly what the federalists and the democratic-republicans were fighting over . she makes a strong case that jefferson stood for democracy , against elitist opponents who sought to exclude common people from voting . the core of her argument is that jeffersonian republicanism is at the heart of our modern conception of democracy , and that both contemporary political parties -- the democratic and the republican -- draw equally on his legacy . an important argument to remember in these partisan times , and it gives us hope that we can overcome our current profound divisions
i have to say this is the all time best children 's book ever , full of love and humor . i remember reading this myself and have recently bought two copies of this book , one so i can read to my self and children the other as a keepsake . i also have suggested this book to may other avid readers , young and old . this is a must book for any reader and belongs on everyone shelf .
as if this set could be anything but five stars ! ! ! barbra streisand - four of her films on their dvd debut - her own commentary - oy vey ! order it now and plan a vacation day for the day after you get delivery
mcphee joins a merchant marine as he tries to find a ship to work on - hence the title - then journeys with him as the boat does its work . i picked this book up because i 've read other books by mcphee that make subjects that i would normally not even think about fascinating . this book was no exception . for readers who have read his geology series ( compiled into anals of the former world ) and found it a bit too technical and dry , this book will be a refreshing change . i never would have thought i 'd be interested in this subject , but mcphee made it interesting
this is a great album ! this is my all-time absolute favorite collection . i have the vinyl lp from the 70s , then later i bought the cassette , and then later the cd - i even have the `` tapestry revisited '' cd ( the tapestry songs re-recorded by various artists ) and coffee mug from several years back . everyone should have this collection on some form
this was by far the most informational book i have ever read on conservatism . i learned more about the history both the good and bad about conservatism . also this book is very practicle and worthwhile . no hype just fact and purpose . anybody who is a conservative should read this book so as to know the rich history we have and the future direction we are taking . to those who are not conservative or dont know if they are conservative please read this book . it is a book that should not be taken lightly . the very history and future direction of conservatism lies within its covers . a must have in every library . it is in mine
a perfect album . start to finish . i do n't know what more to say . <NUM> stars for neko
nicola writes in such a spare and poetic style that she must capture the imagination of each child who reads it , or has it read to her . she offers facts about this bat breed as she weaves her story , and topped with delicate artwork , it 's just perfect
i am delighted with this encyclopedia which i ordered as a present for my six year old . this handsome book has beautiful pictures and lots of information covering many aspects of nature . attractive and accessible , it provides great rewards for the young reader whose love and respect of nature will grow as their knowledge expands . i expect it to be used in greater depth as my daughter grows older . for now , she loves to open it up and see what she finds - and becomes engaged immediately . i highly recommend it
this is one of my top <NUM> cds of all time . check out my other reviews and you 'll probably be surprised . but this cd left a lasting impression on me when i was like <NUM> or so . it has some of the most well-crafted sy songs in my opinion and some of the sweetest , sublime , fuzzed out guitar sounds ever . track <NUM> is the perfect song . track <NUM> ( junkie 's promise ) rocks harder than anything they 've ever done . they played it on conan obrien and tore it up ! ! ! track <NUM> is beautfully hypnotic in a tripped out sort of way . this is the track that first reeled me in as i was under the influence of wild irish rose watching my friends play tekken <NUM> . track <NUM> ( washing machine ) is a very episodical and visual song which morphs from dischordant punk to a chill summery breeze of a jam that slowly winds down into practically nothing . kim gordon 's snotty tuff girl attitude shines through more than ever on songs like 'little trouble girl ' and 'panty lies ' . how can any true fan of alternative music hate this cd ? good experimentation with noise and distortion , yet structured songs ... better than previous `` expermmental jet set '' album . give it a whir
words simply can not describe what is contained on this dvd ! we bought the vhs version and played it every night for a week and just ordered the dvd tonight . if you have ever seen a black greek stepshow , this is like the championship level with gospel harmonies mixed in . it is awesome ! a must see , over and over and over ....
this compilation covers the period <NUM> to <NUM> - the stuff that really matters . the same label has released a double cd compilation tit1led ultimate collection , which covers their later music as well . if you want their later hits , including come dancing , that is the collection you should go for . this contains all the classic sixties songs including you really got me , all day and all of the night , tired of waiting for you , dedicated follower of fashion , well respected man , sunny afternoon , waterloo sunset , autumn almanac , days , lola and apeman . it also includes dave 's two solo uk hits - death of a clown and susannah 's still alive . the set is presented in chronological order beginning with their cover of long tall sally , a song that demonstrates their musical roots in r+b . they did n't stick to r+b for very long , becoming more of a mainstream pop group and continually changing their style thereafter . nevertheless , their songs were always distinctive because of ray 's talent for making ordinary situations into extraordinary songs . my favorite kinks song is waterloo sunset , a huge uk hit but not an american hit . it is about romance at a railway station that i am familiar with , though i can not possibly imagine what inspired ray to write that song , but he was a genius . the best tribute to the quality of their songs lies in the diversity of the covers that have been recorded by singers in several genres of music . kirsty maccoll ( days ) , the stranglers ( all day and all of the night ) , petula clark ( days - and a french version of well respected man ) , cathy dennis ( waterloo sunset , sunny afternoon ) , green day ( tired of waiting for you ) , jimmy buffett ( sunny afternoon ) , van halen ( you really got me ) and barb jungr ( waterloo sunset ) are among those who have covered kinks songs . despite the brilliance of some of the covers , here you get the chance to hear the original versions . if you just want a single cd of their sixties music , this one is as good as any you will find
this movie reminded me of a spoof of 'forrest gump ' . i have no idea if it was intended that or not . i choose to look at it that way because that is the only way that this could ever possibly be funny . however , the real jokes are that tom hanks took the same material and impressed critics and audiences with his acting skills while adam sandler just amused a few people who watched this film . the other joke in the film is adam sandler 's voice . he kept changing it . first , he had a mild southern accent , then he just began talking slower and faking a stutter . regardless , i got a slight chuckle from the idea of him trying to fake a voice to sound stupid . his real voice would have fit all too perfectly
willie morris was a truly great author ! this story of his childhood with his dog was really heartwarming . it is so simple and warm and humorous , you will just love it . warning : you will cry your eyes out at the end , but it 's worth the pain . one of the best animal stories ever , i hope many kids read this in school . if you loved the movie `` a christmas story '' you will love this book . the movie version of `` my dog skip '' is also quite good , though it is kind of upsetting that in order to create drama the wonderful father of the book is kind of nasty in the movie . willie morris was a great author who also wrote a cat book entitled `` my cat spit mcgee '' and several books about his life that remind me a little of russel baker 's memoirs . one is entitled `` north toward home '' , another `` good old boy '' and one is about life in new york city .
i only bought this dvd because i have n't seen the very first episode ... and what can i say ? it 's true friends-entertainment :
this is an essential book for hep c. i have used the herbal protocol for <NUM> months and brought my viral load down to 69,000 and it is still dropping . before i read this book , i had almost convinced myself that traditional treatment was the only way , even with its horrible side effects . now , i am so glad that i found this book , contacted dry creek herb farm ( referenced in the book ) and started my daily herb treatments . the only side effect of the herb is that they do n't taste very good , but with the results i have had they are starting to taste pretty good . the cost is very affordable also . thank you stephen harrod buhrner and dry creek herb farm
this is definitely one of those albums that you can play over and over again and discover something new and brilliant each time . the lyrics are brilliant , the melodies are beautiful and the music is simply enchanting . shannon mcnally has really found her stride with this album . personal favs include `` pale moon '' `` the hard way '' and her cover of taj 's `` lovin ' in my baby 's eyes . ''
at first this was kind of disappointing after hearing epics like `` english settlement '' and `` apple venus '' and `` skylarking '' , but this is actually quite good , sometimes even on par with the three wonders stated before . the cd clocks in at over an hour with the several bonus tracks from singles released from this album and two really different songs from a series of experiments andy did , these are `` frost cirus '' and `` procession towards learning land '' . these songs sound pretty cool , but are n't the better part of the album . the b-sides are pretty amazing with the three catchy songs that could have been a-sides `` jump '' , `` toys '' , and `` gold '' . `` desert island '' is also an excellent song about britain .... '' do n't rescue me ... no ! no ! no-ohhoh '' ! the actual original mummer tracks shine as well after a couple listens , the singles `` love on a farmboy 's wages '' , `` great fire '' , and maybe even `` me and the wind '' ( it is too far out in the album though , you may want to quit listening before then ) will hook you on first listen . `` love on a farmboy 's wages '' was definitely the first friendly song in the batch on first listen with its catchiness and wit . `` great fire '' has a great drama to it that anyone will like , it is a wonderful tune . colin 's single `` wonderland '' has really cheesy production , so i had to skip it ( it was so strange ) . but it is actually a good song and is more than listenable after a few listens to mummer . the opening tune `` beating of hearts '' is a powerful song that is almost romantic and shows the power of humans that separates us from the animals .... emotions and `` love '' ! it is no wonder terry wanted to leave xtc during this album , it is a dfferent direction for xtc ... just about a <NUM> turn . that does n't mean this is a bad album ... by all means it was xtc maturing . the only song that is really similar to old xtc is the `` funk pop a roll '' song , which is pretty awesome and funny . again it is slower and the songs completely different like colin 's `` deliver us from the elements '' is filled with backing vocals that sound like they are from a church choir . andy 's `` human alchemy '' is profound and sounds afircan or something and is really controvesial ... read other reviews here ... it s a really good song with a message . on first listen though production-wise it may be too much to stomach , but it is one of my favorites on here now . `` lady bird '' starts off with andy scat singing and turns out to be a most excellent pop tune . a grand album with some questionable production , but that is the fun of the 80s . recommended for xtc fans , unless you do n't like quiet stuff .
some of this is quite pretty - - `` kometenmelodie <NUM> '' , in fact , waxes practically majestic . and it 's true : the title track glides along with four wheels off the ground for <NUM> minutes or so . and the recorder piece that closes the album ( replete with little birdies twittering all over the place ) is a bit of a pleasant and unexpected surprise ; `` morgenspaziergang '' , after all , translates as `` a morning walk '' . not quite of its time , and slightly before it , you have a bona fide classic here . fah'n on .
i love little baby kimi ! ! i was so glad when she became one of the rugrats at the end . she is so cute and so sweet , it would impossible not to like her . she looked really , really cute at the end in that weird robe , yeah
this ablum contains all of the germ 's singles and their only studio album . this is an incredible punk album and belongs in your album collection if you 're a fan of punk . everything in the cd is perfect except the fact the sex boy has horrible sound quality ( but whats funny is that on the last page of the booklet it says `` we make no apologies for the sound quality of any of these recordings ) but its quite funny to hear the choas that is going on while they perform . i highly recommend this collection of recordings
`` the thomas crown affair '' is a remake of an older film i 've never seen and stars the former james bond , pierce brosnan as the title character . this is the perfect role for brosnan , because he 's better suited as a smart and sophisticated millionaire than an action hero . the movie is smart , plausible , entertaining , and the performances are very suave . as i said , brosnan plays thomas crown ; a millionaire who 's life really is n't very fun ... so , crown decides to steal a painting from a museum that 's worth <NUM> million dollars . crown , however , is not stealing the painting for what it 's worth but merely for the excitement of doing it . the actual theft of the painting is really entertaining and pretty damned plausible . after he steals the painting , the cops begin investigating as well as an insurance investigator named catherine banning ( rene russo ) , who 's willing to do anything to find this painting . one thing crown longs for ( as it 's explained in his therapy sessions ) is a female equal to himself and catherine has enough determination and smarts to fill that . well , eventually crown and catherine begin an affair ( and i must say , that for a woman in her forties russo looks incredible ) that appears to be only about sex . neither one of them are entirely sure if they can trust one another . comedian denis leary ( 'rescue me ' & 'jesus ' son ' ) plays michael , a detective working on the case along with catherine . but , brosnan and russo really light up the screen . they play the characters better than anybody i could think of and they actually have charisma on screen , which makes it all the more better . this movie is n't a masterpiece but it is entertaining and exciting and worth watching . grade : a-
the one major strength of this book , from a computer science viewpoint , is its emphasis on `` attack patterns '' . this systemization of these issues really differentiates this book from many of its competitors ( which tend to be either the latest <NUM> hacks or descriptions of standards ) . put simply cs is the study of algorithms , and this book fits nicely into that tradition
80s , 90s and so far have observed a lack of true classic albums , i mean really true classic albums not that one microwaved bands glorified by the rolling stone magazine , mtv and the whole media , just think about it what albums come to your mind when you think or you discuss with your friends regarding classic albums ? beatles revolver ? , any bob dillan work ? , presley sun sessions ? zeppelin ? of course right ? but try to think of any classic album after the 70s and you will have troubles i bet my ass , well , smiths the queen is dead at least is one repply to this matter , because the sober and at the same melancholic mood along with the charming and calm voice of stephen patrick morrisey , the jhonny marr deligthfull strings and beautifull lyrics made not only of `` the queen is dead '' but all smiths albums gorgeous collectible pieces of british contemporary music , elegance and refinement are the basic elements of their music , `` frankly mr. shankly '' is one of my faves , `` i know its over '' , `` the boy with the torn in its side '' you name it ! ! ! ! this album can be easily included into 80s few classics . hm
`` butch cassidy and the sundance kid '' is one of the best films ever made and fox has recently released a fitting two disc dvd edition of the film . fitting because the dvd is one of the best i have ever seen . directed by george roy hill and written by william goldman , the god of screenwriters , `` butch cassidy and the sundance kid '' stars paul newman , robert redford and katharine ross . how could a film with this pedigree be anything but good ? what you may not realize , or know , is that this film made robert redford the star he is today . paul newman , already an established star having appeared in `` hud '' , `` cool hand luke '' and `` the hustler '' , among others , was a bankable star and the film was made because he agreed to make it . initially , he wanted to play the sundance kid , but eventually settled on the role of cassidy . robert redford was not new to film , but he was nowhere near the icon he would become . he had some early success which was followed by a few clunkers . the pair became a match made in heaven and would go on to appear in more films together . on screen , they appear to be friends , much like their characters , and this adds to the charm of their relationship . redford clearly recognizes the influence this film had on his career . his famous film academy and film festival are named after his character in the film . butch and sundance decide to rob the mail car of a train owned by a powerful rail baron . butch is tired of the work and wants to retire , but he needs one or two big scores to set him up . after blowing up the rail car , they run off with the loot and hide out in a small town , at a brothel they frequent . meeting up with the rest of their gang , they quell a revolt and decide to do one more job . they will rob the same mail car on the same railway , on its next run through the area . it is the perfect crime , no one would suspect the same train being robbed , so it will probably be loaded with money . after blowing up the car for a second time , they notice another locomotive speeding towards them and a crew of men on horseback alight from the car and give chase , chasing butch and sundance , and their two accomplices , for days , across many terrains . finally , they realize the rail baron has hired a famous indian tracker to help a band of men , including a former sheriff who is now a famous bounty hunter , catch the duo . after the chase , they return to the home of ella ( katharine ross ) , the sundance kid 's girlfriend . tired , they decide to leave the country and travel to bolivia and begin robbing banks there . as i watched this dvd of `` butch cassidy '' , two things quickly became apparent . this film is virtually timeless . with the lone exception of the song `` raindrops keep falling on my head '' , the film could 've been made yesterday , the images are so clear . the second is that the dvd print is one of the most beautiful transfers i have ever watched . the cinematography by conrad hall ( who would later work on `` american beauty '' among others ) is simply stunning and brings out all of the rich detail of the landscape . everything is crisp and clear , when it is supposed to be , colors are bright and vivid , it 's just beautiful to watch . it does n't hurt that the stars are two of the most handsome men to ever appear in film , at the prime of their careers , and one of the most beautiful women to ever co-star . how did anyone get past all of that eye candy ? the key to becoming fully invested in this film is william goldman 's screenplay . he introduces the characters in action , we learn as we go , and they are almost always moving , or doing something . goldman fills their mouths with witty dialogue , showing us how their relationship works , and they are instantly likeable to us . this is basically a love triangle with ross ' ella playing the go-between . the two men have a very close friendship , enjoying each other 's company . but cassidy loves ella as well , even appears slightly jealous until he realizes his friend is the recipient of this woman 's love , so they get along . then , there is the famous chase . the railway baron 's men chase butch and sundance for days , taking up a significant chunk of the film . but this scene proves to us how committed the two men are to each other and makes their future trek to bolivia all the more believable . we have to believe there is a real threat and these men never let up on the chase , if they catch butch and sundance , they will be killed . as soon as they reach bolivia , goldman has a lot of fun with the characters again , exploring their relationships , rebuilding them in a way , and making them light hearted again . it is almost amazing to watch this film because if a studio executive were presented with the same screenplay today , it would probably not be made . it does n't hit plot points at pre-determined pages , it tells an unconventional story , and we never actually see the villains . goldman had the luxury of writing this film during a period in which studios were still able to work with somewhat unconventional screenplays . of course , they wanted to make money as well , but they still considered film an art form . george roy hill is an underappreciated director . i think a large part of this is because many of his films are very humorous . comedy is not as highly respected in hollywood as drama , even though making a good comedy is much more difficult . so i suspect the humorous elements of most of his films made him less respected in hollywood , but when your films are as good as `` butch cassidy and the sundance kid '' and `` the sting '' , you deserve some respect . he made his share of duds , but when he passed away a few years ago , hollywood was robbed of a talent ready to make at least a few more classics . during this period , big screen westerns were becoming unpopular . perhaps the dearth of television westerns was keeping the public out of the theaters , but this genre was considered risky at the time . recent films starring burt lancaster and others were failing to light the box office fire . the second disc contains a new `` making of '' feature including interviews with newman , redford , ross , former studio executives david brown and richard zanuck and more . zanuck reveals that he took a real chance in greenlighting this film , but fought for it all the way . he also haggled with hill and the filmmakers , in an attempt to keep the budget under control ; he became concerned when the film was projected to cost about $ 7.5 million ( consider the average studio film now costs at least $ <NUM> million ) . but the film would go on to be a big hit . such a huge hit the filmmakers followed this with the equally popular `` the sting '' . the second dvd also contains some archival interviews with the stars , some trailers and more . in the `` making of '' documentary , they discuss the inclusion of the song `` raindrops keep falling on my head '' . people fought against it but hill and composer burt bacharach felt it would be the perfect accompaniment to the scene of butch and ella riding a new-fangled bike through her barn yard . it does work , but it is clearly not a fit for the period depicted in the film , and is the most dated element within the film today . it just seems silly today . `` butch cassidy and the sundance kid '' is a superlative example of the treatment all classics should receive on dvd . this is a film every dvd library should have
as one of the founding fathers of today 's heavy metal rock music , iron butterfly has them power , drive , and sound that made them unique in the world of rock music . this live album serves as a testament to that fact . eventhough the recordings of live concerts from the late <NUM> 's through the mid <NUM> 's was primative at best ( by today 's standards ) , this live recording of iron butterfly captures most of the groups best music durring their prime as a chart-topping group of that era . this is a `` must-have '' for all iron butterfly fans
shipping took a while ... but other than that , it was in great condition .. like brand - new
great diabolical romp . lots of fun to watch , john phillip law at his best ! he 's the reason this movie is so charming . oh , those gorgeous eyes !
this movie followed its cover synopsis to the letter . lots of hot young asian ladies doing martial arts . actually , the techniques are so ridiculously gracious that they are great to watch . where else do you see cinematic application of wushu moves , which are martial arts gymnastics cultured entirely away from combat application . i guess that 's what makes the ridiculous so enjoyable to watch . you see the typical long fist and other wushu moves performed beautifully . i 'm writing this paragraph due to the other somewhat negative views on the rape scene . after watching the girls culled by training over years ( a few drowned youngsters are even pulled from the surf ) , killed in testing by guards , culled again to half in the open dormitory scene in which each girl must kill another to leave the building , culled yet again to three in weaponed combat , and lots of males , guards and targets , killed by assassins , some reviewers think that a rape scene is just too darn much . that 's a reflection of our modern society of the disposable male and protected female - all under the guise of gender equality . apparently , it 's now socially acceptible to kill as many men as you want , especially on assassin assignment . this movie has at least two scenes killing a naked man during a massage . well , i suppose modern social trends on gender-specific violence will be driving future legislation .
as a geography and history buff , i was fascinated by marco polo 's journal of his travels . i followed his routes on my atlas and discovered that he did not always follow a west to east route , but rather zigzagged north to south to east as his interests changed . in india he narrates his fascination with the role of monkeys in society , the strange vestments and customs of the people there , so alien to anything he had ever seen or experienced . then he spends years and years in the orient , befriending the chinese emperor , learns to speak chinese to the point where he practically forgets his native italian , even becomes governor of a chinese state . from adolescence intoto adulthood , marco travels with his father and uncle during <NUM> years , discovering the marvels of a world unknown to the west , by ship , elephant or camel , or on foot over some of the world 's highest mountains , against all odds but driven forth by endless curiousity and optimism .
this is a great book for anyone in advertising or who is in a lead role or is an entrepeneur . that is what the author is : the head and founder of a leading advertising company or at least what he used to be until he sold the company . i find most of the advice to be legit because i 've been working in corporate america for a long time and i have come across good and bad managers , but mostly bad ones , unfortunately . there are some ideas or values that are obviously his personal preference or it may be just talk so he stands out from other people . i think it is a must-read for anyone in advertising or thinking of starting a business as advertising is a major area if not the most important area that will help drive your business in the right direction . my only caveat about the book is that it is too long . this is somewhat not surprising since the author is not a writer and the writing is not as concised and well-written as if written by someone more professional in the craft
this great little book is full of easy juicing recipes . another good thing about this book is that jay goes into detail about the vast , enormous benefits of a raw foods vegan diet . i am not a raw foodist , but as a vegan it is wonderful that jay informs people who buy this book who may not be vegan the simple fact that one can easily get calcium from other sources than cows milk . i have had a juicer for two years and still refer back to this book from time to time
steven stavropoulos has chosen some of the most well known quotes of the ancient greeks for this book , and some which are more difficult to find . this is an excellent reference book for anyone who would like to quickly look up a quote on `` love '' , `` virtue '' , `` justice '' , etc . i can see where his translation is slightly diffent from others that i have read , but the message is still transmitted very accurately . this is a must own for anyone who enjoys reading about greek philosophy , theater or culture
another 5-star classic from the hottest duo in the game . standout tracks : so fresh , so clean - ms. jackson - spaghetti junction - but the single b.o.b . steals the show - so fresh and clean itself you might put it on loop for a few days before you listen to the rest of the album . this cd a definite must for any music collection regardless of your musical taste .
the music in this cd is amazing . you should buy it
this installment to the yu yu hakusho series really helped me find out more about yoko and yomi . very nice , with some excellent fight scenes . definately a must to any fan of the series . if you can buy it you should .
curt flood forever changed the game of baseball with challenging baseball 's status quo . it cost him , but he paved the way for every player that came after him . in fact as far as i 'm concerned if you got the choice of leaving one team & going to another you owe this man a salute . brad snyder does a great job at breaking things down with how curt flood took baseball to court . this books goes into detail about curt flood 's life on the field & off of it . curt flood took what jackie robinson started & took the baton to a whole different level for the players that would come thereafter . this is a very well written & documentated book . curt flood has never gotten his full due at all
this cd has a `` catch '' : the surprisingly beautiful voice of leigh nash . i am usually reluctant to hits covers , but in this case i would suggest to give a special try to sntr performance of the la 's `` there she goes '' , crowded house 's superhit `` do n't dream it 's over '' , and even abba 's `` dancing queen '' . special mention to that wonderful tune titled `` kiss me '' . leigh nash 's voice reinvents these songs and provides a new dimension to the meaning of `` cover version '' . believe me ... this cd is a serious improvement for your music collection !
freddie francis , terence fisher , phil leaky and all the crew ! what more could you possibly want ? are you a hammer fan ? get this video , buy the popcorn , and enjoy yourself to the max ! it 's a technicolor orgy , and a fiendish festival . you will thank yourself for purchasing this collection many times over
the film ( one of my favorites ) inspired me to acquire the book and as usual i found the book to be far superior to the film . the norm since converting a book to film is similiar to condensing . the book did lack in factual detail which would have made it longer and far more interesting , as a factual historical novel . as a piece on racial discrimination and women 's fight for equality it is the best of reading . for those interested in the subject the book and film are well worth adding to your collection .
semi-tough is one of the few football movies i never got around to seeing until the other day and i am sorry i waited . it is a humorous , energetic send-up of football , celebrities , and post-sixties new age mumbo-jumbo . as for what another reviewer said about jill clayburgh , i have to agree , she 's completely miscast here , but that 's my only acting criticism . i think reynolds is outstanding in this role and really stands out . he is compelling and believable as billy clyde puckett and his presence basically carries the film . what i found most unique and valuable here , however , was the satire involving friedrich bismark and beat -- which was a paper-thin roast of werner erhard and est . it is rather courageous that this movie decided to tangle with those parasites in the way they did , but it remains a rare example of hollywood using its special position in society to advance the public good . there are other inventive parodies here as well such as the owner 's devotion to `` moveogenics , '' and reynolds having to get `` pelted '' by a quack doctor . on the whole , semi-tough is a good bit of fun and also has something to say to its audience .
the personality of the main character , dr. house , is a breather from having to be pc all the time and it based on the notion of being brutally honest . that the main character does not make allowances for diplomacy is based on the notion that he has no time for stupidity . therefore some people find house tiring and overly caustic , but it makes for great entertainment . the medical info is always challenging and i enjoy googling it afterwards . the series is one of the more intelligent ones on tv and one can actually learn from it
received the cd in a timely fashion . it was just what i wanted
modern artists are often attacked because on the basis of `` i could have thought of that . '' and true , you might say that about any given page in this book . yet it 's unbelievable that one man thought of all of them . look at the photos in this book , and you 'll see art everywhere the next time you walk outside . i could cover a wall with every page that is worth framing
being a real star is n't anybody 's stuff ... whenever you catch something that 's too heavy for you , you 'll drop it . that 's what a man like mc queen never did until he became a living icon to many people of all ages , and managed to live with it . a few money helps , but still ... being still able to act and to be funny when you know you may be going to die within the next weeks , is another proof of how mentally strong a man can be . or maybe a bit `` unconscious '' too , as to perform what mc queen did in that film , assuming there was no fx in there ... having a funny line that reads `` puffing 's not my trick '' , when you only got one half lug left to breath with in the reality , also is a proof of a certain irresponsability , but that 's why an actor like mc queen was what he used to be , and why the public still likes him so much . thanks to mr legrand for having properly wasted the original soundtrack of steve mc queen 's last performance to the screen , when charles bernstein 's score serves the movie so well ... pick the french version if you want to check it out
besides painting a satisfying portrait of `` upwardly mobile profesional black americans , '' `` boomerang '' is an appealing look at the oft-times amusing and tumultuous struggle between the sexes . eddie murphy , who served as producer , is wonderful as the `` player '' who gets his comeupance from a female equal , in the well-proportioned form of robin givens . a stellar cast that features legends eartha kitt and geoffrey holder , then up-and-comers chris rock , martin lawrence , and a pre-oscar halle berry , established performers like lela rochon , tisha campbell , and david allen grier , and an over-the-top grace jones makes this a classic in the truest sense of the term . watch the film with director reginald hudlin 's commentary . he provides colorful insight into the pivotal use of new york locations , costuming , casting concerns , the importance of background music , film economics , and unintentional social commentary . many times the director 's `` chat '' is dull ; that can not be said for the words of this talented young man . `` boomerang , '' like the word implies , is a film that warrants `` return '' visits .
if you 've made it this far and are a dictators fan , shame on you for even needing a review to convince you to buy this ! are you hesitating because of the price ? how much have you spent on dictators albums in the last <NUM> years ? maybe you 're hesitating because you 're concerned about terrible sound or a lousy performance . well , the sound is suberb ( a great production job by shernoff ) and the performance flat out rocks . ( i 'd like to add ..... this is not ipod music . this is <NUM> watts a channel and at least <NUM> '' woofers to move some serious air music ) . the major bonus here is the killer versions of the `` go girl crazy '' songs . even the remastered version of the studio album leaves much to be diesired . the songs on this live album finally do those <NUM> year old tracks justice . satisfied ? so add it to cart now or go to zshops and save a few cents . if you 've made it this far on curiosity & your music collection is lacking in the dictator 's department , this album is the album to get . `` viva ! '' is a great representation of what this band is all about . after one listen you 'll be adding all the studio releases to your collection fairly quickly . i only have a few minor `` issues '' to bring up . so , if you are not a fan of the band already , just skip my ranting below , buy the cd and come back to read this later . ok ? the below may be considered blasphemy and i may burn for it . but i need to get them off . the only beef i have about the sound is the imbalance in the guitar mix . ross 's guitar in the right channel is set on about `` <NUM> '' while top ten 's guitar in the left channel is set on about `` <NUM> '' ; and this is a very picky , long time fans criticism . second , this is not a true live album per se rather than a collection of live songs . songs put together with very little between song chatter and audience participation . some songs actually fade out to silence . all this gives the album more of a `` live in the studio '' than audience live recording feel . the last song `` cars & girls '' was recorded at an audience free sound check and sounds no different than the rest of the album . i was really hoping to hear a few between song sermons from manitoba and it was not to be . lastly , no music from `` manifest destiny '' . this may be a contractual issue however and not an oversight by the band . but the one thing that overshadow 's all my nitpicking is ross the boss . if you have all the albums on vinyl , then you know where i 'm coming from . ross 's playing here blends the ferocity of the stooges james williamson with the melodic playing of `` buck dharma '' with a little bit of ace frehley thrown in . he 's never , never , never , never , never sounded better . that 's it ....
this movie was superb . i wish it was available in pal ( not just us/canada 's ntsc format ) . i was both inspired not only with it 's hysterical , insightful humour , but with it 's global appeal . it brings out themes that everybody can relate to , not only the diverse and often lovable flaws in families , but personal problems and insightfully familiar life themes . the movie has great wit and side splitting humour . it 's such fun to watch and this man is a star ! he really should be more widely recognised world-wide , a fantastic film that will leave you feeling inspired and wanting to watch more of this wonderful character . time to come and do a show in south africa too ! what a talent ! ! !
i love the movie jean was a great actor along with joan and her family ... i highly suggest that you watch it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ... also if you watch it screen it for children under <NUM> , as it has a lot of violence with some scary scenes ... such as joan being burned at stake ... also jean is there ...
masques of the red death does not follow the storyline of poe 's story enough for me to use in the classroom . however , the tension and suspense is great
an excellent album . i am a fan of `` i can hear the heart beating '' and `` then nothing turned into somethin '' . this cd is entirely different . yo la tengo pulls a complete <NUM> , and sticks mainly to covers mixed with some original stuff . it has a misty , thematic feel to it , a certain aura of perfectly arranged acoustic guitar and slippery vocals . `` what comes next '' evokes the byrds , especially their `` notorious byrd bros. '' phase . an excellent buy , sit back n enjoy
this is the first volume of churchill 's noble prize winning six part chronicle of world war ii . the gathering storm depicts the rise of hitler and the indifference of the leaders of the european democracies to the clouds of the gathering storm . churchill incorporates contemporary documentation and his own reminiscence in this opening memoir . churchill was a great statesman with great literary ability - a winning combination . the gathering storm a unique work and has a message for us in today 's world . read and reviewed by jimmie a. keple
a terrific book . historical context mixed with current travel experiences in the region . this book provides a solid view of the bushido culture which causes such a high death toll for pows in japanese camps . as this part of the world becomes more accessible , this is a must read for visitors to myanmar who want some historical background
this album is a masterpiece by a legend who , at <NUM> years old , topped the charts . dylan is an extroadinary talent and seems to get even better with age . every song is exceptional and showcases his great talent and songwriting ability
if i was getting a gift for tcm host and film historian robert osborne , and i knew he did n't already have this dvd set i would ( a ) be very surprised and ( b ) buy it for him . this dvd set is for film buffs who are n't satisfied with the essentials that everyone knows about - `` birth of a nation '' , `` the jazz singer '' , `` frankenstein '' , etc. , which are great films , but do n't tell the whole story of early cinema . the set was organized by bruce posner and runs to some nineteen hours , and is an astonishing achievement . the set consists of seven discs each of which explore a different aspect of early cinema . among the films included are douglass crockwell 's `` simple destiny abstractions '' , plus some animations with some very good detail on the level of windsor mccay . the <NUM> version of `` the fall of the house of usher '' focuses more on displaying some complex optical work than the story , reducing poe 's tale to only ten minutes in length . `` night on bald mountain '' is an example of pinboard animation , in which a film is made completely using shadows from a pin screen . this technique continued to be used for decades . suspense - a <NUM> melodrama in which a housewife and her baby are nearly attacked by a knife-wielding drifter - is included because of its split-screen techniques . however , it is also interesting as the beginnings of what became the psycho-thrillers that exist to this day . for the budget conscious , the disc entitled `` picturing a metropolis , new york city unveiled '' is the only disc available for individual purchase . this particular disc is great for history buffs as well as film buffs for all of its views of new york city life during the period from 1890-1940 . the new york city disc moves from early footage of the city , including the edison company 's famous and poetic coney island at night , to charles sheeler and paul strand 's well-known manhattan , to some work by rudy burckhardt , the film-maker , photographer , and painter who was also one of de kooning 's earliest friends in new york . there are also some films financed by the depression-era wpa . among them , elia kazan makes an appearance in a rather odd socialist movie about the poor of new york . there are some pictures sponsored by labor unions that offer 'alternative newsreels ' that expose illegal business thuggery and a reactionary murder cult known as the black legion . entertainment figures that are later blacklisted for their political beliefs and actions also make an appearance here - most notably , paul robeson , an actor often forgotten because of this . robeson can be seen narrating a film on organized labor in this collection . the disc entitled `` the beginnings of cin-dance '' has quite a bit of variety , but is still clearly delimited , opening with annabelle moore 's `` butterfly dance '' and offering near its end david bradley 's peer gynt of <NUM> , starring a teenage charlton heston . some of the best material on the set is from hollywood , probably due to the larger budgets involved . included in this category would be some of the original montages of slavko vorkapich that were done for some mgm movies . this includes a bit of film in which the entire napoleanic war appears to play out in just two minutes . also included is vorkapich 's opening montage to `` crime without passion '' in which three banshees fly about and terrorize the streets of manhattan . the ernst lubitsch `` touch '' also apparently includes montages , and there is an excerpt from <NUM> 's `` so this is paris '' that shows a flapper dance in montage . it does a good job of conveying the wildness of the place at that time , which is part of the central theme of the movie . also included are busby berkeley 's numbers `` lullaby of broadway '' and `` by a waterfall '' , which are light compared to the other pieces with their more hidden deeper meanings . i could go on forever describing the contents of this dvd set , but these were the pieces that stood out the most to me , anyway . the label of `` avant garde '' does not really fit this collection as we know the meaning of the term today . after all , there is work here by the edison company , d.w. griffith , and a host of other people who have secure places in mainstream motion picture history . the `` avant garde '' label is more of an indication that film as an artform during the time period covered was inherently avant-garde just because it was new . the quality of the video is quite good considering the probable shape of the originals . i personally love this set and think it is well worth the price
from choosing desktop computers and their many options to assessing business software and web tools , ramon ray 's technology solutions for growing businesses provides the small business owner with valuable strategies for understanding technology options and needs . this goes far beyond recommending specific brands : it covers the basics of linking business goals to equipment assessment , and includes invaluable information on tech support and effective training for technology use
my daughter received this cd for christmas . she loves it and plays it at least once a day
a somewhat unusual j.a . jance read . edge of frightening . good writing . hard to put down
this soundtrack comes with the .hack//sign vol.4 limited edition dvd . the soundtrack has great new versions of tons of songs from the anime . if your colledcting .hack , it is a must have .
this book helps you look at the big picture from beginning to end . nature should exist in the classroom all year around . i love the open ended growing activities and setting up a growing center . i 'm in the process of doing this in my classroom and the children love it . check out their other books on structures and water too !
if you are looking for and need special features and clips that are as slick as any music video being produced in <NUM> , then i 'm sorry to say you will be disappointed with the mothership connection live from houston . for everyone else , what the dvd chronicles is p funk the way it sounded and was performed each night in the mid-1970s ; you just never knew who may show up to make the concert just a bit more funkier . by the end of the show , the opening act - sly and the family stone - along with bootsy collins and members of his rubber band are in on the funkified jam . recorded in <NUM> , it was at a time when concerts were n't being chronicled on a nightly basis for possible future use . i would wager that a member of the stage crew decided to capture the gig on tape and it was gathering dust in a vault somewhere before the audio was enhanced about as well as it could have been for release . what makes this a special gem is the `` rough '' nature of the video . the band and guest performers were not on stage knowingly making a movie ; this is a tour date with all the power , energy & surprises that george clinton delivered each night to the audience . that in itself makes the dvd an important part of any music collection .
for those of you who saw `` shakespeare in love , '' you will probably remember john webster as the <NUM> year old boy who was obsessed with blood and death . john webster 's plays came out about the time william shakespeare was putting out his final plays . hazelton spencer says this of john webster : `` even webster 's most lyrical verse is preoccupied with decay and death . '' but if we are willing to move past this , john webster 's writing is actually quite impressive . act <NUM> begins with the banishment of count lodovico . interestingly , lodovico tells of the evil bracciano . ( why not ? it would seem people of an evil nature would know each other . ) and through the testimony of his judges , we are introduced to the evil behind lodovico . we later meet the diabolical bracciano himself . he is having an affair with his friend flamineo 's sister vittoria . not surprisingly , vittoria has a nightmare about a massacre . we later see that cornelia ( the mother of vittoria and flamineo ) does not care for them . in act <NUM> , we meet the cardinal . we are allowed to respect him in that he is no flatterer . webster then shows us the division between the diabolical bracciano and the at least moderately virtuous francisco . ( francisco is of course angered that his sister isabella is being mistreated by her husband bracciano . ) but bracciano 's untainted son giovanni breaks the tension with some comic relief . with the use of magical images , bracciano sees his murder plot against his wife isabella and vittoria 's husband camillo come to pass . but lodovico sees the death of isabella , and he will return before long . onto act <NUM> . the cardinal suspects that vittoria had something to do with her husband 's death . we know that it was not vittoria 's fault , but how sorry can we feel for her ? if she was this intimate with the diabolical bracciano , how ignorant could she have been ( unless she was very obtuse ) to the evil she submitted herself to ? the cardinal sentences vittoria to life as a nun . during the trial , flamineo is frightened that his part in aiding the affair will come out . and lodovico makes his return . he loved isabella ( even though she would not submit to having an affair with him ) , and lodovico will avenge her . ( perhaps webster was trying to use contrast between isabella and vittoria to limit our sympathy to vittoria . ) onto act <NUM> . the cardinal informs francisco of his sister 's murder . francisco of course wants revenge . while we have no real reason to dislike the cardinal or see him as a bad person , it is interesting that the cardinal has a book of criminals . can we doubt for a moment that lodovico is listed in it ? ( but like shakespeare and dickens , webster is really skilled at creating fully 3d characters as opposed to hollywood heroes and villains . ) isabella 's ghost appears to francisco . ( probably to make sure francisco will not hesitate in his revenge . ) bracciano and vittoria meet again , and while vittoria is reluctant , she and bracciano marry . act <NUM> ends with the cardinal becoming pope . after rebuking lodovico , the cardinal approves of him joining in fracisco 's revenge . perhaps here , webster is pointing out a 'terrible truth ' that hollywood ca n't figure out . as people , we are not <NUM> % good or evil . and while the cardinal is a virtuous person , he agrees to the revenge on bracciano even to the point of employing the evil lodovico . and while we know lodovico is evil , we probably will applaud him if he contributes to bracciano 's comeuppance . onto act <NUM> . bracciano and vittoria marry . disuised , francisco finds his way into bracciano 's territory . well , fracisco and lodovico succeed in killing bracciano . but things are not quite over . giovanni is sad over his father 's death . vittoria ( bracciano 's widow ) is in charge for the moment . and flamineo thinks he can get some money out of his sister . ( why not ? he aided her in her affair . vittoria probably has access to money now . ) bracciano 's ghost appears to flamineo foreshadowing his downfall . interestingly , in john webster , ghosts appear to the people who were close to them as opposed to their enemies . the play ends in the massacre of zanche , flamineo , and vittoria by lodovico . ( undoubtedly , francisco and lodovico wanted them dead as well to avenge isabella . ) giovanni to some extent restores orders and lodovico tells giovanni that francisco was involved . lodovico can be punished , but what can giovanni do to his uncle francisco ? francisco is also a duke . overall , its a good play , but you do have to have a tolerance for brutal scenes as well as passages preoccupied with death .
there 's a difference between an o.k . album and a good one , all mod cons is neither , all mods con is a masterpeice . it has a level of quality that few albums have , great songs , great production , and great fade ins and fade outs , no this is not just a collection of songs all laced together in any random order . a very well thought out sequence has the album 's lone cover the 60's-ish psychedelic/mod/pop sound that is david watts ( a kinks song ) followed , by & quot ; english rose & quot ; 's acoustic guitar and ocean waves , and when the singing kicks in , and thats when it hits you how good this album really is . & quot ; in the crowd & quot ; 's bass lines , guitar riffs , and melodies , is one of the many gentle gems in the album . and then just when you think you 're listening to a <NUM> 's pop album , & quot ; billy hunt & quot ; 's guitar intro punches in , reminding you , the jam were many things , including a great punk band . well i guess i should end there , thats tracks 4-7. but i should mention my favorite tracks right now are ( <NUM> ) & quot ; to be someone ( did n't we have a nice time ) & quot ; and ( <NUM> ) & quot ; it 's too bad & quot ; but honestly the whole album is a pleasure to hear from the & quot ; 1,2,3,4 & quot ; whisper/intro to the haunting closer & quot ; down in the the tube station at midnight. & quot ; albums just do n't get better than this one , folks
i bought this book in august , <NUM> . at that time , my ra symptoms had me walking with a cane and unable to do any exercise other than very gentle water calisthenics . fast forward <NUM> months , and i feel better than i did before i got sick . i now work out on an elliptical trainer , practice yoga , or take a pilates class <NUM> days a week . neighbors who hardly know me comment on the improvement in my mobility ( i guess a <NUM> yo woman with a cane is pretty noticeable . ) i 've also lost <NUM> pounds . i know what the arthritis foundation and the rheumatologists say about ra and nutrition and i do n't believe them anymore . i ca n't promise it will work for everyone , but if you have ra , please at least try the guidelines in this book . you owe it to yourself to do whatever it takes to get better . only four stars because the text could be better organized
& quot ; two of a mind & quot ; is a studio-only project from the summer of <NUM> . desmond had done a record led by gerry several years prior , and it was mulligan 's turn to play with paul on a project he would control . because of heavy workloads , the two principals collaborated in three separate sessions during june , july and august in new york . also due to scheduling difficulties , the rhythm section changed at each session . on the six tunes which made the original lp , there are three different bassists and two different drummers . also on the six lp selections , desmond did a little studio trickery : some of the improvised solos were put together from different sessions , and on one tune he overdubbed a third saxophone for one verse . if you did n't know this , however , you 'd never guess it . the counterpoint improvs of gerry on baritone and paul on alto are consistently interesting . overall the disc is more uptempo than desmond 's other work as a leader . the product lacks that special magic which can often be found on a good recording by a quartet which plays live together and often , but it is a subtle loss . this reissue adds five bonus tracks , including two with guitarist jim hall which did not make desmond 's final list for lp inclusion , but which are quite nice . the two leads are highly skilled , and they seemed to like each other a lot and to bring out good things for one another . not desmond 's best work by a long shot , nor mulligan 's , but worth owning if you are partial to either man . i 'm glad bmg is doing these bluebird first edition releases from the rca vaults . the booklets are usually quite good . they come in cardboard cases instead of jewel cases , and i 'm not sure if i like that or not yet . maybe they could knock a dollar or two off the price and be an even better value , but if , like me , you enjoy the classic jazz of the 1946-'66 generation , you should buy some of these reissues to encourage the company to keep them coming
perhaps this is the most romantic and most beautiful book of love poems ever written . every word , every stanza is so easily read , so quickly understood , like an arrow to the heard . give this gift to your lover and they will never forget it
it has so many recipes to choose from . this book is great . i recommend it to all of my clients
if your not into sick humour dont buy this . but if you like your humour to the extreme this is something for you . tom green directed this movie so if u like what he usually does . then yeah . u wil love this . i love i
a little wordy and sometimes hard to find the main idea in each chapter . there is quite a bit of info in in the book
i 've never heard such delicate and beautiful playing of bach 's well tempered clavier such as this . schiff coaxes the most incredibly sweet sounds out of his piano and gives these works a new dimension . some of the tempi in the fugues are slower than those of gould 's survey , as indicated by the reviewer below , but his phrasing is so flowing and smooth that it becomes more hypnotic and the listener becomes entranced by it . add to the fact that the sound is remarkably full with just the right amount of resonance without compromising clarity ( compared to gould 's discs which offer impressive crispness but is rather dry in tone ) this set is satisfying in every way
this is a good book for starters like me . it gives you insight about the market , how it behaves and it also discusses the important history in the financial market
` american gothic ' , a tv series , is a supernatural drama consisting of <NUM> episodes , some of which where not aired during the original run . it ran on cbs for one year between <NUM> and <NUM> . its creator sam raimi had already worked on southern horror projects such as ` evil dead i & ii ' and would later go on to direct the southern horror thriller ` the gift ' before breaking box office records with his ` spider-man ' series success . southern horror is nothing new as stephen king attests using some of his best works as an example , such as ` the stand ' . we also have the ` children of the corn ' series ( nobody said all southern horror was great ) , the works of david lynch and ` frailty ' to name a few of what is a whole dvd section unto itself . apart from the modern ` carnivale ' tv series it is hard to find southern horror outside of some ` x files ' or ` twilight zone ' episodes . the most obvious parallel though is to lynch and ` twin peaks ' , and for those who enjoyed peaks , then gothic offers a slightly less satisfying but equally as interesting plot type . gothic is about the town of trinity , deep south southern carolina , that is home to what seems to be the devil himself in the guise of sheriff lucas buck , who in the view of his deputies has never done an honest days police work in his life . buck is creating illegitimate sons in order to sire his successor . caleb temple , an orphan , finds himself caught between his murdered sister 's ghost pleas for revenge while a plot is hatched by buck to turn caleb to the dark side . caleb 's cousin , gail emory and local doctor matt crower , are determined to ensure that caleb does n't fall into the clutches of buck 's psychopathic fatherly lessons . the scene is set for explosive tension between this world and the next . american gothic was aired out of the directors intended sequence by the instances of cbs who also refused to air some episodes . the episodes `` echo of your last goodbye '' and `` strangler '' where not aired . `` potato boy '' and `` ring of fire '' were aired out of sequence . this same inconsistent sequence is presented in the dvd box set . for this reason you need to know the intended viewing order before you watch the dvd . the intended viewing is - `` pilot '' , `` a tree grows in trinity '' , `` eye of the beholder '' , `` damned if you do n't '' , `` potato boy '' , `` dead to the world '' , `` meet the beetles '' , `` strong arm of the law '' , `` to hell and back '' , `` the beast within '' , `` rebirth '' , `` ring of fire '' , `` resurrector '' , `` inhumanitas '' , `` the plague sower '' , `` doctor death takes a holiday '' , `` learning to crawl '' , `` echo of your last goodbye '' , `` strangler '' , `` triangle '' , `` the buck stops here '' and `` requiem '' . compared to peaks , gothic is far more supernatural and slowly burned its way to a specific cult following that did n't generate any ground breaking ratings . a second season of gothic did not appear , however when other stations aired gothic in its intended order the ratings improved . the dvd series is also very popular . there are many reasons to believe that gothic could have been made for extra seasons ( what produ $ er would not ? ) as there are some loose ends , but that is not to say that american gothic does not stand alone as this mini-series , it does and it can . the only real onion is that one of the leads dr. crow ( jake weber ) left the show , or was written out , only a few episodes from the end . apart from these minor production drawbacks american gothic builds slowly but gains a lot of momentum towards the concluding episodes for a mind-blowing supernatural abrahamic type finale on a staircase . if you like a good supernatural tv series and if you like originality with some of the best wit ever scripted and some serious dead pan sarcasm every split second , then look no further . and for those who boil at ` cbs butchery ' they can now own all of the gothic episodes and watch it in the order it was meant to be viewed
i found & quot ; leadership presence & quot ; to be very inspiring not only for leaders and managers but for every human being engaged in the business of life ! as a teacher , mother and grand-mother , i am using some of the skills offered in the book with my students and family and finding them more than useful : profound . this book is not just another & quot ; how to & quot ; book , it comes from deeper waters of presence and compassion . plus it is fun to read , full of great stories . a gem
in its fourth season , csi focuses more on the crimes and their participants , although the regular cast does have some momentous moments : grissom 's surgery results ; his involvement or lack of with sarah , who starts manifesting her own personal crisis ; and catherine finds a new beau and a new paternal figure . as always , the series is ripe with intriguing plots , forensic facts , and crisp writing , editing and performances . jorja fox and eric szmanda continue to grow in their roles while petersen , helgenberger and guilfoyle continue to provide the foundation of excellence for this always enjoyable series . on to season <NUM>
all the great songs you remember from donny & marie . love em ' all .
a friend recommended tony hillerman as she knew i read many mystery books . i became addicted to his writing after the first book . i now have copies of all his books plus a map of the territory in which the stories take place . if you like mysteries with a slight twist and a reasonable ending , you will enjoy any of the hillerman books .
i figured i would watch this movie on a lark ... we all know the jokes about rocky and infinite sequels . the days leading up before i saw the movie , i would chant `` rocky , rocky '' to my girlfriend ( not a fan ) . i was all but prepared for the comic spoofs i was going to make afterward ... but then something happened . as i watched the movie all jokes feel aside when i realized that this was the best rocky ever ! there was a depth and maturity to this movie , probably because we fans have been following the lives of these characters for over <NUM> years . there was almost an intimate documentary like quality to the picture . one can almost see themselves in philly , going up to rocky and shaking his hand . this character is that real . when you watch this final installment , you will realize why you originally were drawn to the rocky movies and character <NUM> years ago . rocky is all about heart and the triumph of the human spirit . and he is all about being true to himself and this movie is all about being true to the fans . check out this movie .
having `` stuck on you '' on this album ( my all-time lionel richie song ) is worth the price of this album alone , there are <NUM> other great tracks by this amazing artist . a must own if your a sucker for love songs like i am
my favourite performance of this classic gilbert & sullivan operetta . kevin kline , linda ronstat , and the whole cast are perfect
this cd is one of his greatest . i 'm glad he released this one because it sure got nice and worn out in my car . the first song , he comes out hard . i wish he would have sung more of these songs at his concert that i attended in the fall . he still wants to wear out his til shiloh cuts which indeed are classics but he is so talented that everything he comes out with is a classic . but this too bad cd is nothing to fall asleep on . get it if you do n't have it already
thought is was a great book with much variety . wished for more pictures though . i like the pictures too
this is a cookbook rarity in that every recipe in here is delicious . i got this book when i was starting out trying to add soy to my diet for better health . i only knew about tofu and i was n't very creative with it either . this book showed me how to make delicious , healthy versions of foods i really love like potatoes au gratin , soy milk pancakes , soy cheese corn bread , pizzas and focaccia , cream of asparagus soup , chowders , chilis , desserts , stews , kung pao tempeh , tofu lasagne , manicotti , cajun dishes and even tiramisu , just to name a few . this book teaches how to use all the different soy products with easy to follow recipes that will give your menu fresh delights based on foods you already know and love . each recipe has complete nutritional information . there are addresses and phone numbers for soy product sources and places to write for detailed soy information of a general nature . the author 's information about the various soy products is a very understandable and helpful introduction to this often overlooked and misunderstood group of foods . her personal notes about each recipe help make the dishes seem like they came from a trusted friend 's kitchen . the best way to make a change in your diet is to make the change as subtle as you can so that your old habits will not be so tempting . these recipes will make you glad you added soy to your diet and your body and the environment will thank you
this is one of the finest blues albums to be produced in the past <NUM> years . right off the bat from the blistering 'testify ' to the classic 'mary had a little lamb ' to the closing jazz influenced 'lenny ' you know this album is going to be something special . srv & td are found here as a trio and you would be hard pressed to find a tighter band . this album is a little more striped down and more bluesy then srv latter works . this and 'in sessions ' with albert king are probably stevie 's best blues albums
famous mathematicians have often emphasized the role of visual intuition ; e.g. , hilbert : & quot ; who does not always use along with the double inequality a & gt ; b & gt ; c the picture of three points following one another on a straight line as the geometrical picture of the idea & quot ; between & quot ; ? who does not make use of drawings of segments and rectangles enclosed in one another , when it is required to prove with perfect rigor a difficult theorem on the continuity of functions or the existence of points of condensation ? & quot ; ( from his famous address at the <NUM> international congress ) . this book is a collection of well over <NUM> one-page proofs , collected from various sources . the topics range from number theory to calculus , and most of them require no advanced mathematics . typically there is a statement of a result , with a labelled diagram showing how it is & quot ; proved & quot ; ; in some cases there are a few auxiliary equations along with the picture . these are not simple , often requiring quite a bit of thought before the & quot ; aha ! & quot ; moment . working through them is a valuable exercise for the student of mathematics -- having seen , e.g. , six different visual proofs of the pythagorean theorem , one comes to really * understand * the result , not just & quot ; follow the logic & quot ; . i have not encountered any better way than this book to & quot ; see & quot ; how mathematical truth is discovered and proved . it can be valuable as a supplement to courses through precalculus and elementary calculus . perhaps one of its best uses is to inspire teachers to present results in a more lively way then & quot ; definition-theorem-proof & quot ; or & quot ; just memorize it & quot ;
decca has put together a wide range of early jazz from a bunch of different artists ; some with tracks you would not expect , which i suspect may have been intentional , the dates vary from 1929-1959 , but the latter date is a bit misleading ( see track list ) . there is no & quot ; modern & quot ; jazz here . it is also a self-admitted limited survey , due to the label . men like ben webster and johnny hodges are not represented due to the fact that no solos from any decca , or decca owned subsidiary , were deemed proper examples of either . but what is included is always classic , even if not the most obvious candidate for the artist . making up for any shortcomings in that regard is the <NUM> page booklet included , which is really half the presentation . well done , informative , and richly packaged , it is a great companion to the disc , and a great gift idea for a jazz aficianado
as a newcomer to my chemical romance , i 've been completely blown away by this cd . that 's the good news . the bad news is that now i have to get all of their previous cds because they 're just too good . there were quite a few cds from my favorite bands that i was anticipating this fall , most of which were a total disappointment . thanks mcr , for giving us a worthy cd to listen to . flashes of queen , the killers ( hot fuss-not the new horrible cd ) , jimmy eat world , even rocky horror picture show -- i could totally envision a broadway show or movie for the theatrical quality of some songs . ca n't recommend it highly enough
mr. farlow came along years before wes montgomery , and never achieved wes 's level of mass appeal . listen to this <NUM> album , however , and you will be amazed . this expanded cd has <NUM> swinging minutes of guitar , piano and bass , but the trio sounds like a quintet at least . the old standards are recognizable , the tunes written without lyrics are interesting , and the absence of horns or drums is n't noticed at all . i wanted this when it was an lp but never got my hands on it . i have coveted it on cd the last few years , looking for a bargain price , but finally settled on something close to full retail . it 's worth it . enjoyable all the way through , i could see how a real guitar lover might declare this to be his favorite jazz disc ever . i expect to hear this one a lot over the next year or two , and to be fully satisfied . read the other reviews posted here for & quot ; why & quot ; it works , and & quot ; how & quot ; tal was so good . as a non-musician , all i can say is & quot ; this one is great fun and what <NUM> 's jazz was all about. & quot
this dvd is very well done . unlike phil hellmuth 's dvds ( which were suprisingly inadequate ) , lederer truly takes the viewer through a number of sound , substantive advice and strategy that acheives its goal -- to provoke thought and to tighten your play . this very much added to my game and gave more , and different perspective ( s ) to this wonderful game . an earlier review claimed that it is `` not complete '' ... to which i would agree , with one caveat -- can any dvd/book/article truly `` completely '' cover such an intricate game ? maybe , if it were a collection of 10-12 disks or more ... but , even then , there are different perspectives and strategies -- some you may subscribe to , others you may not . i only wish this dvd had more to it because of the fact that it was very insightful , helpful and instructive ... i could have watched another <NUM> hours of lederer 's teaching . if you are looking for an instructional course that bucks the trend of those that claim so-called `` million-dollar strategies '' and fall short , and you want to improve your game -- this dvd pays for itself . lederer does n't hold back , afraid of revealing his secrets that may provide for others to beat him at the table . he lays it out in a great framework , delivering it in a way that of him really wanting to help you in your game . another great attribute -- he does n't drone on and on about his tourney conquests with an air of how great he is ( unlike some other dvds - no names mentioned phil ) . in fact , i do n't recall him talking about any of his `` great moves '' , except for situations that he has encountered and the results -- good or bad . lederer is a confident player , and it shows in his teaching of the game . highly recommended !
debra winger plays a detective who is on the trail of a psychopathic woman . she quickly meets , `` falls in love '' and then marries her man , but soon kills him before moving onto the next man repeating the process all over again . when the detective finally locates her in hawaii , she meets her and the two become friends . as she investigates the woman 's web of lies and murder , the woman becomes suspicious of her . when she finally discovers that her friend is a detective , it becomes a deadly rollercoaster ride as she repeatedly tries to kill her . some of the best scenes were ... poisoning the wine scene , the scuba-diving scene , the scalding shower scene , and the end scene
i have just finished watching lorenzo 's oil for the first time and i have never seen acting like this . susan sarandon and nicke nolte should have won oscars for their performances . it is the most intense , inspiring movie you could ever hope to come across . the epitome of what love between father , mother and child can encompass . do yourself a favor and watch this movie .
this much anticipated 2nd title for o'brien is also full of truly solid encouragement of character for every little hero ready to defend his castle . garland 's genius is remarkable ! on the second page , his awesome illustration is sooo designed for little boys ! the only drawback of this book is that it includes the father quite a bit , where i 'd be your princess left the mother out . i was expecting this book to be the ideal title for single mothers , but i 'm afraid it must be designed with a whole family unit in mind . i wholeheartedly recommended it anyhow , because god is the father to the fatherless , and the relationship between the boy and his father can easily be examined that way ! good for mothers and sons of all ages
i can not claim to know much about philip k. dick as this is , thus far , the only one of his novels i have read . but based on a reading of the game-players of titan , it will not be the last . the premise of the inhabitants of earth playing the game , bluff , for spouses and land is wonderful and the story only grows weirder and more original with each passing chapter . the only small quibble is the ending is somewhat anti-climatic after the strongly built , witty , creatively heightened build up but this book is about the journey and one could have no better guide than the author for this unique trip
saw her on tv reality show rockstar inexs ... thought she won ... came in 2nd had <NUM> have more .... think there will b more ? ? ? ? she does n't need losers like these ... anywa
seth rogovoy has written a rich history of klezmer music that should prove to be an important contribution to the field of jewish music . he has captured the spirit and meaning of this most wonderful and expressive musical traditon that is currently in the midst of a significant rebirth . this is an intelligent and loving tribute both to the musical tradition , and to the men and women who have performed klezmer from generation to generation
and it 's a very personal choice . i can totally understand the reviewers who said `` huh ? '' because it 's just that kind of a movie . you either get it or you do n't , as the one featured reviewer pointed out ( a reviewer whose review i was quite amused to see , as i agree with every word of it , and that probably will never happen again ) . yes , the acting is overdone ( or `` stylized , '' if you 're one of the people enamored of this film ) . the plot is implausible and absurd ( or `` fantasy-like and surreal '' ) . the musical choices are a bizarre hodge-podge ( or `` brilliantly eclectic '' ) . about the only thing there could be no argument about is ms lane : you know how good she looks now ? imagine what she looked like in <NUM> in a red and black leather mini-dress . i think my feelings are best summed up by the monologue of raven in this <NUM> box-office bomb that i 've seen more times than any other film besides escape from new york : `` you 're making this harder than it has to be . you and me fall in love for a week or two . i let you go . no one gets hurt . '' that 's what you do with this film for <NUM> minutes . and with dvd technology , able to skip the slow parts , you can get this down to about <NUM> minutes of nearly rapturous bliss .
a fabulous guidebook for art , nature , science and music lovers . complete with historical backgrounds of each museum along with samples of collections . insight guides had done a great job in providing readers with museums ' operation hours/days . it 's easy to use maps are useful in locating the numerous museums and galleries . a star that will help you plan a perfect vacation ! do n't forget to check out other insight guides ' museum series for other european cities . you 'll love them
all i can say is wow , this is one tough ( but excellent ) workout . i am an intermediate to advanced level exerciser and incorporating this dvd into my routine is going to get me into the best shape ever . no question about that ! there is a short segment of ab work , and i would like to see more , but if you 're like me and do other things through the week targeted to your abs , you will be fine . five stars for jari
this is a hard swinging blue note session from the late <NUM> 's . it features a classic line up of clark on piano , john coltrane on tenor , curtis fuller on trombone , donald byrd on trumpet , paul chambers on bass , and art taylor on drums . all of the artists are comfortable in the session and no one musician dominates the set . the selections are arranged as to give everyone room to stretch and explore the collection of standards and clark originals . sonny 's light , nimble touch is on display throughout the session . his solos are well worth listening to several times and swing on each track . curtis fuller has a warm , tender solo on the standard come rain or come shine , and coltrane shines on speak low . everyone gets room to blow on the uptempo opening track , with a song in my heart , with byrd 's bright brassy trumpet leading the way . finally , clark 's compositional skills shine thru on the classic that closes the set , news for lulu . this is another great blue note & quot ; connoisseur & quot ; reissue of a & quot ; lost classic & quot ; , it gets one star automatically for putting all of the alternates at the end of the album instead of stringing them behind the master takes . i recommend this set as a classic straight ahead swinging hard bop date , especially to fans of the & quot ; blue note sound & quot
he is not a new comedian ; right now he is the man ! what a range with clean or dirty jokes/stories . mr. harvey is one of the best out there .. oh , this dvd ... great
great for anyone taking partial differential equations , mathematical physics , and the related courses . carl bender is a master of the field as well as a great book writer , as well as orszag . the only complaint is the type setting -- a bit too small . but not a big proble
seth maheu `` college student '' .... your high . remedy is probably the song i like least on this album . i hate it . the rest of the songs are awesome though , my favs are `` because of me '' `` world falls away '' `` tongue '' and `` simplest mistake '' . this cd is a solid effort . and seth , you know ef all about music . the fact u like remedy the best , and suggested that anything by lloyd banks is worth buying shows you have terrible taste . jurrassic <NUM> are good , but `` amazing lyricism '' ? ? no . jurrasic <NUM> are good because they are fun , and keep the forumla simple and old school . true hip hop . but there are legions of more talented emcees . dont ever say anything about lloyd banks again . he is terrible and makes outdated , gangster bs . he should get over himself and stop furthering the stereotypes everyone has of hip-hop . hip-hop has a terrible name becuase of losers like him , <NUM> , ja , and eminem ( yeah he used to be good ) . buy this seether album
ralph stanley is a god of bluegrass and this cd shows us why . the man 's voice has such character and presence and power . the music is as good as bluegrass gets and the harmonies are great . there is a good variety of music on this cd . from barn burners to slow mournful dirges , its all here . you wouldnt think that an album full of songs about death would be uplifting , but it is . highly recommended
i was sceptical about this movie at first , but i was supricesed how good this movie was . we have sword fighting , romance , pirates , kiddnapping and funny skelletons ! it is absolutely a great movie and i truly reconmand it for both young and old . an amazing great and funny movie with exitmant
while not on the level of `` the interpreter '' in terms of plot depth and character development , `` cellular '' delivers what it says it will : a fast paced , tense thriller that will please most people . the plot is complex enough to keep the watcher guessing what exactly will happen and not bore the audience . there are a number of tense scenes that add to the overall suspense and thrill of the movie . if you 're in the mood for a fast paced thriller this will not disapoint you .
i feel very fortunate to have been able to grab a promo copy of this film . it is a rather dark look into the life of someone who could be your normal 'shy guy ' . however , this one 's got a secret that he 's now got to punish himself for . the movie moves a little slowly , but definitely gives itself time to build up the characters ( not hard , considering it 's focused on 'roman ' ( lucky mcgee ) , who gets almost all the screen time ) . by the end of the film , i was really starting to feel for the character and hoping to see things go his way , despite his issues . i have watched this movie a few times now , and will be continuing to do so quite a few more ... and am looking forward to the regular dvd release so i can check out the bonus features . i would recommend this film to anyone who loves horror , as well as general fans of lucky mcgee or angela bettis . glad to see another good one come out
as i read some of the reviews of people specifically one regarding david ray griffin books compared to this i must wonder about their motives . although i have not read his books i read a few summaries , and concluded on some of the differences between them . david ray griffin seems to put all the blame and cover up on the bush administration ; it also seems to claim that there were explosives throughout the towers causing them to come down and not just the planes . it also claims that the pentagon plane never was a plane . so how do you compare ; peter lance does n't claim that the clinton administration or bush administration knowingly lied , it does however criticize both administrations for not looking into things like they should have . obviously the clinton administration takes a harder hit here because they were in office from <NUM> - <NUM> when most of the planning took place . ( yes i know it is hard for many bush haters not to put all the blame on bush but this attack was planned well before jan <NUM> , <NUM> ) . peter lance goes into extreme detail regarding the people involved in the <NUM> bombing and the people hunting/prosecuting them . there were so many things that were missed on all levels of our government from local police to the fbi to the white house . he does focus on the fbi 's failure more than many other law enforcement because they are the group involved here at home . there are no conspiracy theories , the <NUM> world trade center attack happened ; we know who did it . the uss cole was attacked , khobar towers , the <NUM> embassies in africa and 9/11 . to suggest that some or any of these were committed or covered up by our goverment is insane . peter lance details that there are people out there that are making their living trying to kill americans and their allies . he gives us names , faces actual details . a history lesson in new york city law enforcment . there have been numerous books written about many of the same poeple or by the same people that peter lance mentions ; john o'neil , bob baer etc ... read those books many say the same thing . so is everyone on the government payroll covering up the white house empires ? ? ? ? this book is based in facts that occured up to 9/11 ; it gives details and criticizes many people and administrations for not looking past the tips of their noses . it is n't based on conspiracy theories and is a great book . this book should be read by anyone wanting to know how inadequate our domestic law enforcment is at handling the new terrorist threat
in the tenant of wildfell hall , anne bronte proves herself to be just as capable a writer as her more famous sisters . this novel is about the suffering of one woman living in an unhappy marriage , and bronte uses that story to display the desperation of women of that time trapped in inequal relationships . she also manages to show the strength and cleverness with which women managed to make use of what little power they had . the characters are well-developed and come alive in every scene , and the dialogue of the novel is very powerful . at the end , however , the story peters out ; though the framing of the novel through a series of letters works well for most of the book , the last few chapters are weak , as bronte tries too hard to create a firm end for every minor character she introduced throughout the book , and it does n't quite fit with the narrative . but besides those few pages , this book is solidly written and clearly conceived . i strongly recommend it for anyone desiring a somewhat more realistic view of the period than presented by either of her sister 's novels , but with just as great of writing
received it very fast and very happy with the dvd . well worth the money
dorothy parker was a woman tragically ahead of her time . she wrote with real honesty and wit about what it felt like to be a woman in a man 's world , and her acerbic tongue became legendary . dorothy parker was also a lonely woman who was profoundly unhappy all her life , failed twice at marriage and suicide , and loved her friend and colleague robert benchley all her life , never acting on her desire for him . `` mrs. parker and the vicious circle '' does a wonderful job of depicting dorothy parker 's life on film . it shows parker young and vibrant in the <NUM> 's , which are filmed in color , and then slowly fading into alcoholism in the <NUM> 's , <NUM> 's , <NUM> 's and <NUM> 's . the latter sequences are shot in black and white , which is a fascinating way to structure the film . as the color drains from dorothy 's life , it drains from the screen as well . director alan rudolph , who also wrote the screenplay , does a wonderful job of evoking the period of new york and hollywood in the <NUM> 's and <NUM> 's . jennifer jason leigh is an extremely versatile actress , and she excels as dorothy parker . she looks , sounds , and acts so much like the real mrs. parker , especially in the scenes when she recites some of parker 's most autobiographical poetry . leigh plays dorothy as a woman who simply understood life too well , and was never able to be happy . when younger , she tried to be , but as the years roll on , you can see dorothy slowly giving up , finally allowing herself to be forgotten . in a pivotal scene towards the end of the film , a psychiatrist tells dorothy that she needs to face her pain more directly . tears rollong down her face , she replies `` face it more directly ? i face it every day . i fall in love with married men , but i do it purpose . i drink too much , but that 's because i 'm thirsty . i think my version of pain is more fun than yours . '' leigh gives a brave , intense performance as dorothy parker , and she deserved more recognition for her work than she got . campbell scott is also excellent as robert benchley , the fellow writer that dorothy loved . benchley was a married man , and the two never became intimate , although they loved each other deeply . `` mrs. parker and the vicious circle '' is not always an easy film to watch because it depicts a brilliant and vulnerable woman slowly drowning in her own unhappiness , with no hope that things will ever get better . in life , parker regarded herself a failure as a writer , and died alone and forgotten at the age of <NUM> . her one wish was to die on a cloudy , rainy day . true to her luck , on the day of her death the sun was shining
i truly enjoy this whole cd . i own all of toad the wet sprocket official releases . i have never been disappointed by any of there releases . still , i do have which one of their releases are my favorites . this cd is one of the favorites ... if anything for the track `` hope . '' a beautifully haunting ethereal song which i enjoy playing on those cloudy rainy days . great lyrics , great musicianship , and great artistry . great work from these guys .... well done ! ! !
i loved this musical when i went to see it in late march of <NUM> . but unforutunately the only reason why i did n't give this <NUM> stars is because this soundtrack does n't have exactly what i saw on stage , and i loved that better . this is an awesome soundtrack though . when i went to see this musical , only <NUM> members of the original cast were still on the play : norbert leo butz as `` freddy , '' joanna gleason as `` muriel , '' and gregory jbara as `` andre . '' but , that night i went to see it , gergory jbara was substituted by dennis parlato , so i really only saw <NUM> original cast members . normally when you see a musical on stage or on film for the first time , you do n't really get the `` entire '' taste of the music part because you have to concentrate on the story , the characters , and what 's going on and what you 're looking at . sometimes its even hard to remember the music you heard until you listen to it again without visual aid , unless the performance of the songs were very memorable . and the song that really stuck out here was norbert 's performance of `` great big stuff . '' his physical comedy and every single word rang with crass wit that was over the top and just begs you for more . norbert leo butz plays `` freddy benson '' by the way . when i saw the play , johnathan pryce was playing the part of `` laurence jameson . '' and pryce is an actual british person , which kind of made his role more believable . his voice really fit the part . john lithgow at times appears to lose his accent in the soundtrack . john lithgow is n't bad for the part though , and when he has to impersonate an austrian doctor , he does an over the top job . dennis parlato ( jbara 's substitute ) i believe did a better job at playing a frenchman . his accent seemed less forced than gregory 's here . gregory brings a much more `` snooty '' personality to andre than dennis did . maybe that 's what was originally intended perhaps . mylinda hall played jolene oaks when i saw it , and in my opinion she did a far more fantastic job than sara gettelfinger . sara sounds a bit too `` mature '' and a little older too . jolene is supposed to be young , dumb , and full of fun ! now sherie rene scott does a fantastic job at playing `` christine colgate '' and better than rachel york , the girl i saw . rachel york was good , but sherie does a good job at being a ditz , like christine is supposed to be . she hits those high notes with ease and gives a nice flair of innocence in her role . `` dirty rotten scoundrels '' is a great musical adaptation to a movie , and i believe that you can buy the soundtrack before seeing the play but vice versa . however , if you are listening to the soundtrack before seeing the play , you better take `` a message from john lithgow '' very seriously because you wo n't enjoy the play as much if you see it after listening to the soundtrack . so do what john lithgow says !
beinhart has done us a remarkable service by giving language to a new and critically important concept , that of the fact that is neither secret nor known . by `` fog facts , '' beinhart means to indicate pieces of information that have been published on back pages of business sections of newspapers or picked up by a columnist or two , information that has perhaps been circulated on the internet by those with a passionate interest in the issue and enough free time , information that is accepted as known and established by reporters , editors , producers , and pundits , but which the vast majority of the public has never heard about and would find incredibly important and shocking . the subtitle that beinhart gives his website is `` known facts that have been lost in the fog , '' and by the fog he means to indicate , as described in his book , the onslaught of abundant facts and information about unimportant stories : monica lewinski and o.j . simpson are two examples beinhart gives . but beinhart suggests at least one other force that helps keep some fog facts in the fog : people 's reluctance to believe a really big lie . this , beinhart writes , is `` why it was easy to believe that bill clinton lied about having sex with that woman and hard to believe that bush and his entire cabinet were telling bald faced lies about saddam 's connection to al qaeda and his weapons of mass destruction . '' in fact , one of the fog facts beinhart discusses is the downing street minutes
i saw this movie many years ago and have been waiting for it to come to dvd . this story is especially relevant today , as the country hears more and more about terrorist cells within our midst . it was interesting to see how an everyday joe trains ( hollywood style ) to become an assassin and to follow the action as he avenges his sweetheart 's death
listening to 'mastered the art ' is the acoustic equivalent of running your hand over shag carpet that has n't been vacuumed since the seventies - it reveals a surprising accumulation of hidden textures and diverse beats , from spanish-style acoustic guitars and menacing orchestration to xylophones and galaga samples ( you know the tractor beam sound just before your ship gets taken up ) . 'mastered the art ' is a gigantic mixed-media canvas that subsumes all the brilliance of his previous albums while adding authentic variation and depth . like any original work of art , 'mastered the art ' is difficult to categorize - it represents the leading edge in the ongoing revolution that is combining hip-hop , jazz , groove , and funk into unique and powerful musical expressions . greyboy is an accomplished composer and this album is a masterpiece . now if only he 'd publish the complete list of his 8-track collection . .
after reading many of the reviews here , i note that opinion seems divided on whether it 's truly a good heinlein book or not . most still consider it a pretty fair heinlein yarn , and yet all the reviews i read missed one of the main points of the novel -- which is the main reason why it 's so interesting -- whether it 's a great heinlein novel or not . many have already commented on the various themes of the book , most of which will already be familiar to heinlein fans . the one that was new was the bigotry against the main character , an artificial and genetically enhanced human . it seems most readers found this reaction unlikely , although this theme pervades the entire work . one reviewer asserts that it 's even the primary idea of the whole book . another important theme is the revolt against authority which many heinlein readers will certainly know from his other books such as the moon is a harsh mistress , double star , citizen of the galaxy , stranger in a strange land , sixth column , revolt in <NUM> , and others . the theme of the competent man also takes center stage in this book , another famous and familiar heinlein theme , although in this book it 's a competent , genetically enhanced female . however , all these interpretations , although true , miss one very important point . in heinlein 's novels , the world is often a very unstable and even dangerous place -- but there is always hope , and optimism that conditions will be better in the future . often the main characters in heinlein 's books are intimately involved in this struggle to overthrow oppressive governments -- and usually succeeding , thereby creating a better life for themselves . so no matter how precarious and dark life in the present might be , heinlein always had hope for the future and seemed confident that humans would throw off the yoke of oppression , establish a better society , and basically good would win out over evil . but in this novel , he appears to have at least partly , perhaps substantially , abandoned that hope in favor of a much darker , more dismal , and depressing future for humanity , at least on earth . better prospects can be found off-planet on several newly colonized worlds . the evidence for this is n't hard to find , but is scattered throughout the book in various narratives , and in conversations between friday and her boss , dr. baldwin . by the way , kettle belly baldwin has not appeared , to my knowledge , in another heinlein book since gulf , published in <NUM> . however , all of the other characters are new . so one of the charms of the book is that one gets to meet a lot of new characters , making this book different from almost all of heinlein 's later output , and an old but memorable character is brought back to life in a new context . but getting back to my point , heinlein makes it clear the earth is economically and politically deteriorating , with most of the world now completely balkanized into hundreds of small , petty states , each with its own unpleasant idiosyncrasies . heinlein says most of these small states are faceless ciphers , with a few larger , powerful states remaining . the u.s. is no different , being divided into several smaller sovereign states , along with canada . but these smaller states are often co-belligerants or are at war with each other . it 's said that peace rarely lasts more than a month . in one coup that occurs in the chicago imperium by militant republicans , democrats are rounded up and executed -- including their children down to the age of <NUM> . another alarming idea is that the large international corporations , such as ibm or the shipstone corp. , are also participants and instigators of these wars , and sometimes wipe out entire cities , such as acapulco . these corporations are hard to fight , since they have no single geographical location , and in the book , the internationals seem to be winning over the real or geographically `` localized '' countries . these super corporations are completely ruthless and immoral and killing for hire and mass murder by them are common . heinlein holds out little hope the situation will ever improve -- he sees elected officials as venal and corrupt parasites feeding at the public trough and mouthing fatuous platitudes for consumption by an impotent and perhaps naive public -- a much darker and more cynical interpretation of politics than that portrayed in starship troopers , the moon is a harsh mistress , or double star , in which , if i remember correctly , one character remarks that politics is the only game a mature man can take any pleasure in . even con artists and grifters heinlein sees as more noble -- at least they 're hardworking independents who are n't on the dole and are trying to earn an `` honest '' living . : - ) government and personal corruption are also ubiquitous . the police are not to be trusted in the book , and disposing of them if possible is considered a good idea -- as long as one can get away with it , of course . for a client who is powerful and wealthy enough , even physicians can be made to arrange for a certain patient to `` die '' on the operating table . in fact , almost no one in any position of authority -- except friday 's boss , baldwin , seems to be trustworthy . in conversations with her boss , dr. baldwin , he tells friday she needs to get off planet because of what 's happening on earth and asks her how one can tell if a society is truly sick -- that being when normal conventions of politeness and manners have deteriorated into rudeness -- which the people now take as a sign of strength . in the book , the good people always seem to be on the run and are persecuted -- while the evil flourish unhindered . an epidemic of cholera or bubonic plague that could kill millions is predicted , possibly because of a conspiracy . but baldwin sees this as a social good since cities are so overpopulated and dysfunctional already that thinning out the population -- however it is achieved -- is a worthwhile goal . so overall , it seems a darker and more pessimistic future than anything heinlein had ever imagined up to this time . but one of heinlein 's strengths is his ability to create believable alternate realities -- which again comes through here -- however dark and depressing it might be . whether it 's one of his greatest books or not , i think it counts as an unusual and worthwhile heinlein book because of that
the andy williams christmas album belongs in everyones 's christmas music collection . it is filled with traditional & fun christmas songs , and full of holiday warmth . andy 's voice fills each song with meaning . it 's a great quality cd for the price
the 13th century , europe . russia ( at this time known as `` rus '' ) is at her weakest , with mongolian hordes overrunning her lands to the east . what remains of russia seems ready to fall as the germanic order of the teutonic knights - under the blessings of the catholic church - march on to take the land for rome . thus this is the setting for `` alexander nevksy , '' probably one of the earliest `` great hero versus the evil horde '' type of movies ever made . it is very clear who you 're supposed to love and who you 're supposed to hate in this movie . the russian characters are a grand assortment of loveable characters that are well developed in their own right . on one hand you have vasily and gavrilo , two friends vying for the affection of a young girl who enter a pact that whoever proves bravest in battle will win her hand . you also have have ignat , the friendly armorer who seems to find a bird metaphor for every situation . ( and was personally my favorite character ) on the other hand , the teutonic knights are portrayed as absolute devils . they are a deeply militarized enemy , wearing masks that turn them into a lifeless , faceless enemy . the grand master plans to divide rus among his knights , orders the death of russian pow 's , and in one scene tosses babies into a bonfire . ( although in eisenstein 's defense , this was n't his creation - that was what the teutonic knights supposedly did ) likewise , the russian who betrays the city of pskov to the germans is hated by alexander even more than the grand master is . a lot has been discussed about the propaganda nature of the film . obviously at the time there was tension between the soviet union and nazi germany , and this surely inspired eisenstein in his work . the villifying of the germans as well as the subtle symbolism - the swastika-like shape on the bishop 's hat and the hands hand sticking out of teutonic helmets as if in a sieg heil - can only support this . the film 's soundtrack is peppered with patriotic russian songs calling for the people to rise up against the enemy , defend russian land , and the usual calls to arms . i do not feel , however , that this detracts at all from the film . eisenstein was always an artist first and a politician last . the character of alexander nevksy is portrayed as dashing , compassionate , brave , and a man-of-the-people because that was how russian legend portrayed him , and that was how he was emoted through the actor nikolai cherkassov . a lot of people have said he is a metaphor for stalin , but at no point in the film did i think , `` wow , this nevsky is a lot like stalin . '' nevsky is no more like stalin than were king david of the bible , aragorn in `` lord of the rings , '' or davy crockett of the alamo 's legend . some of the more negative reviewers have wondered how stalin signed the pact with germany after this film was released - the truth is , the film was n't released for too long . the soviet government approved it 's making , then removed it from theaters after the non-aggression pact was signed with germany . eisenstein was heartbroken because , as stated before , he was always an artist before a politician . it should be noted especially that for a time before this film as made he could not get support in russia because the communists disapproved of his putting film method over party ideals . and eisenstein 's touch for filmmaking certainly shines through here , as the man who brought us the famous odessa steps sequence in `` the battleship potemkin '' brings us the the battle on the ice sequence . the close shots of hand-to-hand combat are stunning for the time they were filmed . ( even if by today 's standards it looks like a bunch of guys clanking their shields together ) from nevsky 's cavalry charge to the teutonic shield wall to the crumbling of the ice , you 'll find yourself rooting for the russians at least once or twice . ( i especially laughed at the part where gavrilo grabs a german , spits in his face , and axes him out ) regrettably , the dvd is not too good . there 's not even a title menu - when you put the dvd in it goes straight to the movie , and when it 's done it goes to the chapter selection . there 's no commentary , no original trailer , no cast bios - nothing ! this combined with an unrestored audio track and sloppily placed subtitles almost hurts the movie-watching experience . considering this film is put alongside `` battleship potemkin '' and `` ivan the terrible '' as eisenstein 's greatest films , i think it deserves something better . maybe in the future criterion will do what they did for akira kurosawa 's `` ran '' and finally give the film a decent dvd release . wait ... technically they did , but it 's in an $ <NUM> dvd compilation with `` ivan the terrible . '' i suppose if you 're willing to bring out the extra bucks , you can be happy at last . all in all , i was not disappointed with this film . if you liked `` the battleship potemkin , '' like russian cinema , or you want to see a good foreign film , ( or you want to see what the russians had before `` lotr : the two towers '' was made ) this i definitely recommend this movie
i teach high school and this video did a few things for me . first , it showed me the importance of elementary school teachers in pin pointing learning disabilities . second , it is important for parents to explore different possibilities for why students are n't performing . i have an <NUM> yr old nephew who was just diagnosed with severe dislexia and the original prescription was drugs for add . explore the possibilities ! third , the specific story of the teenager drove home the importance of having smaller classes in high school . i have <NUM> kids in each class . i know that for some , that is small . i have <NUM> classes . it is impossible for teachers , most of us wish we could , to be able to cater to the needs of each individual student . the video showed the importance of not only giving a correct diagnosis for a students problems , but the importance of following through and working with the student , so he or she can really succeed . the real stories showed the emotion that not only the students go through , but the families as well . it is a firm reminder that children need understanding , not labels . i recommend misunderstood minds
the single shot camera action in the beginning is a bit nauseating , but it adds to the affect of the storyline very well . simply done and well acted . this one 's worth seeing just figuring out the story . graphically realistic situation that can happen to anyone .
tempting tropicals is a horticultural tour de force , packed with detailed information about growth habits , propagation tips , and the soil , temperature and light requirements of more than eight score tropical plants . the fascinating , well written text is ornamented with full color photographs of these exotic beauties that marvelously display each plant 's unique attributes . the superb text and photos are presented with the exacting production values that the publisher is well known for in the gardening community . this book is a must for all real phytophiles
a toast ! tenure all around . bravo , marvellous . all of you -- really . really , truly marvelous . so many insights . you 've got paris on the iowa river out there , you really do . a round table to make king arthur proud . a real salon -- kantian style . brilliant , on every possible level . so true , everything was so true ; and so well-said , from start to finish . not a word out of place . ideal . perfection ! stupendous ! i ca n't rave enough . tenure for everyone ! on me
this is the first shania twain album that i ever bought and it still sounds as fresh to me as the day i bought it . her personality and gift for singing with real feeling comes across here more strongly than most of her albums . there is a sensitivity , warmth and zest for life that is communicated that is hard to put into words . both the fast and slow songs on this album are very good and the ballads are particularly moving
how can you not love a bunch of guys out to make some real quality latin/rock/jam music ? every one of the band members has talent out the wazhoo . the only criticism i can make is that they toned it down too much for the cd . it 's real chill , pre-game type music but when you see them live all you wan na do is grab a fine lady and dance till you wear her sexy latin legs out ! ! buy the cd , but more importantly , if they 're ever playing near you do n't even hesitate to buy a ticket ( and make sure you have a date ! ) ! ! !
great movie on the power of the media that still resonates today . griffith and patricia neal give great performances . well written and well acted .
after seeing brokeback mountain , i decided to see more of ang lee 's films and came upon this gem that perfectly shows the same type of sad melencholy used in brokeback . the film takes place in the <NUM> 's and centers around two family 's the hoods ( consisting of kline , allen , ricci , and mcguire ) and the carvers ( consisting of weaver , wood , and that one kid ) who go through many events that boil together one night during an ice storm . the husband of the hoods is having an affair with weavers character , the kids are exploring sex and drugs , and allens character goes from shop-lifting to cheating on her husband too . the film plays out in two parts , the first hour or so is mainly a comedy while the last hour plays like a drama that leads to a very sad ending . truly a great ang lee film , must check it out if you loved brokeback
most people think that the heavily overrated black album is metallicas best cd . i completely disagree . this would be their best cd . although this band was never as good as megadeth or slayer , this cd is still an epic in metal . this cd is their most technical release . the guitars are very complex , and while they can not compete with the brutality of slayer or the technicality of megadeth , they are still complex , with lots of crushing riffs and wailing solos , as well as many melodic parts . you ca n't hear the bass very well , but the guitars more than make up for it . the drums are great . too bad metallica would follow up their best cd with their sellout album , then sink into the mainstream . this cd is awesome enough , but rust in peace is even better
cusack plays hoops in a role that can best be described as a typical john cusack role . demi moore plays a supporing role/love interest for cusack is a way that is very different for demi . if you are a fan of cusack , savage steve holland , or 80s movies then you will like this . similar to `` better off dead .
anybody who has ever worked in any service industry should and can appreciate this movie .... as a floor capitan in an above average resturant i would have sworn they filmed it in my establishment at times .... as i watched - i saw so many people that fit the characters in the movie in my own place .... as the saying goes on the box - `` never upset anybody who comes in contact with your food ! '' this goes along with what my own father told me when we first came to the usa . people get off your cell phones and watch this hilarious movie
ignore the previous reviewer because it is full of clarical errors . first off , houdini was released in <NUM> , not <NUM> . i do n't understand this rambling about the melvins going downhill in <NUM> starting with houdini . kurt cobain was the one who helped the melvins get on a major label ( atlantic ) and it lasted for three albums before they were decided as being too nontradtional and not mainstream accessible . houdini , stoner witch and stag comprise this era , and all are fine albums worth owning with perhaps stag being the most unconventional of the three . i do n't get how anyone could be critical of the melvins , because as a whole , they have an impressive body of work that is always expanding and does n't get pigeon holed in any preconceived notions of genre or labels . also to dismiss `` what ever they have done in the last ten years '' without even bothering to listen to it is just plain ignorant . to recap : all melvins albums are worth owning if you give them a chance the post <NUM> work includes honky ( <NUM> ) the magggot ( <NUM> ) the bootlicker ( <NUM> ) the crybaby ( <NUM> ) electroretard ( <NUM> ) the collusus of destiny ( <NUM> ) hostile ambient takeover ( <NUM> ) the pigs of the roman empire ( <NUM> ) and yes even the most recent album with jello biafra is worth picking up . enjoy
from where metheny and his group members , ( of a common soul , i 'd almost swear , playing different tools from the same heart with different fingers ) take me and took european audiences on this album , i would have titled it `` levitation . '' music , well composed and performed , built and played with care , love , creativity and talent , takes me places that approach ecstatic . with this work on the audiograph i am transported places very few other musicians have ever taken me close to , in any genre . i can only compare it to feeling lifted up and floating , being held aloft -- levitated -- by pat 's group , working together so tightly while flowing , like liquid , over and through the songs ' melodies , arrangements , rhythms . listening , right now , to this cd 's version of the metheny-mays standard `` first circle . '' am in the clouds ! think it 's just my opinion ? listen to the crowd ! damn ! those big , blocky mays chords . buy the album . put it in a car 's player . turn it up ! ! ! you will thank me . you will thank those <NUM> guys . you wo n't want to get where you 're going . le
diamond girl '' is a vintage collection of folk-rock tunes clearly rooted to the mid-70s and one of the finer albums to emerge from that cluttered genre . though seals and crofts were a duo , their fine-honed sound would not have caught the public 's ear without the able assistance of producer louie shelton , who really shaped and smoothed their sound , and multi-instrumentalist jim lichtig , who shares writing credits for several seals and crofts ' songs . a cast of fine session musicians contribute as well , and the set . i would say that nearly all of us who listened to the radio back when this cd was popular will always recognize the opening chords of diamond girl within a millisecond and drew comfort and permission from the philosophy in we may never pass this way ( again ) . this cd has other jewels as well , nine houses , jessica , and wisdom , and all in all contains more baha ' i themes than some find comfortable . a pair of older tracks , such as dust on my saddle and standin ' on a mountain top , both penned before there was a seals and crofts , do not hold up as well . note that this cd is not actually a warner brothers release , which may bode well for those , like myself , hoping to see more of this duo 's catalog appear on cd . after their antiabortion stance on a later recording , `` unborn child , '' the band 's popularity began to wane and they found themselves being judged more on politics than music .
i am a cpa & i watched the film in an ethics class we are required to take , essentially because of the fall of enron . i have since bought the video & watched it at least <NUM> other times . of course there are political slants . for example , they try & tie the bush administration ( s ) ( sr. & jr. ) to enron . but , the majority of the film deals with what happened to enron , so that in the end , the stock you purchased was worth $ <NUM> . i would highly recommend any person interested in business or the fraud aspect in business to watch this documentary . a riveting documentary on the rise & fall of enron & who the major players in enron were .
with a renewed interest of the `` western '' genre in <NUM> 's & <NUM> 's ( young guns , tombstone , unforgiven ) and classic tv series being made into films , maverick was a natural . to sum up the film , it is just a plain fun . richard donner and mel gibson take their collaboration from the lethal weapon films ( and even take danny glover along for a hilarious cameo as far as even saying `` i 'm getting too old for this -- -- ! '' ) to make a very satisfying comedy-adventure-western . everyone seems to be having a good time in this film and the audience is brought along for the ride . james garner who originated the roll on tv is brought back as marshall zane cooper . mel gibson is perfectly cast in the lead and is so likeable and engaging that no matter what predicament he gets himself into , he 's going to get out of it . the plot is mainly maverick trying to get to , and raise funds for , a poker tournament on a louisiana steamboat . along the way he runs into hilarious obstacles and miscreant while meeting up with unsavory charactors etc . jody foster on the heels of two major best-actress oscar wins , plays it light and is surprisingly hilarious as card shark/con artist annabelle bransford . alfred molina ( spider-man <NUM> ) shows his versatility once again as bad-guy `` angel '' , maverick 's arch enemy . graham greene is hilarious as the politically incorrect native american , joseph who is after the mighty dollar . also , a who 's who of veteran tv and movie character actors appear in the film during the marathon poker tournament making it fun to point them out . lastly , veteran james garner is good in everything he does . the closing scenes with garner & gibson with a surprising revelation is one of the highlights of the film and totally satisfying . overall , fun , light , entertaining and perfect
i really liked this book . it was funny and well-written and all those things that you like in a book . however , all of the reviews i read of this book said that mary anne was to blame , but i think dawn was a little , too . what i mean is , she was n't very sympathetic to mary anne . poor mary anne was moving into a brand-new house with a new family-a whole new lifestyle . and even though she had wanted to live with dawn and wanted their parents to marry , any big change is hard . i wish dawn had seen that . oh , well . great book ! perfect for a funny read
very good commentary on revelation , from the viewpoint of everything but the final judgment occurred in the first century a.d
a bunch of stoned girls running around naked on the beach ! black and white <NUM> 's boobies rule
this is a very good , contemporary visual text of a resistant fairy-tale . it is a valuable teaching resource for the teaching of writing of this particular type of text . plus the kids love it and it 's a bit of fun !
we bought this installment of the `` disney treasures '' series when it was released late in <NUM> . my <NUM> year old son and i just watched these cartoons again ( oct. <NUM> ) and we both love them . i would have to agree , however , with those reviewers who have noted that visually the cartoons in this vol . <NUM> of the `` chronological donald '' were not restored to the same degree of perfection as those in earlier releases , including vol . <NUM> of the `` chronological donald '' and the release containing many donald world war ii cartoons entitled `` on the front lines '' . there is a clear difference in quality , which is apparent when the donald cartoons previously released in `` on the front lines '' and repeated in this collection are compared to the cartoons that are new here . the former are visually superior , not because they were better to begin with , but because they have been more carefully restored and transferred . this is a shame . one hopes that in chronological donald vol <NUM> ( apparently not to be released in <NUM> , but perhaps in <NUM> ) there will be a return to the quality of vol . <NUM> and `` on the front lines . '' one might even hope for a new , improved vol . <NUM> , but that is probably not in the cards
listening to this brilliant series of tunes is like taking a long breath of fresh air . it truly touches the soul . i bought the cd on & quot ; spec & quot ; after hearing a couple of tracks about <NUM> months ago . smart move ! over time , it has become the a , number one listening choice for almost everthing i do . there is true beauty and depth in each track . it is well worth the money spent . i 'm looking for anything else luis and the un band might have recorded . do n't hesitate . you wo n't be sorry
this is one of the best cds i have purchased in a long time . very raw and emotional . a great , great find
i bought this book <NUM> months ago because as an aspiring chef i have the need to learn as much as possible for lack of teachers in my area . i have learned how to make mayonaise , most of the basic sauces and the pate and the crowd pleaser , turkey gallantine . i am thrilled to have this book amongst her other books in my collection which i refer to daily . i recommend this book to anyone who is wanting to learn from the masters ( as there is not very many of them left ) the art of cooking and making french and any other type of food . as for people who claim some sort of health knowledge like tereshina ( which she obviously does not posses ) , i think she is one of those bitter people that needs to add some sugar and spice to her already depressing and pathethic life or better yet keep eating that darn styrofoam junk
i 've been listening to chris cornell for about two years , after discovering him in audioslave . then i heard `` black hole sun '' and `` spoonman '' and after that more or less forgot about soundgarden . my friend lent me this cd one day and i forgot about it for a month or two and finally listened to it yesterday and well ... wow . first off , chris cornell has one of the strongest , most recognizable voices in rock and he has such range it 's amazing . these songs are all hard , raw , catchy , and all have a great guitar & drum sound . `` outshined '' is probably my favorite soundgarden song of all time . no rock fan should pass this up : <NUM> . rusty cage-5/5-one of my favorite soundgarden songs . it 's fu * * ing great ; chris cornell hits some great notes too . <NUM> . outshined-5/5-fu * * ing killer ! the chorus is catchy as hell . <NUM> . slaves & bulldozers-5/5-chris cornell has an awesome screaming voice . this song has some good lyrics , guitar solo is good , and matt cameron 's drumming stands out . <NUM> . jesus christ pose-5/5-i do n't know what this song is about , but it kicks a $ $ . the music ( guitar & drumming anyway ) is really good . <NUM> . face pollution-5/5-great title , the song is ok . the shortest song on the album . i know i 'm probably hallucinating but it sounds like maynard james keenan ( lead singer of tool ) is singing gibberish at the end . <NUM> . somewhere-5/5-the most harmonious song on the album , but there 's still some `` screamage '' . <NUM> . searching with my good eye closed-5/5-the opening of the song with a man naming animals and what they say and finally stating `` the devil sounds like this '' and then cornell begins singing is great . really good lyrics too . <NUM> . room a thousand years wide-4/5-the music is good , but the vocals are kind of overshadowed by the music ; hence 4/5 <NUM> . mind riot-5/5-easily has the least amount of screaming of any of the songs . cornell sings the song perfectly . <NUM> . drawing flies-5/5-lyrics are good . <NUM> . holy water-5/5- ( no comment ) <NUM> . new damage-5/5-one of the best on the album . the album goes out with a bang !
baltasar and blimunda is a wonderful , richly detailed account of life in early 18th century portugal . it is a time when portugal fought the ruthless french , maintained an important colony in brazil , and was constantly under the threat of the holy inquisition . the king of portugal , dom joao v , desperately wants an heir to the throne . one night he promises a franciscan friar that if he can foretell a succession to the throne then he would build a convent in mafra . after the queen gives birth dom joao v fulfills his promise by building a convent that is destined to be the greatest in portugal . meanwhile , after losing his hand on the battlefield baltasar travels to lisbon where he eventually meets blimunda while watching public executions of condemned individuals . an eccentric padre bartolomeu lourenco recruits baltasar and blimunda to work in secret creating passarola , a flying machine that resembles a giant bird . centuries before the modern airplane is created , the act of flying is often beyond the comprehension of individuals and could be seen as a holy sign . the sections of this book detailing the plight of passarola are most entertaining and fun . this creates a good balance with the harsh details of the building of the convent . saramago succeeds in writing entire passages revealing how much work and sweat were involved in such acts as dragging a giant slab of marble a considerable distance . one might think these passages are dull and tedious , but i believe saramago highlights these arduous aspects of life that are often ignored by other authors who create works of historical fiction . throughout the years saramago has solidified his reputation for being a wonderful storyteller who create novels that are both shocking and revealing of the human condition , and bastasar and blimunda is no exception . highly recommended
though this is a long read ( not to be undertaken in one sitting -- -at least by those without some background in the region/culture ) it is well worth it should you wish to cultivate an understanding of russia & eastern europe . the novel is very true to historical detail , and although many of its characters are of course fictionalized , rutherford has clearly gone to painstaking lengths to remain historically correct -- -far moreso than most `` historical '' novels . reading `` russka '' will leave you with a true sense of a people and how they have evolved historically & culturally over the span of centuries . i am a professor & i used this book with one of my classes as assigned reading , with sections of `` russka '' paired with corresponding sections of a russian history book with truly wonderful results -- -rather than griping about the reading load as usual , most students loved the book and via the novel & the pairing with the text , they seemed to learn a great deal . addendum ( feb <NUM> ) . those folks who have criticised the book should perhaps view the book in the right light . it is not intended to be nor should it be used as a text book or scholarly treatise -- -though it would be a wonderful and creative suppliment for the latter . it is a very well crafted and meticulously well researched historical novel and in accuracy of detail it is far superior to most ( e.g . some of michener 's `` historical '' novels contain egregious innacuracies
i am not sure if this is the same cd/album that i heard about <NUM> years ago . most often as time goes by an artist will improve with age , getting better as time goes on , learning from beginning mistakes etc . so from this generalization , i believe that he has gotten better . plan to order this soon
i love t.m . revolutions music , it is just so upbeat and so awesome their are hardly any words ! i love this cd , i listen to it all the time ! my favorite tracks are invoke , meteor , and heart of sword ! he is such an awesome singer ! i highly recommend his music to anyone who is into jpop or wanting to get into jpop !
a must have along with blow by blow and wired . worth it for big block and guitar shop songs alone . jeff beck , the man , the myth , the legend
promises made are not always promises kept . we all say that we want education to be a priority for all . do we all really support that ? the shame of the nation exposes the compliancy that many americans have when it comes to actually promoting equal opportunities for all . we want our professional athletes and olympic contestants to be able to compete and train in the best facilities and with the best practices . this enables them to reach their fullest potential and beyond . we should all be willing to support this endeavor for the education of all of our students . this book helps us to walk in another 's shoes and truly empathize with the inequaties that so many children must deal with . reading this book should open ones eyes to how many future adult american are set up for failure . brown vs. board of education may have imposed laws for equality but it must go further into the mindset of funding agencies . if we are truly to become equal , we must alleviate the barriers that cause the fragmentation of opporutnity and success . educators want the opporutnity to teach and have the necessary materials and support to do so . administrators want the same . the educators and students make the best out of what is given to them . if limited resources are available and offered , how can we expect teachers and students to excel . policy makers and politians must make an effort to walk in another 's shoes . making the educational needs of all of our student 's a priority must be at the front of the list . these are future americans . the pride and ownership that we instill and facilitate in our young americans will carry us on for years to come .
playing time - 38:26 -- if you know what 's best for you on a saturday night , then you 'll pick up a copy of `` horseshoes & hand grenades , '' for a driving set of summar 's rockin ' country music . actually , he calls it `` farm rock , '' a convergence of chuck berry and george jones . full of grit , trent incorporates strong rhythmic intensity as the foundation for his striking stories and just plain ol ' fun rowdiness . the elements all lend perfectly to our listening amusement . they hit the ground with a steady gallop from the first song to the last , even with the brief eccentric punk/grunge moments in `` he stopped loving her today '' that will either get you frowning or smiling depending on how open-minded you are to the boys having a little fun with the country classic . i have n't heard the album that trent put out in <NUM> ( or his <NUM> `` hank flamingo '' release ) , but understand that it brought plenty of airplay , gig and tour offers ... even landed him a showcase on the grand ole opry . produced by rand bishop , `` horseshoes & hand grenades '' further indulges us with some eclectic alt-country instrumentalists and background vocalists . remember the ozark mountain daredevils with their blend of country rock , bluegrass , and southern boogie ? bassman/vocalist michael `` supe '' granda was a founding member of that group . and the 1980s atlanta-based georgia satellites with their stones-like guitar grunge ? guitarist/vocalist dan baird was a key member of that enjoyable band . steel guitarist gary morse is a regular with brooks & dunn . other experienced musicians in the new row mob include dave kennedy ( drums ) , ken mcmahan ( guitar ) , and a host of others who appear to a lesser degree on the cd . mike webb 's piano and b-3 organ are noteworthy . besides those collaborations with other nashville-based writers , a number of the musicians on the album co-wrote many of these songs with summar . and you may have already heard some of the songs covered by others like billy currington ( `` she knows what to do with a saturday night '' ) , gary allan ( `` guys like me '' ) , and jack ingram ( `` love you '' ) . that 's a feather is summar 's cap for other up-and-coming singers to acknowledge the sturdiness of trent 's material . without being too disparaging , i found the similarity of the beat in a few of the songs to create a modicum of banality . but , for the most part , the set progresses as a successful , raucous journey from beginning to end . reminiscent of the bakersfield sound , the country rock-infused groove and clever lines convey some deliriously fun messages . some other catchy hooks , and even some rustic bluegrass flavorings , are found in songs like `` hayride , '' `` pink john deere , '' and `` girl from tennessee . '' hitting you like an express train , `` louisiana nashville line '' is full of steam . in `` guys like me , '' trent sings `` it 's hard to find a place to play my guitar , they 're trying to put an end to guys like me . '' i 'd say this album will fetch him plenty of fame and gigs . trent 's well on his way to landing his golden dreams on solid ground . ( joe ross , roseburg , or . )
there and back was a change of pace for jeff beck . his sound became more electronic . this is a departure of his previous albums , blow by blow and wired . personally this along with blow by blow and jeff beck 's guitar shop are my three favorte jeff beck albums ever . the two songs on this cd that will open your ears and get your attention are , star cycle . the entire album is worth the price of the cd . star cycle is not only great guitar but great keyboard as well . the combination of the two is outstanding . the pump is also on this album . the pump is probably in my top <NUM> for the best jeff beck songs ever . jeff beck uses distortion in much the same way jimi hendrix used it to augment his guitar style . no jeff beck collection is complete without this album . this is my mind is one of the outstanding albums in rock history . jeff beck is a master guitarist and this cd will show you why
i enjoyed the war of the roses , so much so i loaned my dvd to someone and was waiting for it to be returned so that i could watch it again . excellent movie
just remember `` a man a plan a canal panama '' reads front to back and back to front great book by a great author .
my boyfriend loves charlie brown so this was a great gift for him
this is a very good suspense/thriller about a mother played by jamie lee curtis who abandoned her family and now she wants custody and access to her sons . ms. curtis gives a sensual and yet chilling performance in this movie as the sociopathic mother who will not stop at anything to achieve this goal . ms. curtis ' father is tony curts who is hungarian just like my father was and i must say they do make beautiful daughters from that country . this movie rocks and so does ms. curtis who is now a baroness in real life
i felt a bit guilty about watching this foul-mouthed movie , but i have to admit that i laughed myself silly . but do n't make the mistake of letting your kids watch this one . despite the `` santa '' name , it 's definitely not for children . i use the `` would i want to watch this movie with my mother '' test , and the answer is a huge no
i 've been a linda ronstadt fan for years , and must say this cd pretty well covers her bigger hits . it does n't quite cover all my favourites , but there 's only so many songs they can fit on one cd . cheers , hazel
after watching this one time through you will either think it was an awesome production of action and effects ( geared towards those with a small attention span and thirst for raw action rather than a good story line ) or that it is a complete mess . i admit that i enjoyed what i thought was mindless entertainment , but at the same time was left slightly disappointed with what i thought was a hollywoodish anime ( not a good thing ) . however i was fortunate to see one ova at a time , therefore i watched the first ova about three times , the second two times and at last all three together ( these three are what make up the contents of this dvd ) . so by the time i finished this first half of the story i pretty much understood it . this dvd entails a complicated kaleidoscope of events that eventually jumble into a collage of a story . honestly this is a very good anime with a very good story once you are able to breath it all in . it appears as a mess because the director throws everything at you almost at once ; however i believe that is what he intends . as the story goes on the knots that make up the story untwine ( ova to ova ) . so expect the first ova to be the most complicated and confusing . but if you read the summary first the story will make more sense the first time you watch it . finally , the animation and cg is second to none . it is an extremely beautiful anime . sooo , i highly recommend reading the summery on the back of the box first
it 's not a movie for those who hate to see sex on screen and this is certainly not porn but art to the highest degree , scenes of actual penetration and oral sex are such that they seem to draw you into the artist lear that is ken park . the plot is solid enough without being staid , the acting is good . i found this absolutely easy to watch simply because this is reality .... reality onscreen for once ... passion is here , sex is hear , nudity is hear ... trust and love is here for all to see . this is film making as it should be ; giving the view a film where they have to see it a few times to come to grips with it 's sheer uniqueness . i recommend this .
esta fabla es fcil de leer para pequeos y grandes , y con una de las mejores enseanzas . la le cuando tena <NUM> aos y ahora <NUM> aos despus sigue siendo una de mis historias favoritas . la prosa de esta historia es refrescante . el pricipito se convertir en una persona real , que te llevar a conocer gente y lugares , pero sobre todo te ensear una de las ms importantes lecciones en la vida . esta lectura la recomiendo a esas personas como yo que les gusta soar y aprender . es todo un auto-examen de personalidad . que lo disfrute
... so stop trying . dave attell is dirty , dirty fun . attell is ten times dirtier than anything andrew dice clay ever even considered , but he 's at least one hundred times funnier
book # <NUM> in the in death series . in this book you have several brutal rapes and murders . the victims are posed and tied with the same red ribbon . as no links but basic body type and the red ribbon are found eve 's investigation is tough . celina sanchez is a psychic claiming to have `` seen '' the murders . eve is skeptical , but willing to use any help she can get . as the rapes take their toll on eve , she finally confides in peabody her heartbreaking childhood . it is about time ! one of the funniest scenes ever written is when mavis and leonardo ask roarke and eve to be in the delivery room for the birth of their baby . i laughed so hard ! it 's classic . spoiler ... at one point a key member of eve 's `` family '' is taken down by the killer . you feel every blow . roarke just could n't be any better :
mirman 's humor is an acquired taste , but once you acquire that taste , you will keep coming back and reveling in its deliciousness over and over again . the problem with eugene lies mostly in the fact that you have to appreciate utter absurdity in order to enjoy him . i can enjoy it and i love the album . take a sample , if you like one bit , take the whole thing . otherwise , wait awhile , mirman needs time to truly live up to his potential which he gives us a peak at in `` florida '' and `` shapes for sale . ''
i never even knew that i was a fan of doris day until i heard one of her songs in a recent popular movie . i bought the 'greatest hits ' album , thinking the song would be on there , and it was n't . it did n't matter - because i fell in love with the album anyway . i was never a fan of 'fifties ' music , however , this album has a timeless quality that anyone could love . it makes you feel like you should be in a dimly-lit night club with some brandy , a fine cigar , and a beautiful woman sitting atop a black baby grand . enjoy
`` hits '' is a collection of <NUM> songs from phil collins solo career , from 1981-1998 . i 'm a big fan of genesis ( both phil collins ' and peter gabriel 's ) , and phil 's `` groovy kind of love '' was playing on the way home on my first day of school , so i 'll always have a soft spot for this collection , and though it 's missing and has room for a couple of the hits i would have liked ( like `` do n't lose my number '' ) i have gone through a couple of copies of this one . phil really has a warmth and honesty to his love songs that 's pretty unique . his earthy voice , matched with the particular production he prefers , captures and evokes the 1980s pretty well too . that 's not to say he 's just 1980s ballads . he also sings of contemporary issues like in `` another day in paradise '' and `` both sides of the story '' , and does interesting descriptions of character in songs like `` in the air tonight '' and `` take me home '' . there 's a good mix of all that here . phil 's voice can get pretty powerful , on `` i wish it could rain down '' for intance . he 'd come a long way from quietly singing `` for absent friends '' ( one of his first recorded songs , featured on the <NUM> genesis album `` nursery cryme '' ) . he 's a great drummer too , always had been , and even then he 's not afraid to play around with a drum machine , which were seen to some as a bit threatening in the 1980s , from what i 've read . the bonus track on `` hits '' is a version of cyndi lauper 's `` true colours '' , with some backing vocals by babyface . it 's pretty laid back , fits in with the hits , and i 'm glad to have it . the booklet folds out into a mini-poster with the vague impressions of his solo album covers ( as painted on this cd art ) on it . on the other side , there are credits for all the songs , which were interesting . i had no idea both sting and phil 's old friend peter gabriel do backup vocals of `` take me home '' , and i would n't have known unless i read it here . there 's a <NUM> cd phil collins compilation out there called `` love songs '' , and while there 's some good tracks , and some interesting bonus and live stuff on it , it 's all slower and sentimental , and does n't really show off phil 's versatility as well as `` hits '' . plus , with this compilation , there are songs from soundtracks and non-phil collins albums ( like `` buster '' , `` chinese wall '' , etc ) that you wo n't have to go hunting round for , as they 're all here in one place . genesis ' `` turn it on again : the hits '' would go well with this one , as it has phil 's other hits like `` invisble touch '' , `` i ca n't dance '' and `` follow you , follow me '' . recommended . four and a half stars
i had watched the bananas special with jeff allen on it , but i wanted to see more , so i bought this dvd . it had a little more funny stuff on it , but the serious talk he gave for a portion of the show was great too . this is a seriously funny man that you should check out . one of the best comedians i have ever seen
powerful , fast moving , comprehensive , well researched , resourceful , well filmed , comfortable to the eye , i could go on and on describing this brilliant work by pbs . this feature is like a tour to various artists ' studios and exhibitions without leaving your chair . i loved it so much i ordered the 1st & 2nd seasons , which come together by the way on one dvd . they should add this tagline to the dvd box : `` inspiration guaranteed ! '' what are you waiting for ? click 'add to shopping cart ' right now
i first heard this song last summer while i was painting our house . out in the fresh air and the sun ( and recently wed ) , this song immediately caught my attention and only seemed to get more irrestible with every listen . while it 's what i guess i would call somewhat of a `` rock '' song ( during the chorus ) , it 's alex band 's vocals that conveys the longing , passionate love element of the song . he manages to keep it romantic and unique instead of just making it a another decent rock song . i 've also heard chad 's version from the album ; while chad 's vocals are actually not * that * much different from alex 's ( both manage to be very masculine and strong ) , i feel that the version with chad is a `` good '' song while alex 's delivery makes it a `` great '' song . while chad 's voice is great for other songs , for this type of song it is overly domineering and angry-sounding . from a woman 's perspective , alex 's way would manage to convince me to `` get together '' while chad 's would scare me off ! sometimes , one vocalist is just `` meant '' to sing a song and either make it or break it . think of `` smooth '' from <NUM> . rob thomas ' delivery helped to make that song the hit it was . in this case , alex is the perfect man for the job .
seierstad writes a compelling book about cultural and personal differences . i actually can read between the lines the efforts of a man who is trying to find his own voice in a system that does not work as we think . with seierstad 's candid observations , one might feel compelled to shout and scream ... but yet any body who does not have the opportunity to stand out and taste criticism will shield from taking actions . i loved the way the author was able to clearly state facts and jumped into her emotions ( and i can only imagine the shock ) . most people will fail to recognize the main character 's effor to provide for an honorable way of living , help his younger wife to read , and do his best . when we read the book without judgement , we are able to understand how we differ . i actually think i can understand why this or that happens .. reconstruction after war is hard , anybody who has had to live and survive a very strict regime builds up character or shuts down . i usually found myslef thinking what would i do as any of the character 's personalities emerged ... it was fascinating . i smiled at the young teenager boy ... thinking of my brother , then my son .. of my feminist father and how he would try to emancipate his daughters and truly believe the guy is making a difference in his culture which might be less shocking than if we took someone from our culture to make drastic changes . the insecurity portraid by the female characters also happens to so many people ( mostly woman who chose to stay at home to care for kids for a while ) who leave the competitive world to nurture others . but most importantly , the book is a gift of courage on everyone .. to tell how they see it , and not pretending to live in a perfect world . i admire their courage , from the comfort of my house , with water and electricity , glass windows and no fear that i 'll get bombed . i could n't put it down ... if you want a total shock , read it with 'emergency sex ' ( and other desperate measures
a very good nontechnical book . kennedy does a great job of providing insight into an often obscure subject . excellent companion book to go along with a more technical book like greene or hayashi
i was revisiting this page because my sister-in-law just told me there is a new dvd out ! so ... trying to find out more ! i love this workout and tell everyone about it honestly ! i do n't have extensive ballet skills at all ... unless you call 2nd grade having any ballet skills ! and this does not seem that strenuous to me at all - i almost thought it was a waste of time as me and my husband did this for the first time in 2000/2001 ( seemed too easy ) , but ... after the second time of doing this and you start to feel your muscles coming to life again and you start to hold things ( like my kids ! ) with your upper body the way you are suppose to ! it 's amazing ... the abs section for any mom trying to get back in shape is amazing ! and right along the line of what my doctor recommended , but you somehow feel more elegant doing it to classic music with the soft voice directing you ! i do n't normally love dvd/tv exercising would much rather go out for a walk , etc ... but this is so good to tone your muscles and help you feel strong ! or as the front of the dvd states `` stretches and exercises anyone can do for a strong , graceful and sculpted body '' i totally agree and seeing as my husband did this with me the first time ( and there is also a sports option to help strengthen him for skiing ! ) i do n't understand where people are saying they had a hard time following it ... maybe they could n't keep up , but ... any aerobics class , yoga class or pilates class i 've ever been to - the instructor usually say the same thing just do as much as you can and just as long as you keep moving you are getting the benefit and once you do it a couple of time you will get the hang of it ! that 's what practice is for - no one is perfect typically the first time
i 've been a fan of annie for quite a while , and this album sticks to me the most other than her previous releases ( do n't know if it 's because this is the first album of annie that i 've bought , or because i have personal recollection to this album -- maybe both .. ) anyway , i have to say that this album is a rare album to be found in nowadays highly commercialized music industry . in this album ( which sadly is annie 's most unknown/unheard album ) , annie lennox sheds her deepest soul and her truths , unabashedly . i can understand why a lot of people dislike/hate this album while they are fans of `` diva '' ... this album ai n't no `` diva '' ... annie 's life has changed throughout the <NUM> years span between the relase of `` diva '' and `` bare '' , so it 's kind of funny to me people hating this record because annie is considered to be `` a whining 50-years-old woman '' ( how cruel , is n't it ? ) what 's more personal is that lennox wrote all the tracks herself , making this a highly original , innovative , fresh yet revealing and honest record .. gone are the 80's/90 's synthesizer sounds , replaced by keyboards-oriented sounds . all the tracks are about being hurt/sad yet also surrendering like the melodic `` a thousand beautiful things '' , `` the saddest song i 've got '' ( indeed , her saddest song ) , the wonderfully layered `` honestly '' and the dance influenced `` bitter pill '' her anger and pain can be seen on songs like `` pavement cracks '' , `` erased '' and `` twisted '' where on `` the hurting time '' annie gets wise with the lyrics : `` so tell me what they day brings/ has it lost its thrill ? / are you still searching , hoping for that empty space to fill ? / and everything you turn to / is like a mirror on the shelf/ and the one that you 're blaming is yourself .. '' wrapped in jazzy sounds , creating a highly spiritual listening . `` loneliness '' is the return to the <NUM> 's rock sounds , with heart wrenching lyrics : `` i 've got a longing that 's hard to find/wo n't give me no peace of mind/something that i 've lived with all along/days and weeks and months and years/ filling in the time my dear/ but somehow i still keep on going strong '' , where we can see her sadness but also willing to be strong , facing the truth . the last track , `` oh god ( prayer ) '' , is a short sad song , filled with questions to god , soaring her pain : `` if you can see me/ if you can hear me/ i know that i ca n't be that strong/ 'cause everything i ever did went wrong '' ... all that being said , this is the album that you will listen to over and over again while going through a rough time ... it 's about releasing your pain , sadness and anger , and also willing to be strong again ... listening to this album is not just listening , it 's an experience which we can relate to and learn from
not only is this a very thorough book , but it is available from amazon 's 'new & used ' sources for quite a low price , considering how recently it was published . i recieved a hard cover edition for 5.94 ! i only have one complaint : most of ilg 's promotional photos on-line show him using an elaborate system of yoga blocks , presumably to enhance the forms ' effectiveness . i was quite interested in this aspect of his training , and was , ( i feel , rightfully ) , assuming that the book would elaborate in this direction . unfortunately , there is no mention whatsoever of the blocks and their uses here in the book . why
the first thing you will notice with this one is the strange animation . it 's hard to even describe really ... but expect some disoriented backgrounds with some cgi thrown in . the plot however , is excellent . the main focus is about a author is going around collecting ghost stories . he constantly runs into a trio of outlawish justice seekers . they do what is called `` committing '' someone for their sins . these first <NUM> episodes deal with single episode told stories but all are great . this anime is highly reccomended for the horror fans out there
first of all , i love this show ! ! ! i just got my cd in the mail ... and i 've already listened to the whole thing ! i love it ! !
this album beats out a more negative vibe than any of extremes others , but that does n't mean that its not enjoyable . the real attraction towards the sound of this album is in the guitar work of nuno bettencourt . the intricate rhythms of the guitar solos , made possible by nuno 's shredding abilities , are magic . in some ways i feel his sound bluesy , with an influence of hendrix . i would n't recommend this to someone who it buying their first extreme album , a more rewarding buy would be the best of extreme : an accidental collication of atoms . i would recommend it to someone looking to expand their extreme collection however . particularly impressive songs are midnight express , where nuno shows off his incredible speed on a steel string acoustic , and hip today , the guitar solo of which still blows my mind . also worth mentioning is cynical f * * * , which is n't as technically impressive but an enjoyable hard rocking song none the less
while i am not a richard gere fan , i have to say this is a really good movie . a loving wife has an affiar with a french stranger . her husband eventually finds out and has his revenge , but only for a moment until he has realized what he has done . now he must decided to come clean , or just pretend it did not happen . the bulk of the movie is the affair and all the places and ways she cheats . but a good movie , diane lane , and olivier martenez make it very watchable
i read the book from first page to last . i found it very helpful and inspiring . i found myself talking out loud about situations that were familiar to me and debating things aloud as well . i would definitely recommend the book , however , i am wondering if there are any in depth books out there . i guess i am looking for rules , regulations , and suggestions in that area . i know that they , of course , vary by region , state , county , city etc .... thanks ! ! tamm
although i am not attuned to the background history of the film , the visuals are captivating enough to hold anyone 's interest . i have visited the site of the film , and the footage comes as close as possible to capturing the magnificance of the rainforest , the potaro river and kaieteur falls . the scenes with the locals are right on
i recieved the book faster than promised , in the exact condition listed . thank you
in our house we call somebody like rachel a whineramer . she really knows how to complain . but she writes so well , you do n't care . she had one passage where she describes the ideal ( and unlikeliness ) of the baby bottle coming out of the sterilizer , getting filled and passing to the baby 's mouth without being contaminated . funny stuff . i found the book to be empowering . i felt as a parent , i was just a little better than she was . that is her gift . like jesus , rachel crucifies herself as a crummy mother so that the rest of us can feel ok about ourselves
this box set contains five ealing studios comedies from the fifties that are just great examples of this genre of films . i had seen whiskey galore and a run for your money before so the other three were new to me . i liked the titfield thunderbolt the best and the maggie the least , but all are fine movies with typical english humor and good casts ( look for charles hawtry of `` carry on '' fame in passport to pimlico ) . the set is a bit pricy , but if you love the british comedies of this era , it 's not to be missed
excellent book about the greatness of the entrepeneurs who did n't have to rely on gov't subsidies to succeed ! finally , a chance to hear the other side of the story . gov't subsidies have always resulted in failure and this finally shows who the great industrialists of the 20th century were and that true laissez faire capitalism can work ! enjoy
i heard they spent 30,000 to make this album from a producer friend of mine . i believe it ! this is one of those albums that is almost too good to be true . i mean , its perfect in every way . from the production , to the musicianship , to the song writing , to the variety .. i mean .. theres nothing this album does n't miss . top notch , to say the least . as many other reviewers mentioned . these guys were highly underrated and overlooked . its actually shocking because this has to be the most amazing thing ive ever put in my cd player . and its a shame but you will probably never hear another band like this in your lifetime . actually , i can almost guarantee that . what a shame .. this is a must have album . if you do n't buy it . your missing out on one of the best cd 's to be released in the <NUM> 's or of all time for that matter . yes , its that good !
as a film programmer & movie fan , i 'm very psyched about the new eclipse line from the criterion collection . what better start than these early titles by bergman . it looks like more great things to come , so keep your eye out . even without the many extras , etc , the eclipse catalog will finally make available many rare films that have been waiting for dvd release . thank you , criterion
great movie . it is a must to have in your dvd collection . some scenes in the movie are hillarious . you laugh until you have tears in your eyes . an interesting comparison of the american and european culture . the twist at the end incredible . do not miss this movie .
i was almost dead . this works . first energy came back to me for each round of detox . then allergies lessened , joint aches went away , stomach problems decreased .. well , poisonoed people can have hundreds of symptoms , i wont count to <NUM> . read his forum on yahoogroups for more info . good luc
i am typically not a fan of `` live cds '' , but i have to say that this is absolutekly the best live cd i have ever heard . it makes you feel you are in the club with him . todd snider 's music is some of the best for such a youngster . this is obviously not a highly produced/made over cd so the recording quality of some songs is different , but as i said you are in the club with him ! there are a couple songs that i would have liked to have on there , but that leaves something for the next one . i have listened to it many , many times and i still laugh at his stories . i have let a variety of others ( a wide range of ages and interests ) and every one has enjoyed it . i recommend this cd with out one bit of reservation . the recording issues only adds to the enjoyment of feeling like you are there . should n't that be the goal of a live cd ?
after listening to & quot ; into the light & quot ; and & quot ; flying colours & quot ; , i began a search for more music by chris de burgh . although the music differs somewhat in sound from his newer albums , from the moment i heard hold on i knew i would enjoy this album . my favorite is probably windy night . but all of them are good respectively . i must say i found it interesting how he was able to blend alittle of each song on the album onto the lyrics of the end song , goodnight . i also ca n't help but wonder if a lyric from satin green shutters did n't inspire a later song of his , forevermore . whatever the case this is a wonderful piece for any true cdb fa
i do n't usually write reviews but i feel compelled to spread the word ; this workout is an excellent value . i own many fitness and pilates videos . i have also used a pilates reformer with a personal trainer . this dvd is the first workout i have seen that has someone actually perform the exercise on the reformer , then show the mat move . the production quality is excellent and the cueing is right on target ( and not in the least annoying ) . if you have never tried pilates mat work this dvd ( or the beginner version ) would be very helpful . if you are already familiar with pilates mat work , this would be an excellent addition to your library
poerful , melodic pop songs . with a cover of an arthur lee/love song . buy a copy now
i bought this book with low expectation for both the poetry and the story . i 'm happy to say that i was wrong . emperor 's babe is sexy , stylish and just the most original book i 've read in ages . the heroine is a tough little customer , a hip afro roman living in londinium who meets the man of her dreams and loses everything else . by the time you come to last page i promise that you will be moved by her story
an outstanding animated comedy , hoodwinked , brings to the screen a `` different '' take on the well-known little red riding hood story . in addition to the `` traditional '' company of adorable characters from the classic fairy tale , the cherry on the cake has to be the hilarious and hyperactive squirrel . anne hathaway , james belushi , glenn close , and the rest of the cast , have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are exceptional to say the least ! all the actors , without exceptions , give it their <NUM> % and it really shows ( the animation does come alive ) ! very well written and very well presented , the movie is without a doubt guaranteed to provide more than just a few laughs . the film is simple enough , but does a great job of providing high quality entertainment the likes of which we do n't get to see often enough . the setting , the plot , the dialogues , the humor ( ! ! ! ) and the music are all wonderful ! in short , hoodwinked is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection ! strongly recommended along with shrek and shrek <NUM> .
this book may not be suited for beginners . it 's a great addition to your arsenals if you are an advanced student majoring in control systems or working in an industry with feedback control design emphasis . the added software is great for hands-on practical problem solving technique .
as a theology student , as a citizen , and as a human being the movie touched me at every level . the transformation story of archbishop romero is not only about an individual hero but touches upon what it means for a church to have a human face . what role a church must play when caught between politics and violence . it is relevant to us today as we face a new global hegemony . the people around the world are being exploited in the name of capitalism and democracy . while , we , the fat americans stand by and watch in indifference the people suffering ? some <NUM> billion people who makes less than a $ 1/day . will we rise up ? will we open our eyes and to see the plight of the majority of humanity outside the boundaries of united states ? who will speak for them ? who will hear their cries ? may i be as courageous as archbishop romero in speaking the truth and to confront the systems of power and indifference .
this is one of the best collections i 've read in years -- perhaps the best since civilwarland . saunders is an entirely unique voice -- there really is no one else like him , and he manages to harness such disparate effects that it kind of leaves you breathless when finished . you 're stunned , sad , and above all laughing
obviously , the population of the world has been growing dramatically for the past few centuries . how high can it go ? at how high a level can it be maintained ? what restrictions are placed by the available resources , such as food and water ? this book asks many of the right questions . and it admits that we do n't have all the answers . but it does give some clues about where we may be headed . cohen shows that basically , if we want to support people indefinitely on <NUM> kilocalories per day from wheat energy , with <NUM> cubic kilometers of annual fresh water supply , well , we can support only <NUM> billion people . we 're already beyond that . right now , we 're using up resources at an incredible rate . and while the earth could support <NUM> billion people in theory , it is hard to see how it could do that for long in practice . the author thinks that we 'll never get to the absolute maximum that the earth can support . most people would all be right on the edge of starvation , and we 'd simply be unable and unwilling to stay in that state indefinitely . but i did realize after reading this book that we could stay at about <NUM> billion people for a very long time if we put our minds to it . standards of living would not be high , but they would be tolerable for the majority , and the ones who found such a life acceptable would keep having children who found it acceptable . those of us who have political views ought to wonder if time is on our side or not . and that is why i think it makes sense to try to imagine what options are available for our mutual future . that 's why i think this book is worth reading
when i first saw this book in the bookstore , i debated about getting it for about a month . the moment i bought , i regretted it . this book was so fanastic , you should n't hesitate ! the back cover makes the book sound stupid , and the front cover art is slightly freaky , but the book itself was actually really , really good . masterful writing combined with poetic development of characters and setting makes the novel flow . the transtitions and changes that the main characters have to go through , the challenges they face , and the triumphs and discoveries that they encounter will have you devouring the book in a day or less . honeslty , do n't hesitate when thinking about buying this book . it will become a treasured piece of your collection
i took my wife and parents to the grand ole opry in october <NUM> , just after this album was released . rlh sang two songs , a funny one about breaking up with a boyfried and `` forgive '' . when she belted out that ballad , i turned to my wife and said , `` she 's gon na be a huge star one day . '' after the show , of course , we stopped in the gift shop and grabbed the cd . good stuff .
i had the opportunity to see tom braxton play for an extremely happy crowd at his almamader , dunbar middle school ( then dunbar high school ) . `` julian 's smile '' and `` bounce '' are superbly played , smoothe and fresh sound . see him live if you get the chance , buy the cd anyway
this cd has a wonderful selection of songs . i was a little worried at first that they would n't be `` original '' , but you will not be disappointed . i recommend this cd highly ! ! !
each movie of the collection is a masterpiece , a refreshing experience , leaving a deep , intense after-taste . do not miss them
what can i say ? rachelle ferrell , miki howard , deniece williams , and me'lissa morgan are excellent , but this woman is the master ! ! none of anita baker 's albums will disappointment , but this , i think , is the best she has to offer . more than so on this album doe the music complement one of the beautiful voices god has ever blessed anyone with . my favorites are more than you know , fairy tales , and lonely
after reading the reviews i thought the dvd was going to be horrible , but it 's actually pretty good , and so far one of the best instructional hip-hop videos i 've seen ( i own a groovaloos dvd and tina landon dvd and have used darrin 's dance grooves ) , and the instruction is also better than some teachers i 've taken classes from . in general , nothing beats actually having a good teacher and choreographer so they can critique your form and technique . however , i very happy that the instructor , dave scott , did give some tips on technique instead of only showing moves to copy . ( the fundamentals section is too short , but pretty good ) . i only wish he gave more tips on technique . he also breaks down routines at different tempos ( which most instructional videos do not do ) , and this is essential ! i think it 's important to get the fundamental moves right at a slower tempo first , rather than rushing through the movements just to get through the song . he does turn around from the camera a few times so you can follow the moves without confusing your left and right , but i wish he did that more . the only main problem i had is that there are only two real routines you can learn , and that 's it 's not very `` take it to the streets '' oriented . no breakdancing instruction , really , or street dancing tips . so if you want to improve your breakdancing , this is n't the best dvd to buy . overall , it 's a good dvd for the price and i would highly recommend for intermediate to advanced dancers looking to expand creative moves , improve their ticking/waving , and get ideas for choreography . for beginners , it would still be a good investment but will be fairly difficult . i would suggest that instead of matching the moves , it might be good to just mirror the instructor so you can at least get used to moving your body in certain ways .
the guy shirtless , tied up , abs muscles so vulnerables to let the punisher to torture this guy until he cant almost breath and cry for mercy ... just an upper stomach being beaten to make this guy suffer a pain he will never forget ..
i love this cd . whenever we started to watch nashville star <NUM> , i saw brad and heard him sing , and i have liked him since then . i bought his cd yesterday , and i love all the songs on there except one . but other than that , it 's a good cd . i love the song i miss me , when i heard him on nashville star singing that while he was playing the piano , i loved that song . but to anyone that kind of likes country music with a little bit of rock or pop or whatever , you will like this .
beautiful . when the movie begins , the young lead character is a selfish , self-absorbed , lazy young man . he is looking for the quickest way to make money with the least effort ... and like many of his peers , has an intense dislike for the refugee father and `` son '' who come to work with the company he is employed with . i mean , this fellow is just awful . he 's so obnoxious , you keep waiting for him to do something appealing so you can stop wishing he 'd fall off of the building . and then he does . he finds out , by accident , that the `` son '' is really a young woman . and he is immediately drawn to her . suddenly , instead of being the tormentor he is the protector , of her physically and of her secret . when events transpire that lead him to search for her ( well , i ca n't give everything away , now can i ? ) , we get to see the maturation process in action . caring for someone other than himself gives him a strength and a resolve that even he did not know he had and brings him to an incredible sacrifice to help out her family . iranian films rarely have what we would traditionally call `` happy endings '' . those are rare and not sought after . but there are endings that are n't horrid , just sort of sad , in a good way . it 's hard to explain , but this film supplies an excellent example . in iran , princes do n't rescue the princesses , they usually get mangled by the dragon , but it 's never a dull ride ( and in this case he does n't actually get mangled ... ) .
one of the most recent additions to my film collection is vctor erice 's espritu de la colmena ( the spirit of the beehive ) , made in <NUM> in spain . franco 's dictatorship was in its waning years - but the censorship the generalissimo had fostered still remained in effect - many directors of the day had to fight to have their films shown . if they portrayed anything that had to do with the spanish civil war - especially showing the resistance in a favorable light - they had to do it metaphorically . some films were cut to ribbons by the censors , some were delayed almost indefinitely - and some never saw the light of day ( or the dark of a cinema , if you like ) . erice 's first feature is set in <NUM> , and shows a spain still reeling from the pain of the civil war . set in a small village on the castilian plain , the film speaks volumes about both the physical and psychological damage done by the conflict . the village is seen to be quite run down - the family at the center of the story lives in relative comfort in a large old manor house , but it , too , is in a state of neglect and disrepair . while quite spacious compared to the homes of their neighbors , the rooms are shown to contain little furniture - and the one meal we see the family sharing , a breakfast , is a sparse one . the members of the family seem to exist in their own isolated orbits - coming close to each other at times , but never really connecting . the two young sisters - ana ( ana torrent ) and isabel ( isabel tellera ) - share more of a bond than the parents have with each other , or with their children . the girls ' father ( portrayed by popular spanish actor fernando fernn gmez ) is a beekeeper - the first time we see him in the film , he 's tending the hives , dressed in his protective gear , looking a bit like a space explorer . their mother ( teresa gimpera ) writes letters to an unnamed man - from the address seen on an envelope in one scene , a refugee from the fighting living in a camp in france . we never learn if he is a former lover , a relative , or just an old friend caught up in forces over which he has little control - but from the frequency of her letters to him , and the emotional depth of the words she writes ( which we hear in a voice-over ) , it 's obvious this is a person about whom she cares a great deal , and whose absence torments her . the girls are the real focus of the story - especially the youngest , ana . she appears to be around <NUM> years old - at that age when the fantasies of childhood are about to be pushed aside by the realities of life , a time of difficult transition for a child . she still accepts everything she sees as being real - fiction is an unknown concept to her . a travelling cinema comes to town , setting up in the town hall - it 's clearly something that has happened before , and we see the children gather around the van , before the dust has even settled , clamoring to know what film will be shown . on this occasion , it happens to be james whale 's <NUM> classic version of frankenstein . ana and isabel are among the children and adults who crowd into the makeshift theatre to see the film . ana is captivated by the entire spectacle - and as i mentioned , she 's at the age when everything she sees on the screen is as real to her as what she sees on the street everyday . ana torrent , the young actress who portrays ana in the film , had never seen frankenstein before - and in one of the most moving scenes i 've ever witnessed in a film , we see her face in the dark , illuminated only by the light reflecting from the screen , as she reacts , honestly and openly , eyes wide in wonder , not acting , to the story before her . at one point , she leans over to her sister isabel and asks , ` why did the monster kill the little girl ? why did they kill the monster ? ' isabel tells her later , as the girls lie in their beds , awaiting sleep , that ` it 's all make-believe - nothing in the movies is real ' . ana 's not buying it . still obsessed with the experience and story of the film , she later listens intently to a story isabel tells her of a spirit that lives nearby , in an abandoned barn . isabel warns ana that the spirit will only appear when called by someone with a pure heart , who believes it is real . ana returns to the barn several times , calling ` it 's me - ana ' , to no avail . after a few visits , she arrives at the barn to find it occupied - a wounded freedom fighter , on the run from franco 's guard , has taken shelter there . when he awakens with a start , hearing a noise , he immediately draws his pistol - seeing that it 's ana , he relaxes . ana is either determined that this man is the spirit she has been seeking , or simply decides to make him into the spirit , and befriends him - she offers him an apple , and later sneaks out of her house with her father 's jacket , to keep the man warm at night , inadvertently neglecting to remove her father 's pocket watch before handing it over to him . ana 's vision of this man as her own manifestation of the spirit is shattered when he is caught by franco 's police and killed . her father is called to the makeshift morgue - once again , using the town hall , returning to the scene of the film that affected ana so much - to view the body . the police captain has found the pocket watch on the dead man , and has connected it to ana 's father - he 's obviously been brought in for questioning , probably a common practice in a society under the shadow of franco 's paranoia . his assurances that he did n't know the man , or how his jacket and watch came to be in his possession , are evidently taken as truth , and he is allowed to take his property and go home . when he confronts ana with the watch , simply by opening it at the breakfast table and allowing the chiming mechanism to sound , it 's pretty apparent from her facial expression that she knows something about it . he later follows her to the barn - she does n't know that the man has been captured and killed - and when her father attempts to talk with her there , she runs from him . her failure to return home prompts a search party made up of villagers scouring the woods and countryside at night , carrying lanterns - a striking visual reminder of the scene in whale 's frankenstein when the villagers searched for the monster carrying torches . ana is found sleeping in the ruins of an old castle , and brought home , obviously traumatized . as we see her sleeping in the room she shares with isabel , we notice that isabel 's bed has been stripped of its linen - perhaps a sign that isabel , being a couple of years older , is now in her own room , having ` grown up ' sufficiently in the eyes of her parents to warrant this ` promotion ' . ana 's experiences have left her changed - but how much is unclear . the border she has crossed - or is beginning to take the first steps in crossing , at least - is one that is not skipped over in the course of a day or two . it 's something that takes years to accomplish . as the film ends , we see her poignantly calling out to her spirit once more , ` it 's me - ana ' . the cinematography in this film is astonishingly beautiful - lus cuadrado worked miracles , not just in his camera angles and framing , but in capturing the honey-colored light that is so essential in conveying the feeling and atmosphere of this film . in the documentary the footprints of a spirit - one of the several fine extras included in criterion 's new dvd release of the film - director vctor erice and his co-screenwriter angel fernndez santos , speak of their original intended storyline , and how they wound up discarding the opening scenes - they said that once they started filming , they realized that the opening , looking back from the present to the time depicted in the body of the film , was a drag on the overall effect . it 's an interesting look into the creative process . as it turned out , the film is as close to perfect as cinema can get . criterion has done a masterful job in restoring and packaging it for re-release . since i 've never had the opportunity to see this work in a theatre on the big screen , i have nothing with which to compare it - but i can say that this is one of the most beautifully filmed , moving cinematic creations i 've ever experienced .
small town america ... only this is n't the pleasant and white-picketed small town america of film noir fame , it 's the gray and colorless small town america of neo-noir , and there 's the man on the sidewalk looking like a lost bum to prove it . a bum who 's being approached by that famous `` man in a black trenchcoat '' ... hard eight ( aka sydney , but i 've yet to see a version of it anywhere that actually claims that title ) is a debut pretty much as promising as blood simple to the brothers coen . paul thomas anderson immediately sets out to give us only the best , with actors he wants to make famous and a script that has characters doing almost nothing we want ( or expect ) them to do , but who yet remain completely sympathetic throughout . anderson also uses neo-noir color to great effect , allowing red and blue to do what harsh black and white contrast is supposed to do in classical noir . that said , anderson still knows where the majority of the talent lies , and despite the long takes and steady-cam shots that would develop into those dizzying long takes from later movies , he focuses most of his time on the characters ' faces , and just lets them be . if he had n't already done the amazing and always stunning later work of magnolia , boogie nights , and punch drunk love , i 'd say that this is a `` promising debut that makes me impatient for the next anderson picture to come out , '' but since he does now have four classics notched into his belt , i must say , `` see this to see anderson at his roots , '' and `` man i ca n't wait for his next feature ! '' -- polarisdi
as a musician and buyer of well over <NUM> albums from every genre , collected over a period of <NUM> years , this remains my favorite album by anyone at anytime . imho , it is the most `` complete '' collection of songs that anyone has ever committed to vinyl and , given the state of todays recording industry , is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future . an amazing body of work that should grace the collection of anyone who considers themselves a serious music fan
i was very keen on the early poseidon adventure which i liked . so i was keen to see what wolgang petersen , a director i do like , could do with the story . it found it to being a good movie . it did keep the viewers interests as our heroes go from one episode to the next . so much so i lost track of time throughout the movie . having said that this movie has to be compared to the <NUM> effort . in which case , i would have to say like so many copies that its not as good as the original . the characters are not so interesting nor is the acting . the story was better explained in the first one and more believable . the special effects are approximately as good . the filming however is better as the newer technology shows . still it is worth looking at .
best of wayne newton now is an excellant compilation of music . the oldies are there , a few i had never heard , but i am so glad i did . it goes from toe-tapping music to daydreaming and just plain crying songs . since i am a long time fan and have just recently attended his christmas show , i can assure you , this cd will not be a dissapointment
before i read the last <NUM> pages of this book , i would have given it <NUM> stars . woken furies suffers from a common affliction among many sci-fi series : same-samey-ness . once you 're introduced to the world , the technologies , the aliens , whatever , unless the author can keep the creative curve balls coming ( peter hamilton often has the ability to keep things fresh ) , the joy and surprise of discovery quickly fades . and so it goes with woken furies . two thirds of the way through and i thought harlan 's world just was n't different enough from venice beach to keep me riveted . and assembling the decom team , going into battle , using the cybertech - i might as well have been re-reading broken angels , morgan 's best by far . but ! just when i was resigned my disappointment , the last few chapters cranked the book out of its nose dive . morgan lets loose with some big ideas , and the final showdown is spectacular fun . sci-fi writers often have problems ending their books ( stephenson , gibson anyone ? ) , but morgan always ends with a satisfying crunch , and this one wrapped up the nicest of them all . a word of warning - this is by far the most violent book i have ever read , and that includes morgan 's previous books . if you ca n't take the heat , stay out of the kitchen . and morgan 's graphic sex scenes seem gratuitous and perfunctory to the point of being boring porn . in morgan 's favor , as usual his prose is taut as a drum and hits hard . characterization has always been his strong point , and this is perhaps his best : kovacs 's anger seethes off every page . the self-loathing loose cannon may be a clich , but with kovacs you can feel it , to the point where character is basically a psychotic serial-killer , and you 're right there with him . i think morgan was wise to retire kovacs with this novel . one more and the sameyness would have made the series a bore . ( i 've given up on hamilton and reynolds for that reason - i get it already . ) if you 're a fan of the kovacs books , this is definitely worth some tedium ( albeit entertaining tedium ) to get to the payoff . i 'm looking forward to what morgan will do next
i had a very colicky baby from <NUM> weeks old to <NUM> weeks old and this was the best cd of all the ones i tried ( classical , lullabye , ocean sounds , television , etc ) to calm my baby and most importantly , to keep him sleeping longer . the last track was his favorite , the sound of the rain . he sleeps so much longer now that i play that track on `` repeat '' all night long . and i can get things done during his naps because the rain sound covers up the noise of me in the kitchen , etc . and , when he is really cranky and there 's nothing else i can do for him , i can put him down in his bed and play the whole cd from start to finish and it calms him and puts him to sleep <NUM> % of the time , which is a huge improvement from other attempts .
this is a great cd to listen to . if you like patsy cline you will definitely want this cd . not every singer can do patsy justice but leann does and i would certainly recommend this cd
was reborn when i heard this . i used to be a heavy metal rocker in my teens , but hearing it now is a whole 'nuther experience . you cant fault the raw energy of this band , they smoke ! it 's balls out , no nonsense , bread n butter rock music , no gimmicks . check out the movie ( let there be rock ) and see the experience ! angus 's striptease is hysterical and consolidates his place as one of rock 's true characters . he is essentially chuck berry on speed ! bon was a true gravelly dude . my mum used to work at a salon called scissors in the <NUM> 's and her college 'silver ' used to date bon , so she got to meet the boys a few times . when she cut angus 's hair , he apparently said nothing and drank <NUM> pints of milk during the process . a real school boy to the end . i love this band and i love bon 's smutty lyricism , too . r.i.p
i heard dr. wood speak in washington before i purchased the book and he is as eloquent in person as he is on the page . it is difficult to discuss this matter in the public square given the emotional sensitivities in our society when one tries to talk about race , and no doubt many on the left will dismiss dr. wood out of hand . but he gives a reasoned , thoughtful discussion on an issue that is still very central in our lives and society - but as dr. wood points out , if the left were n't so focused on & quot ; diversity & quot ; we would likely be much closer to the colorblind society we all seek . an excellent and timely read
a drifter named trinity ( terence hill ) slides into a dusty frontier town where he discovers his outlaw brother bambino ( bud spencer ) is sheriff . disguised as sheriff , that is . bambino wants to rustle a herd of valuable horses ; trinity is enamored of a pair of comely mormon lasses . there 's more to they call me trinity than that , of course , but not a lot more . the mormons want to settle in a nearby valley and build a community . an unscrupulous land-baron ( farley granger ) wants to intimidate them out . there 's a band of mexican banditos swooping down every so often to test the resolve of the peace loving settlers . the draw of this one , though , is the quiet comedy and the interplay between hill and spencer . hill 's trinity is lithe and tanned , bambino is bearded and hulking - they 've got a little joe & hoss thing going . impossibly quick on the draw and dominating in all of the film 's many fights , trinity is about as laid-back a spaghetti western hero as you 're going to find . heck , he rides in to and out of the movie barefoot and asleep on a makeshift stretcher dragged by his horse , holstered gun trailing in the dust . hollywood ( and italia ) was cranking out counter-culture rebels with droning regularity back in the late sixties/early seventies , most with ` off the man ' ` tudes and ten-pound chips on their shoulders . what 's refreshing about trinity is that about the only thing he 's rebelling against is physical exertion and grown-up responsibility . bambino may be a crook , but he 's agreeably grumpy and , besides , those horses he wants to rustle belong to the evil major . they call me trinity is usually called a comedy-western , but its humor provokes smiles rather than belly laughs . it 's a good , fun , unchallenging way to spend an hour and a half . unfortunately , the direct source video version is pretty hard on the eyes . it 's presented in full-screen , edited down from its 2.35:1 aspect ration . worst of all the picture looks like it was duped off a bad video tape - indistinct images , faded colors , etc . this one is n't a classic , but it 's one of the better spaghetti westerns , and deserves a better presentation than it gets here .
this is a well written book with execllent photography , but not what one would consider buying to learn how to make the basic and newer sauces . it 's actually just another great cook book
i absolutely love paula and this is the first cookbook of hers that i 've bought . the book has a great layout ( cakes , pies , cookies , bars , etc . ) there are a few pictures ( they are not on the same pages as their recipes ) that make me want to bake even more ! everything in the book sounds so delicious but the thing that really got me was her pound cake . now she has about <NUM> or <NUM> pound cake variations - i tried the cream cheese variation . over the past <NUM> months i have been searching for `` the '' pound cake recipe and have tried a ton of different ones always with disappointment . when i tried paula 's i kept my expectations low and i was blown away ! ! it actually tasted like pound cake , not too sweet , not to floury -- just perfect ! ! ! i ca n't wait to try the rest of her recipes , for each ten i looked at i would deffinitely try at least <NUM> and consider the other <NUM> ! a minor disappointment is that some of her recipes call for pre-made cake mixes . although it is great for cutting down on time i suppose , i do n't see the sense in putting pre-made mixes into a cookbook . still does n't take away from the flavor or temptation of her desserts . excellence
i received the 1-disc 'best of bowie ' for christmas , back when i was just a bowie novice . with the <NUM> or <NUM> song track list , it was a short listen , but covered all of the basics . the problem was ; i wanted more . i searched every record shop , every ebay auction , until i got everything other than the tin machine albums and 'black tie white noise ' . i am working on getting those now . i finally came across the best of bowie 2-disc edition , and boy am i glad i purchased it ! the first extra essential this disc has to offer is the classic 'the man who sold the world ' . it was so good , it was covered by nirvana ! i consider it to be one of bowie 's finest ; right up there with my all time favorite bowie song , 'ziggy stardust ' . it also covers another bowie essential , 'life on mars ? ' . it 's more of a nostalgical piece , the beginning taking place in a girl 's dreamworld . he actually performed this with the indie band arcade fire . and , of course , it also covers 'oh ! you pretty things ' , which is another classic bowie song off of 'hunky dory ' . other songs that have been put on this album and not on the 1-disc include 'sorrow ' , 'drive-in saturday ' and the slightly controversial 'john , i 'm only dancing ' . the second disc is more of the 'present ' bowie . the first track is off of 'low ' , which many people title 'technologically ahead of its time ' . 'sound and vision ' is one of the most famous songs bowie has ever done , because it was featured on bbc ( i think ... ) the title track off of 'scary monsters ' is also here , thank goodness ! it is such a good song and it showcases bowie 's 'chameleon ' technique . i 'm also satisfied because 'loving the alien ' is also on this ; it 's my all-time favorite bowie song ! it also includes more recent bowie , like 'little wonder ' and 'slow burn ' . the 1-disc bowie is good for beginners , but if you want a real good taste of the most inventive artist in the world , get the 2-disc edition . it covers more ground than perhaps any other greatest hits compilation ( with the exception of van halen , maybe ... ) . you would n't be dissappointed with this purchase . it 's a lot better than getting bowie 's albums as a starter , and then not liking them ... although i 'm sure you would . it 's just that good !
i 'm not usually a fan of `` power metal '' , but this was a pretty good cd all the same . some of the songs sound basically the same but there are few that stand out . great guitar riff on song <NUM> the edge of paradise . overall worth buying !
